Fuck this guy! You are so much more worthy than that! Nobody should have to report anything to anyone unless its safety or things like if you're going out to a job, parent's home, etc. He DOES NOT OWN YOU. You are in power of your OWN life and he is just a piece of shit.Please, know that you are amazing, unique, beautiful and you should be respected for who you are. This asshole is obviously a manipulator. You DON'T NEED that piece of shit.Break up with him. I now would've given anything for someone to tell me that, but nobody did because nobody knew. And nobody knew because he limited my time with friends. He isolated me from my own family.Honey, you deserve so much. You deserve the world in your hands, but if you stay with him, he's going to make that impossible. Break up with him. Do it even if it means that its going to be one of the most difficult things you could ever do. But of you stay with him, then guess what. All that time that you spend with this asshole is going to be the most difficult thing you could ever go thru. And continuing for more than what it needs to be.If you need anything, anything at all please PM me. I wish you the best of luck.Remember that you're amazing and you don't need anyone to tell you otherwise.
She used to verbal abuse me in a manic way every lesson. I have never been abused before. It's 5am here I can't sleep I always get flashback. I might have ptsd I am too scared to go doctors again as he said I have to go to consultant about it which could destory  my life as i never had a mental illness before. I just  woke up again in hot flushes with her screaming at me. How comes she gets to live peaceful while I had everything but when I met her she ruined everything by abusing me every lesson with other witnesses in class it was very scary and tramatic.  Thanks
I am 19 years old and currently living at home with my family and abusive and neglectful mother. I don't really know what to do anymore. I don't want to live with in her grasp anymore. Last year I tried living away from home at university but I still received unrelenting abusive phone calls from her. If I refused to pick up she would cancel my phone plan and threaten to defund me. She would just yell and scream at me what a useless person I was the second I picked up. Eventually I fell into a deep depression and I basically flunked out. I'm now enrolled at a different university but living at home. I want to move away but I just don't have the money to work and go to school. Unfortunately I'm completely financially tied to my parents I feel like I'm trapped.I receive near daily verbal abuse from her. Often it is screaming at me for absolutely no reason. She drinks a lot. She used to hit me, but that is much less common now that I'm big. The most damaging thing she does is deny me food. I'm 5'10" and only 110lbs. Often she will just refuse to acknowledge my existance, which I guess is better than the usual. Things seem to switch between screaming and utter silence.I really don't know what to do at this point. Maybe I'm doing something wrong. I don't know. I want to go away but I can't afford it and even this is better than being homeless.
So I went out for my ex for 6 years. He had this friend for about 2 of the last years I was with him, that caused a lot of trouble because he refused to let me meet her saying I am jealous and would act crazy, always some excuse. He would tell me inappropriate things, such as she would touch him, dressed provocatively etc... the fact he ended up not doing anything about it and demanded to keep seeing her, ended the relationship between him and I, amongst other things that were involved.I hadn't had anything to do with him for about months, then we met a few times, it seemed he was trying to work through things, I ended up staying over at his place. Something just didn't feel right, I ended up going on his facebook and found out he said to his friend, "she stayed here for about 2 nights, we cuddled and touched and everything, we stayed in the same bed and slept beside eachother, I kept getting boners all night, I touched her ass, but she ended up saying go back to sleep Alex"the conversation kept going on with his friend saying to treat her better " I already treat her like a princess" but am going to treat her even better now "don't think she is a slut"I read conversation between him and her that were very suggestive "you know how good I am with my hands " he says" she laughs and goes " I know you are" she invites him over all the time and he jumps at the chance.I confronted him and he denied everything and said it was a joke and he is not attracted to her at all, he calle me a drama queen, crazy etc...he was not embarassed, and only cared about where I read that from. was I right all along?After reading what I did, I left and decided I don't want anything more to do with him,He keeps calling me and trying to talk, and will not leave me alone. I can't block numbers, but he makes my skins crawl at this point, I could never trust him after this, even if he did stop having anything to do with her, he doesn't see anything he did wrong. What a waste of 6 years, so depressed, how could he do this?I was nothing but loyal, supportive throughout 4 years of his college, this semester has been a mess because of all this to the point where I may have to repeat. I have been as patient as possible, but any little thing I did wrong he throws in my face, he started working 6 months ago and since then he has turned into more of a horrible person, he says it is all my fault because I am still in college, while he is independent etc...I want to forget him completely but I can't. I feel emotionally tortured.There was a job position that opened where he worked, he knows I need the money and experience and could have easily helped me get it, I am glad he didn't because I could not work with him. But he didn't tell me about it and says he wouldn't allow me to work there, because they need hard workers, I can't believe what a nasty person he is. It is like he wanted to make my life hell.
I was in a almost 2 year long relationship with someone whom i cheated on. I was 14 when we started dating and he was 17. I was already in a relationship with my ex while starting to date the other guy. I cheated on my ex with this man. I started the relationship out dating both at the same time. We went on for two years in the mean time he wasnt really abusive besides me finding out that he had also cheated but not giving me any real evidence on what happened which i didnt really ask for. A few times during our relationship i would go through his phone (as he would with mine) and look for any flirting or signs of cheating. I found some things that made me sort of wonder about him (i.e cheating) and id ask him about it and hed tell me to never go on his phone again and tp respect him or hed leave me. This caused me to wonder why he could go through mine and have my passwords to social media when i couldnt go through his. This also caused me to miss a lot of school being as i was very depressed. A few months pass and i cheated on him again with my ex who i loved the entire time still and he found out. He decided to stay in the relationship and abuse me. He controlled me and told me if i wanted to work this out id have to be an "army wife" and stay in his property with cameras around the place and gps in a car hed give me while he was in the army. He told me if he saw anyone he didnt know around me he would shoot himself in the army infront of me. This was thr beginning. I started telling people about his personal body problems and i told him i told people. He made me send him nudes of me with an entire bottle inside of me telling me that i was going to be loose and undesireable like he seemed. I have severe ptsd and trauma from this as i was being controlled and emotionally abused. Hes in jail now with 9 counts of sexual performance on a child and 3 counts of lewd and lascivious behavior on a person 12 to 16 yrs. I feel so terrible about this. I need to hear others perspective on this before i lose my mind. If he is concicted he may face 100 years or life. I dont think he did anything wrong as he always told me he was doing these things for a reason. I still hear his voice screaming at me and telling me the endless terrible things and it wont ever leave. I dont think he deserves this. 
I've lived with my step dad for 10 years and counting and at first it started off with physical abuse when we were kids. I don't even know if it l should call it that but it was just spanking us (I remember his red hand mark on my thigh lasted days) and  flicking our heads (absolutely hated this one). Mind you this was when our mom had just met him, dicorced my dad and moved in a house with him. Told my dad and my dad told the police and then the child services got involved and after that there was no more hitting. There was suspected sexual abuse from him to my older sister (she just recently came out to us about this) but never to me. This is where he starts having 'anger management' as what I would call it back then. He would yell and scream so frequently and was triggered so easily by small things. I believe he went to some sort of therapy for this and that has sort of stopped. He still is a very angry man and the smallest things can set him off. Now I can't remember when exactly the verbal abuse started but I remember putting up with it for years. All through my teens all the way to now (I'm 20). He would walk past my room, see that the door is half way open and mumble loud enough for you to hear the following words: "B*tch" "Moron" "Brain dead" "F*cking slut" "Whore" "Skank" "Retard" and "Loser" which my 8 yr old llittle sister (his daughter with my mom) has actually picked up on from him. I was just in bed waking up, eyes were still closed and for no reason he walked into my room, went beside my bed and I heard him whisper "f*cking loser". What does he even gain out of this if I actually was asleep? I can tell that this has changed me. I have a thicker skin towards his words but sometimes it still makes me cry. I've developed a distant type of personality towards my mom. I don't even talk to him or go downstairs if hes home (if hes home all day, I'm in my room all day). My older sister (who experienced his sexual abuse) has moved out years ago but I know sometimes she doesnt come over if she knows he is the only one home. Its so emotional to write about this and realizing how much all  the accumulation over the years of this name calling has actually affected me mentally. Now here is where I don't know what to do. My mom sort of knows but not really. I Don't want to tell her because they have an 8 year old child together and we all live in the same house and if anything were to happen because of the verbal abuse that I'M experiencing the WHOLE household would be affected. I don't even know if I should qualify it as verbal abuse. Maybe he is just mentally ill? I guess all I'm asking is how to get help from my end... 
My parents have been married for 22 years. I'm 17 and i have two younger twin sisters (13). My dad verbally, emotionally, sexually, and sometimes physically abuses my mother. Everything is always worse at night because he is an alcoholic. He has a high tolerance, but he eventually gets buzzed/drunk and doesn't remeber a lot of what happens the next day. I've witnessed all of his abuse before (beside visually witnessing sexual abuse, my mom has told me about it + i hear him wake her up at his convenience and forcing her to have sex a lot). The nights they get in really big arguments (maybe once a week?), my mom will sleep in mine or my sister's room to avoid sleeping with my dad. He will come in just about every 5-6 minutes for about an hour trying to coerce her into going back to bed. He always calls my mom lazy, a slut, a whore, accuses her of cheating (she's not), and calls her constantly whenever she is out of the house for long. She has a full time job and is an amazing mother. I know my mom is depressed because of him. She tries to hide it but all she wants to do is sleep (also from the lack of sleep from his sexual abuse). My mom always wants friends over because that's when he seems like the nicest person ever. He always talks about how happy he is to have been married for so long. I know abusers aren't abusive because of alcohol, but he's not that bad of a person in the morning when he's sober. At night if he gets angry, his temper is really short and he argues with everything. I've been hit a few times before when I get in between him and my mom. I always protect myself and fight back, and then he usually realizes that he lost his temper and stops. My sisters know about most of whats happening but they mainly lock themselves in their bedrooms. I get involved to help my mom. She tells me a lot, mostly everything. She would have committed suicide by now had it not been for me and my sisters. She feels like she had to stay with my dad to give us the best childhood. My mom wants to get away but doesn't think she can. 1) She doesn't make enough money to pay mortgage on our house, and she would want to keep the house for my sisters and I. 2) She thinks no one will believe her that my dad is abusive3) She's stuck out the marriage for this long and thinks it will be better to wait until my sisters and I graduate and move out (but idk If she'll ever be able to get away once I'm gone)4) I've told her to get a constraining order, but she knows he will still follow her around and harass herThis is what terrifies me most:5) my dad makes over 6 figures and pays for mostly everything. My mom controls the finances but the majority of the money is his. If my dad were to get arrested, he would lose his job, we wouldn't be able to afford our home, cars, food, or college for me next fall. I'm terrified that our lives will be so hard and miserable without the money he brings. 6) I dont want to go to my local college, but god I'm so scared to leave my mom behind. She doesn't want my life to suffer because of him but i don't know how I'm gonna just leave her.  My dad is such a selfish asshole. I try so hard to convince her to get a divorce, but I know she won't. Idk what to do anymore. Edit: I'm up right now because i keep hearing him forcing her to have sex. This is the second time in the past two hours. She's told me before how she hates sex now because all he does is use her. 
[TW:Physical Abuse][TW:Verbal Abuse]Note: this is not my main reddit account, it's one I can use to remain anonymous.Hi. So here's some background information on me. I'm a minor. I'm a Muslim. I'm a gifted student. I make As and Bs. Mostly an introvert (INTJ), if needed I become an extrovert (ENTJ). I'm INTJ by trauma, what happened to me when I was very young scarred my life forever.When I was very, very young, my parents dropped me off my cousin's house. After an hour or so, my aunt asked us to get a ride from someone at the mosque across the street to get something for her. So, we go outside and my cousin is asking people for a ride. He comes back and we start walking to the grocery store. I ask my cousin: "what are you doing?" He says: "there's no one at the mosque." Me being confused: "why not tell your mom we're walking to the grocery store". He lies to me (didn't know at the time) and tells me: "she knows. I always do this when there isn't a ride available". After 3 minutes walking, a friend of the family spots us and asked us: "what are you guys doing?". (gonna hurry this up) My cousin said we're going to the grocery store. He asks us why are we walking. Blah, blah, blah. There was actually someone willing to give us a ride at the mosque but my cousin never told me. The friend of the family calls my father tells him everything and calls my cousin's mom and tells her everything. *Fast forward.* We got the groceries, and instead of my dad coming and picking me up, my uncle comes and picks me up. I tell him everything and we go to his house and he tells me if your father does anything to you, tell me. Half an hour later, my father picks me up. We get home and he hangs me from a belt upside down and beats me. I'm not willing to give all the details, but I got punished severely. My father told me if I told anyone about what happened, he'll beat me again. I have never told anyone about it, even my uncle, fearing for what would happen. That's when I stopped trusting everyone, my parents, my cousin, my family, I blocked out the entire world. I couldn't care less about my emotions, I became more introverted.Years passed since then, and I got punished again for other things I did unknowingly.Nowadays:My parents make fun of me for having a lazy eye. I have terrible vision and they keep blaming it on technology. They know I need glasses but they never get them for me. (That's why I keep making Bs and Cs on assignments, I can't see the board). I believe my mother is a narcissist. Always so controlling.She yells at me so much, accusing me of talking back when I didn't, throwing objects at me, hitting me with utensils. When I'm not hungry, she forces me to eat by hitting me.Just yesterday, I came back from school tired due to multiple exams this week, and I only had 20 minutes to rest. I ate and the next thing my mother tells me is: we're going to your dads store. My father owns a shop in a large mall nearby. Thing about it is I don't like going there, especially when I'm tired. (Please don't give me any crap about "you should learn, it'll give you a head start when you get a job". I already learned how to run the store by myself, but they make [force me by threats] me work there without pay. I even had to skip homework multiple times because I could never concentrate since the WiFi went off and on, I had to help customers, etc.) So I'm tired and very sleepy, when we get there. My dad had a package of merchandise just shipped. What we have to do is shelf everything on the store. How would you feel if your whole body was tired and you had to put boxes on shelves and move around a lot? I told them I'm tired but they didn't care and I still had to do it. Sometime while I was working, I tore one of my muscles – my wrist flexors. So I had to work with pain. When we get home, I go to the living room and sleep on the couch. My mother asked me: "why are you acting like this?" I tell her: "I'm tired, and you guys made me work". She gets annoyed and replied: "Stop talking back to me.". (SHE ASKED ME A QUESTION AND I TOLD HER WHAT WAS WRONG WITH ME.) She starts yelling at me about how they're paying all the bills, getting food, etc. Then she tells my father: "we should beat him because he's acting like this". After a bit, I go to my bed to sleep.*TL;DR:* My parents are too controlling. What they did to me took away my childhood forever. I've lacked friends because I didn't trust anyone.Me being aware of what happens in the foster care system, other members of my family are going to be willing to take me in, but I'm aware they'll scold me.I can't talk to my parents about this either, they don't remain calm, they'll get – for lack of a better word – triggered.What do I do?
I recently realized that I am a victim of childhood emotional negligence and I thought it might be helpful to share my experience so that others who also are victims of this can step towards healing.Childhood emotional abuse is something most people who experienced it don't realize they did because it is unlike other types of obvious abuse. Your parents still fed you, they didn't leave bruises on your body or call you names, scream at you, etc. Many people call it "invisible" because it's not what your parents did, but what they did not do. It's hard for people to look back and realize this. This is my story and how I came to realize I grew up with CEN. Like so many other kids, I grew up with divorced parents. The divorce affected each one of my siblings differently because of our ages and I was the youngest at 7 years old. The divorce happened quickly. At 7, I didn't understand much of what was going on and my parents never explained to me why they were getting a divorce or anything of the sort. I went to a guidance counselor at my school once a week for a few months where I met with a few other kids who were going through the same thing. I don't remember much, but I don't think I got much out of it.Later I found out details of the divorce and that my parents struggled financially (like many divorced families) and they filed bankruptcy. My father moved into a small apartment and started working a second job as a bartender to make extra money. My mom became a cytotechnologist and started working fulltime.My dad started going out on the weekends and during the week and my sister being in highschool had to babysit my brother and I most of the time. But my sister too would go out partying with her friends during her highschool years. I remember not wanting to go home from my friends' houses because I knew I'd be sleeping in an empty house. I tried telling my dad that this bothered me but he would find a way to negate my feelings. I usually wrote him letters because I was too afraid to do it in person. He never would wear a seatbelt, either, and I was so afraid of him getting in a car accident. I started developing separation anxiety and I would try to be with my parents whenever I could. I was so afraid of something happening to them and I'd ask to go to the grocery store, appointments, everything because I was afraid something would happen to them.My mother tried her hardest to financially support us, and she worked very hard. She'd work until 5 or 6 and come home exhausted. My great-grandma always told me on the phone, "Be good to your mother" so I would clean the house, try to make dinner, and I would give her a hand massage when she came home. I knew she worked hard. So yeah the daily routine was me coming home from school, her getting home around 5 or 6, sometimes her making dinner for us and then her going to bed. My mom tried to make things as stable as possible for us though, and I respect her for that.That's a little background on my home life during the early stages of the divorce. Here's how things changed. My dad ended up getting 3 DUI's within a 10 year span. I was in high school when I heard about it, and I didn't even hear about it from my parents. I found out from my best friend whose parents read about it in the newspaper.My dad dated several women, we would move in with them, they would break up, and all of us kids would never see each other again (kids of his ex-girlfriend). My mom later married a dentist and we suddenly had a lot of money and new experiences and opportunities. We took a trip to France and Italy, we did fun things on the weekends, and we moved into a super nice house on the lake. I felt very fortunate and my mom would always remind us of how fortunate we are.Things were much better and I did feel very fortunate. Throughout middle school, I was a very happy kid. I had lots of friends, as I was an agreeable and likable person. However, when high school started rolling around I started developing an anxiety disorder and had times of depression as well. However, you'd never think it if you knew me. When I was with people, I was happy-go-lucky, goofy and fun, and agreeable. I also got pretty decent grades and was a good student.Things started not feeling right. I felt more and more lost and confused. An important thing to note is many of the friends I had as a child all had very manipulative and dominating personalities. In middle school, my friends bullied me. But I was a clowny person so I took it lightly. But it was very hard for me to make friends in highschool when my friend group started going separate ways. Everyone at my school loved me and said I was "the sweetest, nicest person". In reality, I was a people pleaser and a door mat because I felt abandoned by my parents and had fear of rejection. I found it hard to form new close relationships and my anxiety, especially social anxiety, worsened. I dated a couple guys who I dated simply because I was afraid to say no and the relationship went on for months because I felt bad breaking up with them.I tried to fill this feeling of emptiness and lack of self-knowledge with religion, as the dentist my mom married was catholic so she pushed catholicism on us. I got so into it and I even thought I would become a nun one day. I was so attracted to it because of one verse in particular that said that God the Father would never "abandon" me and at this time I felt abandoned by my parents. From then on I was obsessed with it and was almost delusional from it. (Note: I do respect the catholic religion and other religions, but the way I used it to cover up emotions and fill the gaps in my life was damaging, not to say everyone who participates in religion does the same thing.)Okay since I basically told you my life story I'll try to sum this up as much as I can now. Currently, I'm 17 years old and I'm struggling with an anxiety disorder that I've had for more than 4 years. I finally have an appointment set with my therapist (it took years for me to ask for help as when I'd tell my mom about it she would say she'd set me an appointment but never would and would taunt me for having anxiety. She has anxiety herself so I think she negated it because of some stigma I don't know)Anyway, I grew up with some instability in my family, but I was financially supported and my parents made ends meet. I wasn't beat up upon coming home every night. My mom ended up marrying a caring man who also gave us insight into opportunities and possibilities. However, growing up with a lack of discernment for my feelings and me worrying more about my parents made me learn to put others' feelings before my own. When you meet me, I am agreeable, I'll laugh at your jokes, I'll do nice favors for you, but there's something deeper going on. I love my parents; however, the way I was raised and what they failed to provide in my childhood will always be a shadow as I head into adultlife. To be honest, I feel so much resentment toward them right now. It wasn't until I journaled for 4 years, trying to sort out my emotions one by one, each emotion I never was able to feel in the moment until I realized I had a right to validate my feelings. I realized that I have needs and how to ask for things I need, because as a child, when I asked, I wouldn't receive. The anger I felt towards my parents was suppressed by guilt and shame. I grew up with many good things and I should be fortunate. But it wasn't until I could validate those strong feelings that I could realize I deserve to heal. I deserve to put my feelings above others. I deserve to have a sense of self and I deserve to feel loved. And you do too. We all do. So if you read this and can relate and think you grew up with some form of childhood emotional neglect, I hope you can get help like I will be and learn to validate your own feelings and love yourself.
My half-brother molested myself and a few female cousins. We met him back in 2010. (He was adopted, and found us by searching online and connected from there.)He has a wife, and two children, male and female ages 19-21.My side of the family knows everything... I was the one who spoke out about the molestations, and a few other cousins came out. Everyone dropped my brother, turning their backs, suggesting counselling. I wouldn't be surprised if he never went. He went so far as to ask for sex with one cousin, and showing dick pics to another cousin. His entire adoptive family does not know, as well as possibly his wife and kids. He told my aunt if his adoptive parents really knew what went on, he'd kill himself. I worry about his daughter, honestly. Another issue, they welcome exchange students into their home, and have them stay there for the school year. I remember my brother saying how attractive one was, and didn't mind if she hugged him.Now, my brother's kids are amazing, and have bright futures ahead of them. My mother and I are struggling whether to tell his wife or not... I know they'll divorce, no question about that.I worry about their children, and their futures... No one wants to hear that their own father molested his own family members. That would be absolutely devastating. Reddit, what should I do? Should my family and I tell his wife, or just let the whole situation go? 
I am currently going through what will most likely end up in being a domestic abuse case within my family. I am not ready to talk about it, I am still going through it as we speak, but what you need to know is that my father has began to physically abuse me, whilst terrorizing my mother and little sister in the process. I am a male, almost out of the house, I'll be gone in a year, and he has began to act this way for unknown reasons, but those reasons are irrelevant at the time. I am curious because he took my xbox one, and I believe that he has destroyed it, and if he hasn't already, he will soon. Now before you cast this away as a cringey kid who is crying and throwing and throwing a temper tantrum because his dad deleted his roblox account, you need to understand that I don't care about the xbox, it's the principle of it, the fact that it is the first huge purchase I have made for myself ever. I saved up for months, I bought it with MY money, and I own it completely. Am I able to hold him responsible for this? I'm a minor still, and I have never had to deal with a situation like this before, and I'm wondering if anyone can help me out. I understand that there is a much more obvious issue to take care of, but I am thoroughly offended that he is able to steal and destroy what I and ONLY I own because he is my "father" and I'm 17. Thank you if you took the time to read this, it's just good to know there's other people who care I guess. I might end up telling my story eventually, once I'm out of this whole mess, I'm just gonna need time, this isn't easy for anyone but him.
My mother is abusive. No doubt about it. She abuses and manipulates every member of our family (myself, my dad, and my brother who is 12 years my senior.) My dad works from about 3PM-4/5AM the next day almost every day. My older brother lives with his fiancé. I'm 17 currently and I'm the only one usually at home, so I get the worst of it. Recently, I've been encouraging her to be less judgmental of others. Literally, I'll just say, "well that girl didn't do anything wrong to you, you shouldn't hate her." and she immediately starts screaming about how she understands that I hate her. I've told her time and time again I love her, but she keeps insisting that I hate her. She says that I call myself a victim, when in fact I just keep to myself. None of my friends know what goes on at home. When she's upset she goes on about how much she's abused by me and everyone else in her life, and how she has always been abused. She literally accuses me of everything she does. For example, I'll quote something she said to me, and she'll say that I actually said "you're a horrible person". Then she turns around a few minutes later and yells at me because I "always twist her words around and never listen to what she actually says." She physically abuses me on a fairly regular basis, throwing things at me, grabbing me by my hair, etc. I don't want to go to officials because that'll just make her abuse me more, and with my father's work schedule, I'll essentially be left without a parent. I just don't know how I'm going to make it until next September when I move across the country to go to college. I don't know what to do anymore.
I'm 18 and male. I'm gay and he was bi. We were childhood sweethearts. At first he showed me love. At first he looked into my eyes and kissed me with love. Then after he took my virginity all he seemed to care about was sex... he would call me a prude, he would say I had to have sex with him and once when he was drunk he forced himself upon me... when he found out I was talking to another guy, he hit me... and when I finally broke it off... he went around calling me a slut and a cheater... I feel disgusted that I let him do this... I am broken.
Throughout the years, I have been in several relationships...all really bad and all emotionally abusive. I've also been sexually assaulted a couple of months ago by one of my best friends (24m). Although I know what I want in a significant other, i'm somehow drawn to men who tend to ignore me and treat me awfully. The more distant they are, the more I crave to have there attention. You think that I would have learned my lesson, but whenever I have a weak moment and miss someone i'm into, I completely forget why I was upset or mad in the first place and make try and reach out to them. After the assault i've spiraled more out of controlI've also been on dates with really nice men. But the nicer they are the more bored I get with them.I'm at this point where these past relationships have completely destroyed my confidence and amped up my insecurities to the max.Is there something wrong with me? How can I learn to appreciate a normal relationship?
Hi all,I'm looking for a good writer with a background in psychology to co-author a book about my life as an abuse survivor. My writing is professional quality, but it's too difficult for me to write on this subject without someone skilled providing an editorial filter.If you are an author or psychology professional interested helping others through the sharing of experiences, I would be interested in talking to you.
So my father was deployed and came back recently. He had no front line combat, or combat in general. No PTSD. He's changed a lot though, and treats me like one of his lower-downs in rank. He constantly screams and swears at me, and whenever I tell my mother or threaten to, once she's out of the room or house, I get a beating or yelling of a lifetime. He thinks he's invincible, and I need a way to stop it. He can be very nice at times, so I don't want to report him to police, but I want to be able to help calm him or at least defend myself without getting myself into more trouble. Please help. He constantly verbally and sometimes threatens to physically abuse me.
I think my big brother might have sexually abused me as a child I have very old memories of him touching me over my panties when I was "sleeping" it was never aggressive or anything past that but I distinctly remember it. It wasn't many times but I'll never forget. He's not a creep or a pedo and we're very close as adults. I just can't ever shake that memory. I've never told a soul.
My parents aren't the nicest people in the world but they meet my basic needs such as feeding me, clothing me, and having me go to school. I even have a job. I've always been a little special when it gets to school because I have the hardest time in English and history. Here is where my question comes in... When my parents take everything away from me, take their anger on objects like chairs and plates, and isolate me from friends, is this technically abuse or simple discipline?
English is not my mother tongue so please be understanding.Hello, you can call me AL and I am a female. Anyways, my parents have been treating me like a prisoner, I am not being rude here but I'm telling you the truth. Almost every morning my dad would hit me with a belt at my body leaving marks. He sometimes slap me if I didn't obey him. He once forced me to sleep outside because I didn't come out of my bedroom the whole day. When I was 5, he used to lock me in a room to fold all the clothes, he would never let me come out until I finished. And about the same age my father would take showers with me, this had been going on for years until I was 8years old when I was embarrased of him. He yelled at me because I didn't want to take showers with him anymore. One time when I was 7, I woke up from bed and saw him right beside me. He was rubbing his hand against my private parts and it felt really uncomfortable, I moved away and suddenly he hit me, he yelled to why did I move.The other time when I was around 11 years old he hit me with a belt at the corner of the room for multiple times  until I wet myself. (I PEED) Everytime he hits made it feel really painful. He said he was doing this to teach me a lesson and to make me learn but is this the right way to teach your kids? To abuse them? Grateful I am writing this because if this abusing won't stop I think sooner or later I'll go mental .. Please give me some advice

Has anyone, to their knowledge, experienced memory repression of something like sexual abuse during childhood? It's something I've seen in movies and stuff like that, but I'm not sure how common it is in real life.I (19F) ask because I'm not sure if there's a chance that I experienced something like this and forgot about it, or if some of these things are just coincidental. I've always had a huge aversion to having my chest exposed or touched, I often have heightened anxiety during sexual experiences, and I get very nervous when I see a prepubescent girl without a shirt (I've babysat and had to help kids bathe, change clothes, etc). Last night I had a very long and detailed dream about someone who seemed to be a pedophile and was constantly watching me, touching me, and physically, verbally, and sexually abusing me. He was very manipulative and made it clear that I could not get rid of him.I honestly can't tell if this is just a fear of mine or if this is something that might have happened to me. I can't think of anyone in my life who would have done it.If anyone has experienced this and feels comfortable sharing about it, it would be really helpful if you could explain whether or not any repression occurred and how the experience has affected you in later life.
Hey. I'm just going to try and lay bare everything relevant that happened to me as a kid. I keep trying to tell myself that it is because of this that I am so fucked up and unable to be honest with people now.I'm gay, and when I was 11 I knew I was gay despite being in denial about it. An older boy (13, though he was actually only just over a year older) started being friendly with my in class which was awesome for me. I didn't have any friends at that point.I don't really remember if I liked him more than a friend or not when we first started hanging out I know I liked him a lot and thought about him quite a bit, but that's it.Eventually  (maybe two months after we became friends) he initiated sexual contact with me. At the time I loved it. I know at the very least at this point I felt obsessed with him. We didn't really talk about what we were doing, but sometimes we would put our hands down eachother's underwear and stuff like that. Often when we were already dressed down (from swimming or having a shower) we would just throw away the towels and start rubbing against eachother.Basically I was totally infatuated with him, but I don't think he felt the same about me. I wanted to go further for sure, and I tried a couple of times to initiate it but he'd sort of turn me down. We only did anything sexual when he wanted it. At this time I was looking forward to every single day going to school so I could see him, and when I had to go home without going to his house after school I'd be super suicidally depressed at home. I started making up stories to other people about how I had a twin sister who died at birth, and began "cutting" my wrists (really I just broke the skin and showed it to people so that they would feel sorry for me). At one point I told a friend about me and the other kid, and she of course spread it around the school.That caused us to fall out and that obviously hit me hard. I remember calling his mobile phone and leaving voicemails telling him I was Bi and that I liked him. He never really replied because he was hanging out with other people. I was being extremely clingy and I could see why he might resent me.We made up, but we had several falling outs over the years. The sexual undertones continued throughout all of it, though. Eventually another kid starting hanging out with him, and often they would team up against me and make fun of me. This particularly hurt me because of how much I liked him. He'd go weeks without talking to me, and then call me up when he fell out with the other kid.I wasn't a saint, though. Sometimes when he did stuff like that I would make up lies about him. I once went onto his MSN profile (yeah I know) and changed it to make it look like he was coming out as being gay. It was a horrible thing to do, but I did it.Eventually we stopped talking and I got over it, but I haven't even been able to have a healthy relationship with anyone since. Friends or romantic partners. I'm constantly depressed and paranoid that the people I care about don't really like me, and that I'm a burden to all of them. Sometimes I make up stories like my mum is ill just so people around me will feel sorry for me, and I feel awful about it.What is wrong with me? I'm terrified to go to a doctor about this. I haven't told any of my family. Was I abused as a kid or was my ridiculous attachment issues an indicator that I was fucked up before any of that?I don't know what to think. My life is so fucked. I feel so alone and want to kill myself all the time even though I'm surrounded by people that I can make laugh and who are always looking to spend time with me.
I feel so lost and helpless. Im currently living with my drinking parents. My wife and I get so scared even coming home sometimes.One time my mom was so mad (and drunk) at my wife we were so scared we stood upstairs for most of the day with minimal food.But I don't feel like it's abuse. And I feel like it's not worth it to leave. I also don't know how I can handle waiting so long. I'm very conflicted.I'll have enough money to leave and be secure in a few months. But am worried if it's the right thing to do. The problem is I love my parents when they are normal. I'd love to stay here and make enough money to just buy a home instead of hurrying and renting.And my mom always has me questioning and doubting myself. I always worry what she thinks and if she's right and I'm wrong.I just want her to think I'm smart.I don't know what I'm talking about, but I think I love her too much. I feel like Norman bates. Even watching bates motel makes me so damn uncomfortable. 
My step mother was very cruel to me, spit in my mouth, she abused me sexually, spit in my mouth and made me swallow, put my head in the toilet, beat me with frying pans and on each flight she ate my food and caused me to go hungry. She expects me to keep and feels entitled to my money.
There's a pattern in my relationships.I get her to say yes to going out, and for a week or so things are fantastic. The sex is good and enthusiastic- foreplay works, she's getting into it, I'm into it, we're going places, she's making time for me and I'm making time for her. Effort goes both ways. Then I fuck up. It doesn't seem big- I forgot the name of one of her friends or something. And then it's all downhill from there. Before I know it, she doesn't have time for me, starts embarrassing me in front of people, starts talking about all the things I told her in private. She does these things to hurt, because it's her way of showing that she loves me, right? I didn't understand that the lyrics "the more you suffer, the more it shows you really care" were satirical. To me, they were genuine and heartfelt.I tell myself if I could just stop fucking up, maybe she'd stop yelling, and start loving me. Maybe she'd stop putting me dead last in her life. Maybe she'd treat me better. Maybe she'd act like I matter.And right now, every night, I go home and I walk past a stack of love letters that were full of lies from all my exes, to go lay my head on an empty bed. And I tell myself that I'm not sure it's any better this way. I don't know if these past relationships are normal, or if my expectations are too high. Then I see videos on youtube of girlfriends surprising their boyfriends with something pleasant. In my head, I'm wondering when she'll start shouting, or if she's about to drop it on the floor and start stomping on it. It practically doesn't compute that she's doing something nice for him. I'm wondering what on earth he did to earn or deserve or to receive such a kindness or gift, or whatever else- that there must be some angle, some power play involved. Maybe after the camera switches off and she's shown his friends and family she is using it as political blackmail or as leverage.I don't know if I should be told that this isn't normal, in which case I can be relieved there is hope for better relationships and that the people I dated were exceptionally terrible/good liars in the love notes I have tucked away in my closet... or be heartened that these expectations are normal and that I simply have the wrong mindset about it and like James and the Giant Peach I just need to look at it another way.
So... throwaway account here,When I was younger, whenever I did something wrong, my dad would rage at me to the point where I was scared of him throughout my childhood. I felt there were many times where I felt ignored in that childhood. I never have felt close to my parents and I avoided them as much as I could out of fear of punishment. My mom and my dad don't seem to understand emotions completely. I'm pretty bad at remembering instances where I felt abused. I think my memory of them is just getting worse from over the years. 2 nights ago my dad was yelling at me in the car and I couldn't take it anymore and snapped at him saying "fuck you!", I always stay quiet and just deal with it. He then got even angrier, called me a "little shit", said "I do everything for you!" and threatened to leave me on the side of the road miles away from home. He apologized later, but it was just a "I'm sorry". I asked him to explain why he thought that was okay to say and he gave no explanation. My mom called and I told her about it and she says "well you know your dad has a temper. You shouldn't have done that". Yeah my dad has a temper, he has anger issues and saying what she said feels like when people say "well boys will be boys" to excuse any bad behavior they might exhibit. I think my dad and my mom both try, but they are flawed and I've been hurt and I have no friends, I don't love them, and I have depression, ADHD, and I have trouble just functioning on the most basic levels nowadays and I don't know where to turn... They DO provide me with financial support, but as far as emotional support, they often hurt more than they help. I just want to know if what I've explained here is abuse. I don't know if it might explain my depression and inability to function, but it might. I want to know if my problems are really caused by that because if they are, it might explain why all of the depression medications I've been prescribed just don't work. I'm going to fail probably all of my classes this semester and I've failed most of my semesters at college and I'm gonna wind up with a lot of debt because I couldn't function. My dad who brings in all the money will retire in 4 years regardless of if I manage to figure out how to support myself. I don't know what to do. I don't know exactly what I want from this post. Maybe it's just for someone to say "what you experienced was not okay", maybe resources on how to work through dysfunction maybe caused by abuse as a kid and throughout my later years (I'm 21 now), or maybe something else. I don't know. Nothing is probably going to get done today and I'll probably just sleep a lot today like I've been doing every day lately.Thanks for reading
I told a friend of mine I am being abused recently. The type of abuse I was mentioning was emotional abuse and sexual abuse. Here's the backstory. I tried telling people (the ones who abuse me it;s mostly two) that the sexual harassment and innapropriate touching was wrong. But they see nothing wrong with it because they are family. I have tried talking to them more than once it didn;t work. I have not spoken about the emotional abuse to them yet. Anyway because I am trying to get a job and earn money so I can leave the people who abuse me and get a place of my own. But that may take a while. Since my friend thinks I have not done enough to try and end the abuse she thinks it;s fake. SHe has even said I do it for attention or accused me of liking the abuse Seriously? I have tried to die by suicide because of the abuse. I am not making this up. I don't know what to say to her. It's hard to leave an abusive relationship(a family one) when you are not financially independent yet. I don't know what to say to her. But my friend is one of those people who helps others online and it bothers me that they would say this. Also when I tell them about the abuse "like I will describe what was said (I was called manic the other day) or where someone touched me days later if I go to talk to them again they will say something like(not their exact word's im paraphrasing) "you never really describe the abuse" yes I do It's just I don't think they get it. And because of this I feel I can't post publicly about my abuse online (on one of my private social media sites) anymore because my friend thinks it;s for attention and I don't want her to think it is. What do I say to them?
I can't take it anymore. I made an account just to post this. I don't feel happy at home. What I mean by this is that I don't technically have anything to be upset about. But I am. I think I may be verbally and emotionally abused.Here's some backstory to help you understand my life a little more. I am 13 years old (female) and I live on the east coast of the US in a very safe neighborhood. I have no siblings, and this often causes me to feel lonely and like a solitary figure moving through the world. I am homeschooled as well, so I have less friends than many people. My family has a dog, although she likes my mom the best. I personally have a guinea pig. She is mine and only mine, and having her gives me a sense of comfort. I take care of her very well, and I am very diligent in cleaning up after her and tending to her needs.Here's where the trouble starts. I have always been homeschooled (although I went to some of kindergarten and 5th grade), and I am home for most of the day. (I'm currently is 7th grade, fyi). My dad works full time and my mom is unemployed (she chose to stay at home, but she has a degree in speech pathology).While I certainly don't expect my parents to be perfect, they each have their problems. These problems are very serious though. Oftentimes, my parents and I will be having a normal conversation, and suddenly it turns very toxic. I am not sure how it happens; my parents say it is me, but even if it is me who started it, my goal is not to argue. It was an accident. However, my parents' reactions are getting out of hand. It used to just be the occasional "hey! Cut it out!" But it has now turned into hours of arguing.My mom swears at me several times a day, today being one of the worst where she told me to f*ck off. Oftentimes my mom will shame me based on things I can't control. I naturally have a dry and itchy scalp, and she will often reprimand me for scratching it, saying I am an unclean person. My dad is big on shaming as well. If I do something (even if I am unaware of it) that he doesn't like, he will become literally deranged. He will shout at me, and throw things across the room. He will force me to stop whatever I am doing, and he will use physical force if needed. Several months ago, I fell asleep on the couch while watching TV. It was time to go to bed, and I was very tired. So, his response was to slap me across my side. I still felt it the next day. That's only a handful of things that happen daily in my household.I will often seclude myself in my room and cry until I am unable to do anything else. I feel so alone, and that there's no one else in the world who's looking out for me. Whenever I am shown any love (by aunts, uncles, etc.) it makes me feel uncomfortable. I am happiest when I am on my computer chatting to some of my online friends. I feel closer to them than I do to my parents or real life friends. I have told them what is going on, and they have been a huge help to me. However, my parents don't like it when I am online too much. My mom says it is "frying my brain." That brings me to my next point.My mom was threatening to make me go to school (totally fine by me, I would love that) when I told her   how I would love to go to high school. She then replied by telling me that I couldn't go to high school since it requires preparation that I wasn't prepared to do. That literally crushed my soul. I have longed to go to school ever since I can remember. I feel so broken, yet I have everything any other kid like me would want. I have a nice house, a huge backyard, a dog, a guinea pig, a phone, a computer, and yet I am so unhappy. I would rather trade out everything I have (except my guinea pig, she is the only thing that keeps me sane) than have to deal with what I am going through.Please, can someone offer any advise, or at least tell me if I'm being abused or not? I really just need someone to talk to. I wish I was never born, and I really do not like how my life is working out right now.Thank you for reading about all of my misery. Maybe it has helped you feel better about yourself in your own life.

My abuser called me not too long ago. She left a message saying she loves me and will always be there if I want to come back to her. I'm thinking about sending her the letter below, but am not sure if I should or not. "Catullus 85I hate and I love. Why I do this, perhaps you ask?I do not know, but I feel it happening and I am torn apart. You called a little while ago and I couldn't answer. My night was perfect before that and then this call came in. After listening to your message, I wrote a four page letter. It was too hateful to send, but it was truthful. Truth about my feelings is not something that I can share with you. I wanted to be able to be truthful for so long and I tried, but I don't think you ever really listened. You made so many broken promises and have straight-up told me that my feelings aren't real. It is easier to not tell you the truth, but here are the less hateful bits:There was a time when I tried to stop loving you, but couldn't. I miss you. For a long time, I wished I could have only the good parts of you. Our relationship has taught me that people don't work that way. We have to take them how they are or not at all. I can't reach out to you without talking about what happened to Josh. He put his hands on my brother's neck. I couldn't protect Josh. I was like his mother. He called me mom when you weren't around and you let him be hurt. When you and Steve would fight, it terrified me. I can't imagine how terrified he must have been. You had to threaten to call the cops and you still let things continue. How dare you put yourself ahead of their well being like that. Why are we not good enough for you to protect us? What did we do to deserve for you to treat us like this?You keep putting yourself in these mutually abusive situations and I don't know why. Maybe you like it. Maybe you just don't know how else to live. I spent a lot of my childhood trying to fix that. You made me feel like a failure for not being able to stop you. You hurt me. You let me down. You let me down for the ten thousandth time. And you continued to let me down. I can't believe that you told the kids that I not working because of Andrew. You do not get to say anything you want just because you are mad at me. You made me feel crazy. You made me feel unsafe and I was right for feeling so because you put Josh and Becca in an unsafe situation. You made me feel guilty for having feelings. You made me feel unworthy of being loved. You made me feel less than human. Last time I said you let me down, you told me you would always let me down. That's just an excuse to not try. It's a cop-out. There were many points where I actually decided to kill me hope that things would get better,but those words made it a hole lot easier to kill that hope.I can forgive you for many things, but I can't keep doing the same thing and expecting a different result. Our relationship was unhealthy for so long that I don't know how to have a healthy relationship with you. I don't know how to be the person I want to be when you're in my life. I can't live while being torn apart like that anymore. FatKitty"Should I send it?
I go back and fourth in my head from her being a toxic monster, to her just being hurt and that I can help/fix her. Any advice/help would be much appreciated
I'm currently a 15 year old male, and have been dealing with an abusive step father since 2005. I'm afraid that my mother is now insane from the abuse. Here's the backstory on this madness.2001, the year I was born. After my mother broke up with my biological father due to his substance abuse, (I've met with him every Christmas for the past two years, and he's a chill dude) she turned towards a loser that she dated in high school. My older brother recalls that the first day Allen (step father) visited our old home, he had sex with our mother. Over the course of a few years, my brother would witness Allen cussing at my mom, insulting, threatening her and acting like an overall douchebag. When my brother was 12 and decided to confront Allen, this resulted in a slap to the face with force that made him spin. He told me that our mother screamed and didn't do anything about it, also blaming the incident for the migraines he receives from time to time.In 2005, my mom wound up in the hospital for brain surgery after receiving a blood clot. Allen and my mother constantly write it off as "a car crash," but my family knows the true cause. My grandmother overheard my mom discussing the cause with a cousin, explaining how my stepfather hit her in the head. My brother describes my mom as not being the same since the brain surgery, and I've begun to notice it as well.When I was younger, my mom would always take me to my stepfather's trailer home despite my refusal. I hated going there due to exposure of degrading language, threats of and or acts of violence, and fear for our lives. I always hid in the closet due to being scared. My stepfather always talked about how my real father doesn't love me or my siblings, calling him a crackhead and even creating a false story. These were all lies, which he still spouts today. Now, about the abuser.Allen is a man with diabetes and cigarette addiction, having a short temper as well. He often get defensive and tries to intimidate anyone who even dares to offend him, often threatening to kick "all of our asses" because we are "the most rudest people he has ever met." I've tried to have discussions with him about his relationship with my mother, and he denies it when I point out all the senseless arguments and bad treatment. He often verbally degrades my mom inside her own home, threatens violence against her, and tells her to shut up whenever he doesn't agree with something she says. I swear, he has sex with my mom every time he spends the night. I'm pretty sure she doesn't want it, but submits anyway due to fear of getting hurt or killed. He's been divorced at least two times, and has previously abused his other wives. He's also a "Christian" and has somehow felt the Holy Spirit several times, telling me that I'll burn in Hell because I don't believe in God. In late 2013, he pulled a BB gun on my mother and I for trying to leave his trailer.My mother often yells and acts aggressive, probably side-effect of how Allen treats her. Whenever I try to tell her to get a restraining order on him, she usually says that she'll "talk to someone" about it. She is very insecure about herself, an easy target for those who maniplulate others. The brain surgery really messed her up.Talking to Allen's mother about the 15-year long abuse only resulted with the advice of "just ignore it" and "he loves her very much." My brother and I concluded that my mom listened to the false advice and took it as truth.On October 30th, 2015, Allen kicked my brother in the stomach after he once again invited himself over, which my brother and I never wanted when we moved into my mom's new house. He then went to his truck to possibly retrieve a weapon, screaming "You're history!" Before he could do that, my brother jumped on the truck and began attempting to talk with him. The police arrived after he quickly left.This post is probably too long, so I'll summarize up the events currently. My mom recently got a restraining order on Allen but quickly dismissed to because he cried about "not having the
So I'm 14 I live with my family I have a total of 5 siblings and two parents my real mom and step dad and I have for all my life been really insecure and that's because of my family my family is a Looney bin my mom has mental problems so does my older sister and my older brother my other older brother my twin brother has it the worst and my step sister and my step dad is an alcoholic I am the only normal one I on a daily take care of my family let's start with my mom she is a good women who has a lot of problems she got pregnant when she was 15 she has mental problems that I'm not sure she knows about it or really good at hiding it for example I was just on the computer and she ask me can I make her something to eat (she always makes me make her food) I said sure what do you want she said never mind forget it I said ok then about 5 minutes later she comes in and says get off the computer i said what did I do she said if you can't make me something to eat then you can't have this. She gets really petty over nothing and sometimes acts jealous of me and if I get hurt instead of asking if I'm ok she say nothing or say did you really just do that. Now on to my step dad there's not about him but he's an alcoholic drinks almost every night and gets so drunk he hits my brother's and that's about it from him because now a days he's traveling for his work. Now my siblings my two older siblings don't live with us but I have 3 siblings that still live with me my two brothers always call me names they abuse me on a daily they pull my hair,  punch,  slap, or anything they can to hurt me My step sister she is so jealous of me if I do something she's has to do it have it she doesn't she gets mad a complains to her dad to get her way she also likes girls which isn't bad but she is sexual attracted to me and when we were young I remember she said when should play this game and I was younger so I thought this game was ok (she is younger then me by the way) and she touched me down there and when I get older about 8 or so she would always go under my shirt and touch my breasts (also my twin can be very sexual and he has tried to touch me especially when I sleep) so I have been going through so much abuse my entire life physically, emotionally,  sexually, abuse and don't get me wrong we do have some good times like I remember when I was younger we were all playing Monopoly and laughing and playing but just like that within 2 seconds it all gone and I feel lonely again what I wanna know is if I should say or go I have a nice voice and really wanna become a singer but my family is always telling me I suck and will never become successful because I'm useless and there are so really nice people who are willing to help me with my dream and even adopt me but to do that I would have to cut all ties with my family so what should I do I wanna leave but I feel if I do I will be frowned upon and feel like I'm a terrible ( I have a big heart and take things very personal sometimes idk why) so in all honesty what should I do?
For starters, i don't see the point in a throwaway account because if you can't embrace your past, how are you supposed to fix your future. So a recent question about sexual abuse victims triggered a thought. But before i ask, here's some back story. At the age of 2, i was placed into a foster home with my 2 sisters. Later i found out it was because my father was a pedophile and my mother was a prostitute, i digress. So the mother at the foster home fought for 5 years with the court to adopt the 2 girls but made it quite clear they didn't want the boy. When a friend of theirs told them that they would get money from the government for all 3, yearly. I was then adopted at the age of 7 but told for the next 11 years that i was a guest in the house, their to do housework, and nothing else. My "mother" spent 11 years beating me daily. I was stabbed, burned, strangled, they attempted killing me 9 times by drowning, hanging, and breathing in mixes of bleech and ammonia. Followed up by going to church to be a God-loving "family." I was told that if i talked about it to anyone, i would never be able to see my sister's again and it would be my fault if anything happened to them. Out of fear, i stayed, worried what the consequences would be if i left. My sisters were bribed not to talk with whatever they wanted included a horse, vehicles, college tuition payed for, everything. But this isn't what effects me the worse.With all of the physical, emotional, mental, and psychological abuse i suffered, what effects me the most was sexual. Starting at age 9, my brother (12) would molest me. He started just with touching, but it led to me forced to perform oral sex on him. In the coming years it led to forced swallowing and the forced anal penetration. This led to the conflict of if i was gay and sexual frustration followed massively.I tell you all this, not as a pity story, but merely to ask a question. I have suffered anxiety, depression, anger management problems, ptsd flash backs, panic attacks, mood swings, incompetency sexually, self harm, suicidal ideation, hormone imbalance  and it effects my life absolutely every day. After 6 years in counseling, i have been able to imporove quite a lot and am finally more "successful" than i was told i would ever be. I know there are peoplr who have had it WAY worse than i did, but if you feel obliged, i would like to hear your stories, how/if you could overcome them, and what lasting effects it has on your body/mind. I hope that i was able to help at least one person by writing this. I am now much better off. I am independent, have my own house, car, and job at age 23. I work 96 hours a week, to hopefully be more than just a statistic. I have came out as pansexual, gender fluid. I have an amazing girlfriend that supports me 100% of the way and understands the problems i have to deal with and i am so lucky to have her. Thank you all for taking your time out to read this.
X-post with /r/survivorsofabuseI've been abused pretty much since I was a child. As a child, I was beaten and had my life threatened and because of that, I grew up highly sensitive to signs of abuse. Does not mean I avoided it later in life though. When I was 14, I was molested for the first time on a mall escalator. I tried to tell myself it was nothing since the guy "only" caressed my arm. Even if it was for a long time. When I was 15, a man molested me on the bus by caressing the side of my breasts and pressing up on me. I was scared and froze for a while before finding courage to exit the bus. I'd never been touched by a man before that and felt so sick.Since then I absolutely hate it when a man sits next to me on the bus (I noticed it happened especially on the bus and much less so on a train). I tense up a lot, feel defensive and stare at his hands. Can't breathe properly. There is a stark difference in how relaxed I feel once the seat next to me is empty again. This still happens daily and in fact just happened. I am 40 now and it was only this year, that I realized it was that incident that scarred me for life. I've since had boyfriends who weren't kind to me and weren't faithful and the last one raped me once and had fantasies about killing me (he said so) and once threatened to kill us both by speeding and zipping in and out of traffic. The only time he was nice to me was when he was on drugs and he would blame me for it. He would invent things I didn't do just so he would have something to throw in my face because I was a more expressive and eloquent speaker. But I hate being accused of something I didn't do. I'm 40, live with an emotionally abusive sister, have been in 3 relationships including 2 very long term ones and do not know what it feels like to be truly loved by a man. I am not saying they did not love me in their own way but I just don't feel it. I thought I did then because I wanted to believe it was better than it was. I play the role of the strong one and the counselor among my friends but have no one to turn to (yes I did try - I get lost blank looks). I don't tell any one this much detail. I tried a counselor but she got uncomfortable talking about sexual abuse and kept yawning coz she's overworked. I have no money for an expensive psych. I do not know how to get past all of this. I have been single since 2011 and genuinely, only 10-15% of the time miss being in a relationship. They feel like way more trouble than they are worth and maybe I'll die a crazy car lady, whatever. I don't believe I won't be hurt badly again coz, well, I seem to a magnet for this shit don't I? I really do think I'm a great gf and a really good person and to be shallow for a while, I look way younger than my age and have always been told so. I want to be better emotionally. But how do I heal from the abuse? TLDR: how to heal from lifetime of abuse? 
Hey reddit, So, I'm sad. I don't live at home anymore, because I'm at uni (thank God). When I was, he emotionally blackmailed me and belittled me, too, but he treats my mum so much worse. It breaks my heart, because she just can't see it. Not until someone else points it out. And even then, she makes excuses for him, or pretends it isn't as bad as it is. I know that's normal for abuse victims. Doesn't make it less heartbreaking. 
Just to start, please don't tell me to leave. I have no support to live on my own.I have severe ocd, depression, panic disorder etc etc and have done since I was about 13. I also think I have aspergers (but this is undiagnosed).  My mother uses awful words against me (C word, retard, says i am brain damaged etc)She has numourous times chased me upstairs whilst hitting me where I lock myself in my room. Recently she pushed my throat whilst I was holding my puppy.So tonight - She has dyselxia and told me she wants to get Sky TV again to watch certain documentaries. I suggested she use the app on our freeview. She blamed me for not writing down the sequence (fair enough). I said why can you use the BBC app but nothing else? (see, this is why i think I have aspergers. It was a genuine question and not me trying to be rude. I also have ADHD so my impulse control is awful)Call me cow, idiot etc. Shouts so loud she scares puppy. In a flash I get the phrase "the victim is never the cause of the abuse". I dont know where that comes from, but impulsively I say it. She then says it is my fault and everyone in my future will have to abuse me because I am so intolerable.Please, I need some reassurance. I'm sitting in my room about to cry because I feel so alone. I've never told anyone about this.
I'm so confused, my heads spinning. I'm being constantly told that why we argue is my fault. Why he puts his hands on my is my fault. So, I think it's my fault. Backstory: we've been together for 6 year and have three kids. He's always had a temper. And normally it's set off by me doing something small. He instantly goes for yelling. I'll tell him to calm down (normal voice then slowly getting louder). It usually ends with him saying horrific things about me (go to is cry baby bitch,because I'm crying) Sometimes it ends with him getting in my face, me pushing him away and then him either hitting me or grabbing me and leaving bruises. (Last time I had our baby in my arms and he grabbed me and shook me hard enough to leave bruises the shape of his fingers on my elbow. I kept screaming to leave me and the baby alone. But he told me I was just trying to get people on my side m, being manipulative) When he's calm he then tells me how he wouldn't do it if I acted a certain way or didn't get on his nerves for doing something or pushing him away from me. I'm now left wondering is it me? Do I provoke him when I push him away so he gets out of my face? Am I really that horrible of a person that he needs to tell me all the time that the relationship is horrible because I'm a horrible person? I'm so sorry it's so long. Thank you for reading. 
Hi Reddit. Welcome to my throwaway. I 22F have been with my boyfriend 34M for 4 years. It's been a rocky 4 years. He's a very possessive and controlling person, and has been since the beginning. We are working on reducing the ways in which his insecurities manifest themselves and improving our communication. There is still a lot of work to be done. When we get into arguments, he likes to resolve them right there and then, on his terms. I like to take space and  recollect, then meet again when we aren't heated. He occasionally goes too far and does something to me that I KNOW is abuse. I know it is because of the way it makes me feel-- unsafe, violated, disrespected, afraid-- a whole cocktail of emotions. My boyfriend has taken to physically restraining me when he doesn't want me to leave a conversation with him. He will force his weight on me, straddle me and hold my wrists down, bear hug me, or otherwise use his physical force to keep me where he wants me at the time. I ask him to please stop touching me. I cry, scream, and attempt to fight him off. This only makes it worse. I am hoping someone here can shine a light on what *kind* of abuse this is considered, so that I can research it, maybe begin some sort of self-therapy to cope, and ultimately free myself of it by walking away or seeing my partner truly experience a change. I recently learned through Reddit what gaslighting  is and it's been immensely helpful to try to protect myself from it simply because I am cognizant of its existence. I am hoping someone here can offer a direct term for this. He has manifested his frustrations this way on 4 different occasions. 1. About 1 year into our relationship, I am ashamed to share that I cheated on him. I confessed to him that I did so. He became very angry and hostile, arguing with me in our bedroom. When I tried to leave to spend the night at a friend's house, he pushed me onto the bed and held me down with his body weight, pinning my wrists. I wrestled with him for about 30 minutes, crying, screaming, and trying to escape. Eventually I broke free and got out of the house by jumping off of our 2nd story balcony (barefoot ugh). He used the indoor stairs and chased me outside about 1/4 of a mile until he finally turned around. He went out of town that week and we began making amends via text, and worked on our broken relationship when he returned. 2. I honestly don't remember what sparked this argument, but the same thing happened again. He becomes very agitated over even small things, and I locked myself into our bedroom to get some space. He broke the door down and restrained me, forcing me to have dialogue with him. He also shattered my phone on this occasion by throwing it against the wall. He is very obsessive about having access to my phone, email, online accounts etc. This has since improved. 3. The next time it happened was early this summer. The argument was again, about something menial. I wanted to leave the house to do some late night grocery shopping. He was frustrated about the logistics of our busy schedule that week and didn't want me to leave to shop. He tried to prevent me from leaving the apartment. I threatened to call the cops and followed through. He very quickly left when I had them on the line, and wasn't there when the female cop arrived. I was shaken and gave her a statement. I ended up moving out of our apartment and in with my dad about a week later. By the end of the month I had moved back in with him because I cannot afford the gas to commute from my dad's place. 4. I am writing this post now because it happened again this week. We were out of town on "vacation" (trying to finish our scuba certifications-- every godforsaken time we travel to try to complete them, the surf reports change drastically when we arrive and it's too rough for us to dive. We only completed 2 of our 4 open water dives.) He was in a pissy mood that our dives were cancelled, and I pushed the envelope by saying that I would go do my own thing for the day as I didn't want to spend my vacation with someone in a sour mood. It really set him off. He again wrestled me to stay and force dialogue with him. I cry violently when he does this, and essentially shut down all functioning. When I eventually wrestled free and went to the bathroom to shower, he ripped open the curtain to yell at me and turn the water off repeatedly. He grabbed at my wrists to pull me out. I have a bruise on my neck from the weird contorting positions I have to use in attempts to free myself, though he never places his hands on my neck. He eventually calmed down and coaxed me back into bed to cuddle and talk it out. This time though , it all felt different when he began to restrain me. I felt all the oxygen inside of me and outside of me disappear, like I couldn't breathe even though I was going through the motions. My chest felt a crushing terror, like my heart was both hyper active and also completely numb. I felt what I imagine people with genuine anxiety and panic disorders feel-- like every moment of fear and dread and pain and hopelessness that I've ever felt in my life was being relived and funneled into 10 minutes of existence, compounded with the adrenaline of constantly fighting a 200 lb man off of me. I was exhausted. I know my relationship is full of red flags and flaws. This behavior is the tip of the ice berg in terms of things that make me want to run for the hills. But this is the first time I've ever felt such intense terror and it was a giant wake up call. Everything else that I dislike about this man, this relationship-- I have been able to turn a blind eye toward. But this visceral reaction I can't stop worrying about. What kind of abuse is this?TL;DR: my boyfriend physically restrains me against my will, usually as a response to my attempts to leave an argument/situation. What kind of abuse is this considered?
At the age of sixteen I walked away from my abusive father. In my almost 21 years I've only really met four people I'd consider "evil", the way I see it everyone else is just fumbling through life or has been through something that's made them a cold and unkind asshole. However, there are four people I believe were straight up born "evil", psychopaths who take pleasure in hurting others, in making others suffer. Two of these were people I was in high school with. The kind of kids who'd torture small animals for fun and beat up the kids with special needs as they couldn't defend themselves, the kind of kids who'd bring knives to school and threaten to slit your throat. I wouldn't be surprised if one day one of them turns out to be a murderer of some kind.The other two were my father, who was a complete monster who now thankfully lives in another country and someone I dated, my second girlfriend in fact. When I walked away from my father I told myself that things were going to get better, that I was free of his abuse and that he would never lay a hand on me ever again. The option was there too. He and my mother had split up and were living in separate houses. It had taken her years and he played dirty to get full custody but the court settled on something a bit "more fair"He'd never been a father. When he'd been present he was only there to beat me, smoke and drink. Sometimes in that order. The rest of the time he was at work as a police officer specialising in child protection. What great fucking irony, right!?My sister (who he never laid a hand on) grew tired of him and ran away to live with my mother and me being a fucking idiot stayed behind. I thought I could change him. Even after 16 years of nothing but abuse and torment, after all the things he'd done I believed that he could change. I tried to change him like the naive little shit I was and that's when I realised he couldn't change, when I realised he was a monster. Before things could turn violent I left. Flash forwards almost two years, just under a month before my 18th birthday and things were going alright. I had friends, I was in a technical college. That's when I met her, or rather I met her mask. She lured me in like a goddamn anglerfish. At this point I'd already opened up to some of my friends about my father. Some of them were starting to look at me differently and treat me differently. Like I was made of glass. Someone must have told me because she used it to her advantage when luring me in. She told me a story about her hiding under her bed for a full day as she was frightened of her dad. I now believe this story to be bullshit of course. It's not what lured me in, as she told me this story when I was actually doubting the relationship at one stage and considering walking away. By pretending to be funny, interesting and sensitive she was able to lure me in and the two of us began dating in mid February. Now I'd like to point out that before this I assumed abuse, at least in terms of relationships was something that only happened to grown  women and that men were safe from it. That in cases they were always the ones carrying it out. I also had only been in one relationship before this, with a girl in high school who while she treated me like shit didn't actually abuse me. These two things are important to point out as it shows just how I could have missed or at the very least brushed off red flags at the beginning. Many probably came up that I brushed off thinking it was normal for a relationship due to lack of experience. She used this among other things to get inside my head and fuck around with it from the beginning.A few months into the relationship however, things took a turn for the worse. This was after she told me the story about her own father, causing me to want to stay and help her. I admitted that she had issues but that I could change her, I could help her. Again, she used this to get inside of my head.She played on that for a while and when that didn't work she started with the threats and blackmail. At this point I was in deep into the relationship. I'd already been beaten by her multiple times, not fighting back as I was afraid of hurting her and I told myself it was just her lashing out because she'd been through a lot or that I was imagining it. Like I said, she was inside of my head.When she made me split off from some of my friends and showed other behaviour I knew was abusive I stayed as she had her claws deep inside of my head.She told me if I left her she'd hurt herself. She told me she'd report me for abuse and get me locked up. This was after she did something that I know will probably haunt me for the rest of my life. She forced herself on me. She threatened me into doing it. Sometimes when I close my eyes I'm back there. She tried to convince me I imagined it or that I did say yes to it. At first that's why I didn't tell anyone. I was ashamed.Months pass by and things get worse, the beatings get worse but she never forces herself on me again. I tell her I'm thinking about suicide often and I attempt it multiple times. I think she's the only supportive person in my life and no one else gives a shit. At first this was a lie she'd been feeding me but eventually it became a reality as she made me push more and more people away. I notice she's becoming more distant but think nothing of it. She needs space, I say to myself. She was actually cheating on me with someone else, a friend of ours who was in a rough place. On the 12th of February she calls me and breaks up with me. She tells me she's grown bored of me, says "It's been fun...Well no, it's been an experience."In that moment it seemed to dawn on me the kind of person she really was as I reflected on the entire relationship. I knew what she was, a monster like my father and those two kids. I told her to go fuck herself and hung up. I wish I could tell you that was the end but it wasn't. She and her new partner who she convinced that I was the abusive one (as she had convinced me her father was abusive) played with my life. After a lot of healing, keeping to myself and trying different methods of finding support I made the mistake of trying to date again.The relationship lasted three months. During this time my ex and her partner fucked with it as much as they could. It, along with my sensitivity and my fear of intimacy became too much for my new girlfriend and she walked away. I can't say I blame her to be honest. It's been almost two years since I "escaped" from my abusive ex. While in some areas I've made progress, for example I found a new group of friends and managed to leave the house, I even got a  job. I still feel like shit. All the time. I seem to be considering suicide more and more often now and the 12th of each month is a very difficult day to get through. I can't live like this, this isn't living. The National Health Service is gone where I am, private therapy will land me in so much debt I'll end up homeless, support networks and groups only cater to women and children where I live and all the helplines are useless. I can't press charges against her as I'm afraid she'll turn a trial against me as she's a very good liar. I can't tell my new friends about what happened as when I'm around them I get to pretend that the abuse never happened for a few hours every week. I don't want that to change. Basically I'm up against a wall looking for some kind of support and I don't know where else to turn. I can't do this on my own and I've spent pretty much the last two years looking for some kind of support. I'm not willing to give up yet though. There's gotta be another way of getting through this that I haven't found or even considered yet.
Im a 40 yr old female that my mother abused. From early on my first memory is a cup being thrown and my lip needing stiches. Being told not to say what  really happened before getting to the emergency room, i think i was 4/5. Being beat sometimes to the point of hyper ventalating and tossed a bag to breath while her getting pissed for at me for doing so. Punched in the face as i slept , being woke up to help her search for something. Switch's, Her fists, Hammers, Belts or whatever was within reach being used for these beat downs. Being told i was worthless, Fat, Hated etc... pretty much my whole life. While she cherished the ground my younger brother walked upon and very rarely hit or put him down with cruel words. We have different dads and she was inlove with his. She never said anything nice about mine and although he lived across town i never knew him So she pretty much was a single mom raising us. Due to her (thinking she was doing me a favor by depriving me of food at times i wanted) i over ate at any chance i got and still do. I have the most beautiful aburn hair that she would occasoinally complement , and deep down i think at around 12/13 i devoloped trichotillomania as a way of destroying something she loved or myself to which i still struggle with on occasions. At 14 i started fighting back or defending myself, Running away, sleeping around and smoking cigs and pot. I moved out or got out at 17 and I got preg  and had my daughter at 18 only to have to go back and live with her. Mental abuse still endored through my pregnacy and  after i had my daughter, My mother was no help so i learned on my own how to take care of this lil baby. First night home with her and not knowing how to stop the crying my mother would yell for me to shut her up, Thanks for the support! I was lucky enough to meet my ex when my daughter was about 2 and shortly after moved with him. After meeting him any sudden movements by him caused me to flinch and he would say i didnt need to. We went on to have two kids together and long story short he saw what a pyscho she was. Were since divorced.  I blame not being loved or shown love growing up, caused me to  ruin my marriage cause i didnt know how to love or to be loved. She never really babysat or spent to much alone time with my kids when they were growing up but she acts like a grandma to my brothers. My kids grew resentment as they saw the favortisim growing up and my oldest has spoke her mind a few times to my mother on occasions, How do i put this.... When my mother made time for my kids only to try to justify her actions with a " U never called me/ Wanted to come around". My oldest daughters bday being maybe 4 days before my oldest nieces and being told by my mother she was broke and buying little to nothing for my daughter and lavishing my niece on hers. Theres so much more i could talk about concerning my life but i think you got a idea of what i delt with. I have since cut my mother out of my life after many times being told i was lying about some of what she has done to me, As i would occasionally confront her so she would admit and or apologize for her actions. She would always refer back to her mom abusing her and thats what she knew (i guess it was a acknowldgement in a way) But i was able to break the chain and NEVER beat or belittled my kids. So its been a least 6 months since ive spoken to her and she hasnt tried to contact me other than a f.b friends request that she retracted after my oldest chewed her out over something i cant renember. Forgive my spelling as you can see not my strongest point But please share a thought or idea. Thank you for taking the time to let me air out.
I tried this in the Advice section but only got one comment, and I desperately need some advice from fellow survivors. Please bear with me. My best friend, 30ish, just married her first boyfriend ever, 40ish, after 3 years of dating, during which he'd tell her how to dress (to look thinner), what to eat (for health) and how to walk and talk (to be more feminine), and put off physical intimacy for a time because she was curious instead of reverent, ruining his special moment. He'd be jealous of her celebrity crushes, and be mad about her hobby of shipping male pairings in fandom - the only thing that brings her joy in a life of little sleep and 7-day workweeks - and equate it to him watching porn (which she never had a problem with). Eventually they agreed that she'd keep her hobby out of his sight, but if he met up with her on her way back from buying them, he'd get angry about how she made him see them. Well, recently she went to a fan expo in secret, he found out by going through her phone's browser history, woke her up in the middle of night, and started a fight. He said he never knew this would bother him so much, but it was disgusting that a wife of his would indulge in such things. He wanted her to drop this hobby altogether out of "basic consideration" for him, since he quit riding the motorcycle and smoking for her (she never asked him to). He would ask if she married him to use him as a cover, and if she wasn't gay, "how can you expect me NOT to be hurt that my wife is using porn?" When she said all she did was walk around without buying anything, he stopped her with: "stop talking, cuz I'm this close to cussing you the fuck out."This fight went on for days, during which he cancelled all their date night plans, refused to look at her, touch her, or answer most of her texts, and slept on the living room floor (she says it's normal for him to cancel plans and refuse to do anything when unhappy). All of her local friends told her to do as he asks, because "face it, our hobby is of an underground world, and your husband is just being a normal man in these parts". My friend reached out to me and told me how every time they have a fight, it ends with him telling her that she needs to concede because she's a better person than him. She sent me screenshots where he threatened polygamy, sex tours, drugs, alcohol, and motorcycle-riding. She wrote him a pleading letter asking permission to question the fact that he went through her phone, to which he responded with choppy one-liners such as "think how I must have felt", "I don't care about bromance or that shit, but it does have bearing on sexual orientation, and I'm a heterosexual man of family and spouse and society", "I don't want to talk to someone who thinks in such morally corrupt ways", "My only great concerns are your lies and your crazy wild love for men", "take care of your lesbian porn needs on your own", and closed with: "You've hurt me deeply with such dangerous threats to our marriage that I have no more space in my heart to worry about you. It's too bad you hurt me so much." When she asked if he was threatening to break up with her, he said, "no, it's my desperate struggle of resistance", and when she said "you're saying things just to hurt me", he responded with "no, I'm just trying to heal what little I can from the hurt you inflicted on ME."I saw him switch from "gayness is abnormal and disgusting" to "you women who enjoy homoerotica are objectifying those poor gay men just like all the other bullies out there, so it's immoral" to "it's bad for your mental health so if you don't quit I'll start smoking too" to "enjoying porn speaks for emotional immaturity." When told he didn't seem bothered by her maturity before he found out about her hobby, he said, "I had hoped you'd become more mature and responsible after marriage"; when asked if a heterosexual society meant a more mature society, he said, "yes, I wish all of them would just die, this fight is stupid." When she told him that going on sex tours was adultery, he said, "so is your gay porn", and said it didn't matter that it was fiction. When asked if reading a murder mystery novel made her a murderer, he said, "reading such a thing would require swift explanation on your part." He claimed that gay fandom was a cult, and he needed to patiently wait for her to see the light. He also said it's as intolerable and unforgivable as surrogate motherhood. (My friend married only because cohabiting is frowned upon; she doesn't want to have kids, but says she'll have them as old-age insurance because government safety nets are not enough; when I suggested adoption, she said she might love them less than her "real" children, and when I suggested surrogacy, her husband thought it involved her sleeping with another man and threatened to sleep with another woman in that case, and got mad as he always does when she explains things that he doesn't know.) He added that "surrogacy is out of the question, and I absolutely forbid it, on grounds of economic inequality for those poor surrogate women."Then he started nagging her for MY opinion, while calling me, his so-called most respected friend, a derogatory term. He demanded that she describe his despair and shock, and ask whether it's fair that he go on sex tours versus her homoerotica. When she asked why his infidelity is physical while hers is emotional, he backtracked, "I'm not saying I'd actually go, I'm just saying that's how hurt I am right now". I answered that if he can't respect her hobby, they should rethink their compatibility. He immediately conceded, saying he understood that he can't control her life, so they should rethink their marriage - to which my friend panicked and begged him not to leave her. He began to talk casually about how they can now only be friends at best, talking over her as she sputtered her protests, saying it was too bad that she broke his dream of a perfect union, where each is a wing of one soaring phoenix: "No big deal, my ideal marriage is broken, I'll just have to stop caring for you like a daughter, and focus on myself. I'll get a motorcycle to blow this steam...oh, your model of love is probably wrong, by the way. Bye." That night, when she tried to talk and joke, he shot, "I'm still suffering from the aftershock; how can you act like nothing happened?" and refused to look at her, and mocked her for her "beautiful hobby". After talking to me about it, my friend dropped the word "abuse" onto her local best friend, who tried to come running to get those silly liberal ideas out of her negative head. But emboldened by me, my friend packed her things from the house where her husband sat with his back to her, refusing to acknowledge her, and she spent a night at a hotel. She went home the next day to find him apologetic - not about the things he'd said to her, but about the fact that he had shut the door and refused to engage when she asked for a conversation. Eventually he admitted that he realized how much he needed her while she slept in a hotel, and agreed that he acted immaturely and he was sorry (he would sometimes "apologize" in the preceding days by saying "I suddenly feel stupid", to which she'd wildly jump to proclaim her love and forgiveness), and he'd agree to see a therapist.I am an adult survivor of lifelong abuse from family, in addition to dating a copy of my mother because that was the only love I knew. Emotional abuse nearly drove me to suicide many times, and this friend stood by me all those years, and still gets angry about my family and my ex. And here she was, mustering the courage to tell him that she is scared of him, to which he said, "yup, it's because you're so dependent on me, you need to learn to stand on your own." I sent her reading material and gave her abuse-related vocabulary, but since everyone she knew stood against her, she asked me to back my claim up with word from my own friends. When she heard someone get angry on her behalf, she pressured him to meet her, saying it was obvious that he had also been abused and was deriving vicarious gratification from her situation. I asked if she thought I was deriving some sick pleasure from breaking up her marriage as a vicarious answer to my own past, and she denied it vehemently, but at best I feel that she was trying to regain her footing as the dependable comforter by putting someone in a victim's position; that she was using this person's pure intent as a way to make herself feel insightful or powerful. She immediately labels pretty women as "girls", cosplayers as "kids who want attention", or my other friend as "obvious abuse victim", and herself as "the smart, dependable, logical one". I sometimes feel like this best friend of mine, as caring as she is, doesn't really know me at all. When I told her that all of my friends agree with me, she still maintained that I'm overreacting, she's worried for my health, I need to calm down, and I'm attacking her when I texted her my thoughts as requested. This was literally within the same breath as her telling me that she learned from therapy how she had done abusive things to me. I finally told her that it wasn't hearing about her husband's actions that was giving me PTSD but her gaslighting language: "I need to call so I can calm you down," "I'm worried this will stress you out", "you might relive your trauma so I can't tell you about my husband anymore", "You're probably too excited right now after hearing what I said". I told her it was hurtful for her to label people and refuse to let them be more. This was the first time I told her that I was hurt by her all those years, and she immediately apologized as always: "if I actually did gaslight you, I'm really sorry", even though I explicitly told her which behaviors were gaslighting behaviors. Then she'd go into her story of what's been going on to make her act this way, etc., etc, and I feel like she really isn't listening. I tell her about psychopathic traits three times and she still acts like it's her first time hearing it. And she thinks that because she, her husband, and they as a couple are all now seeing a therapist, they'll all heal together (she refers to him as someone who is ill and needs to recover), and she can "fix" him over time. She thinks there is great hope because he was shocked to hear the therapist say that he acted like a child (my friend thought a teenager, but the therapist and I said toddler), told her that the husband "understands you, just has trouble accepting you", and apparently both couple's counseling and her private therapy "professionally concluded" that He Is Not An Abuser because he "didn't intend it, doesn't have an abuser's personality, it's just a result of his past experiences, and it's only abuse if you FEEL it is, which is your issues talking." They said he's not homophobic either as a result of further investigation; it's just a matter of two people with past hurts that were just misunderstanding each other. Furthermore, because she's finally seeing a lot of toxic patterns in her own behavior, she thinks her husband isn't a much worse person than she is - just endearingly childish - and together they can improve and become a happier couple. She believes her therapists, but I just can't accept their "professional conclusion", and regret suggesting couple's therapy when I didn't know the extent of his behaviors. My friend has admitted that she is bothered by how he was unfazed by her pleas and used her vulnerabilities to crush her further, but is determined to stay until he "heals", and says he's willing to learn and change now that other people are involved. I told her that this decision is a slap in the face of all abuse victims and gay people, and she agreed, and said she knows this is hurtful and she's sorry, but still wants me to be her friend. Is this just a victim's brainwashing talking? Or is it one of those cases where "I'm not racist, I just look the other way when people around me are being racist"? She says this is just another case of her pattern of complaining about something but not having the will to shake things up, so making excuses for not changing anything or leaving the town she hates. Is this just a lazy/fearful trait that should be respected, even if it means she uses it as an excuse to enable a bully? I care about this friend very much, but now I wonder if she has more selfish or toxic traits than I care to admit, and would eventually blend in with her husband. She has always watched out for me like a mother hen, but now I begin to wonder if this was a part of her playing the role as the adult guardian and placing me in the role of the naive, sentimental child. It hurts to wonder how much of her love for me is genuine. She says him crushing her when she shows her vulnerabilities, and saying gay people should die, are him just "talking strong to win", and I'm troubled by how she's ok with it. Where she lives, thinly veiled disgust for homosexuals is the new progressive norm, but so is a controlling marriage; if she can stand up against the latter, shouldn't she have the sense to stand up against the former? She says she chose him because he was the best man she could find in her deeply misogynistic location, and he taught her to curb her slut-shaming of other women. But I see that he is still threatened by women who use the word "feminism", and insists that feminists are man-hating radicals who try to be superior to men, despite me pointing to a dictionary. How do I reconcile my duty to stand with an abuse victim with my duty to denounce a homophobic, hate-speech-spewing, possibly narcopathic bully? Can men like this change? And if so, where do I draw the line for him, and for my friend who sticks with him despite his hate speech? How can I, a lifelong survivor of ongoing abuse, feel emotionally connected and safe with a friend who knows my story, and yet stays with a man she knows is abusive? At what point does she go from abuser to enabler? Am I overreacting by feeling devastated? How do I deal with my upcoming wedding where she promised to fly anywhere in the world for me as my best maid, with her husband in tow? I don't want to lose our friendship and this is killing me. Please help. 
Just in case anyone doesn't feel like reading the wall of text that is my last post to this subreddit, here's a summary.TL;DR: I ,26F, felt the need to leave my abusive father's household. The abuse consisted of sexual, verbal, and mental/manipulative abuse that has persisted since my childhood.I went to my father's house Friday morning and removed everything on my list of important "must have" things. Everything I could think of from important memory boxes to off season clothes hiding in my closet. Of course, most importantly, my computer. Though I will forewarn I am using mobile Reddit to post this. I was out of there over two hours before he was due home. My boyfriend wrote a note to leave, because I was too frantic to write or think clearly. After we left I arranged a new bank account, and withdrew all but $200 out of my existing account to deposit into the new one. That night my father called my boyfriend's phone three times, and left a voicemail each time. I heard the first two seconds of his first voicemail and panicked. He sounded furious, and yet calm. In a sort of stage where I'm not sure what he would do. After that the other calls were ignored, and the voicemails never listened to.The following morning my father drove approximately an hour to my boyfriend's mother's house. She was alone, but at least he presented himself to her calmly. She called my boyfriend's cell until he answered and then let my father talk to him. The topics were if he could throw out what I left, why to do about my direct deposits and to "have a nice life".That day I went out to withdraw $20 from the old bank account and got an "insufficient funds" message. My father had already taken around 4k from my account without telling me in the months before my move. But it still unsettled me that he felt the need to get that last $200 as well.That night my father made a facebook profile, assumably with the help of my mother, and "liked" my facebook artist page. I banned, then blocked him. He's said in the past he would never make a social media account and to keep him off all of mine.Today has been quiet, but my world is still spinning.I ordered The Courage To Heal Workbook and The Courage To Heal (For Women) for myself and Allies In Healing for my boyfriend.Any advice is welcome.
I need your recommendations that I can pass on to A friend. She (28f) is separated from her husband and the long story short is that the guy went and got himself in such a decrepit state that she's considering going back with him out of guilt.This is someone who physically and mentally abused her for the 2 years they were together so she's already heard it from me how bad of an idea that is and the fallacy of believing you can fix someone. This was her first relationship. I think she needs to hear it from more than just me me and she's asked me for things she can read to better understand her situation.Tl;Dr Friend in bad relationship, need book suggestions.
I'm sorry, I know this question has been asked loads of times, but I need to know if my boyfriend is being abusive. We've been together a year and a half. LOTS of stuff has happened but I'm going to talk about things that have happened after we had a 3 week break in May this year. I'm going to start out by saying I have BPD, I'm not the most stable person, so I do get emotional quite easily. This is why I don't know if I'm just overreacting. This is just a few of the things that have happened.-I try not to self harm but sometimes I do, and sometimes he's present in the house when I do it, normally I think he's asleep or he's watching TV when I do it. I SH by scratching my arms or hitting my head. If he catches me doing it, he threatens to kick me out the house. Or he'll grab my wrists to stop me from doing it and he's done it when I haven't even scratched/hit myself. I tell him he's hurting me and he just says 'good'.-There's been a few times when I've been crying (normally because he's upset me) and he covers my mouth with his hand to make me stop. I tell him that I can't breathe well and it makes me more upset but he doesn't let go. He's done it with a sock before, tried to gag me with it so I stop crying and afterwards he said 'look what you made me do to you'-If I try and leave the house and I say I'm not coming back, then he'll say he's leaving too and he implies he's going to kill himself. I felt like killing myself yesterday since he was just making me feel so shit so I left the house for a walk. I rang him whilst outside saying I need time out since I felt suicidal, and he said that he'll get a 'head start' if I wanted to kill myself. I told him I wasn't going to, I just need some air to get rid of the thoughts, but he started saying he'll do it. I came rushing back since I don't want him to kill himself. He said he wasn't threatening suicide, he was saying it 'hypothetically'. This has happened a number of times.-He always mocks me. I stutter sometimes and mispronounce stuff because I've had speech impediments in the past. I've told him before to not make fun of me. He still does, especially with my stutter and it makes me feel like shit.-He insults me more than compliments me. He'll call me fat and hairy and other insults on a daily basis and he'll defend himself by saying it's a joke. I've told him to stop, hasn't happened.-This one sounds weird I know but it frustrates me. His sex drive is a lot lower than mine, he's said before he could happily live without sex. He'll constantly turn me on and then leave me. I don't care about not having sex, but more than once a day he'll turn me on, ask if I'm turned on and if I say yes then he'll say something like 'that's a shame' and walk away. If I say I'm not turned on then he'll just carry on so I can't exactly back out of it. I hate how touchy-feely he is and I've told him but he still carries on.I just feel like I should get out. I'm homeless and I shouldn't be living with him since it's breaking his housing contract, and I have no friends/family to stay with. He does nice things, he always makes me food, he always says 'I love you' but I find myself avoiding certain conversations or situations with him. I don't tell him when I feel depressed anymore or suicidal since he'll get angry. I don't know if it's abuse. I'm sorry this has been a long post. He's so nice but when certain things happen, he blames me and he makes me want to die.
My boyfriend attacked me (again) last night.  I called my friend amid the abuse asking for him to help me (thankfully before my boyfriend ripped my phone from my hands) and he subsequently called the cops for me. This was the first time the cops have been called when my boyfriend has abused me.He, obviously, was arrested and put in jail.  Due to our state's policies, there will be an automatic no-contact order placed on us until this goes to trial.I want to know how long he will sit in jail before he is released?  We live together and I have no idea how to handle this.  Where is he supposed to go when he gets out of jail?  How is he supposed to get his work stuff and other belongings if there is a restraining order placed on him?
I'd like to give a little message of hope to those who have had a similar situation as mine. The constant monitoring of where you are stopped being cute. The isolation stopped being funny. The sexual assault stopped being romantic. This relationship makes you feel stuck. You never feel like you are in control of what happens to you. You think that with your looks and personality, this is as good as it is ever get and if you don't stay with him you will be alone forever. He will fill your head with awful words like whore, and slut, and dirt. He will degrade you in front of everyone you know. He will grab you and tell you that if you would just do what he says, it wouldn't have to be like this. Then you will start believing it. These things will become a part of your being. He will tell you how much he loves you, how he couldn't stand to be without you, how he will shoot the both of you right there of you try and leave him. He would rather see you dead than with someone else. And you worry for him more than you do yourself, because he's sick and depressed and thank god you are there for him. Then he will find another girl, and tell you nothing is going on and how dare you imply that they are seeing each other. Then he will leave you for her. He will leave you as the worthless, helpless, fragile creature he made you into. And you'll cry and wonder where it went wrong. Where YOU went wrong. And you will go over your conversations thousands of times in your head, wondering what you said to make him stop loving you. Then he will come back, saying he couldn't stop thinking about you. And he loves you so much. And he wants to marry you. And he hopes to have a daughter just like you wanted. And he starts to wonder if you slept with another man while he was gone, and he gets angry, and he hurts you. But you're so lucky that he didn't kill you. He reminds you of this so much you believe him. You love him so much. He's sick in the head but at least he didn't bash your head in like he really wanted to. But then you think about the other girl, and you ask him, and he says she was nothing. Just trash. And you think you are too, because he tells you every day. And you think that one day he will throw you out too. And you will get angry, and you will yell, and you will hit and get hit, and you will be scared. And you will pray for an escape, and you will get it. Because he will leave you again. You feel conflicted because you're supposed to be happy, but you can't stop being sad. And you will cry so much and want him back. But you will tell yourself that he is an awful person. And then he will come back thinking you could be his friend like you used to be, because you're the only one in his life who understands him, and the only one who has cared enough to stay. And you will believe him and stay with him. And you might be broken up but you are right back in his clutches. But then that will stop. He will find new girls, and soon he will forget about you. 5 months after the breakup, you will start to realize that those things he called you weren't imbedded into your being. You will find comfort in being alone. Your biggest worry will be your Spanish grade, not whether you will live through the night. And he will come back. Many many times. And say how much he misses you and he just wants to talk. And at first you will hate him and refuse, but once you find your value, you will be able to face him and smile, and show him you don't need him. And you will be friendly yet distant from him, and it won't hurt. Maybe he will suck you in from time to time, but you will always have the ability to find your way back out, and you will know that, and he will know that. And you will finally have control. It gets better. It gets so much better. 
When I was in the eighth grade, a boy who I had never interacted with -only seen on the bus for three years- attacked me on our way home. We were in the middle-ish area of the bus when he suddenly was next to me shoving me against my bag and the window, putting his hands all over me and saying horrible disgusting things to me. He used epithets like "firecrotch" and called me a whore. I tried to push him off and was yelling and a couple of my friends (one close guy friend in particular) were trying to get him to stop. The bus driver stopped and yelled back for everyone to stop making so much noise. I don't really recall what all happened in the moments after, I was so in shock. I know I went home and cried... a lot. When I went to tell the administration they put it down as bullying and didn't understand my ill attempts to try and explain how he'd tried to touch me. I didn't want to explain any further; I was still in shock it had even happened. And from someone I had never even spoken to. He got kicked off of our bus for about two weeks.After that, I developed a pretty solid phobia of riding the bus to school, even going so far as to walk when my parents would try to use depriving me rides as punishment. (Of course I got in trouble for walking against their wishes, but I didn't care)  But the worst part was running into him at school. In the hallways, I learned to take the furthest path from any intersection where I would see him. I had more than one time where my heartbeat would race, I'd become dizzy and nauseous, and couldn't think straight. It was horrible the day I was transferred into the same social studies class as him, where I took the furthest desk away and formed a strong friendship with the guy next to me just in case anything ever happened. Luckily, I was never put on a project of any kind with him, but I was constantly paranoid in the class of having to interact with him. Even though years had passed and I'm sure he has completely forgotten about the incident.I chose to do dual enrollment with a local college my senior year, not entirely because of him -there were other issues with high school- but partially. Everything started to get immensely better... until just now.I am here sitting in Panera and am proud for having just finished sending in several college and scholarship applications. Then he and some cheerleader from school walk in on an obvious date. I went numb, but I didn't feel the same old emotions of sickness. I considered leaving immediately, but something made me stay. I couldn't keep myself from looking over at them continuously, and it messed with me. He seemed happy... I really felt an immense sense of injustice. I wondered if he had hurt her too- or will tonight. If maybe in three and a half years he has changed.I still am completely confused with my reaction, but I feel stronger. I don't think I've forgiven him, but I am beginning to move past it and look to the future.TL;DR I just ran into the guy who attacked me almost four years ago, but I didn't react like I usually would when I'd see him after. I think I am moving on?
dear community,i apologize because, i don't think this post can be anything but exhaustingly long, as it's been building up for a lifetime (and i'm 35) -i also fear that no one will believe me, and/or that people will (cyber)attack me - so please, try to be compassionate...i'm writing this post because...i have no one at all to talk to but my computer(obviously not a person!) :(i have lived under, and been trying to get away from, what i feel are abusive (divorced) parents for my entire life, i have moved to at least 10 different places, at times (because i'm unable to drive) having to haul my belongings ON FOOT from one place to another, and i hope you can imagine, it has DESTROYED MY BODY, and now i am pretty much disabled--...if nothing else, both of my parents are "hoarders" - and i understand that label can be over used and one might think the problem is not actually severe, but they legitimately are, and...in the case of my father, his hoarding is so severe that he's in legal trouble,and in the case of my mother, with whom i live, and for whom _i have already cleaned out the full house at least 3 times_ - NOT voluntarily/enabling her, but because i was forced.now, the situation is so severe - i'll try to minimize it as much as i can, but this is gross and, if you're sensitive to gross things you may just want to stop reading here, okay... - she LEAVES OUT, garbage and rotting food, and it has resulted in (maybe to some people, this is no big deal - and if it's not, i admire you, but i have PARALYZING PHOBIAS of these things...) SEVERE INSECT AND RODENT INFESTATIONS, with which i live, and from which i suffer respiratory and other health issues -my mother is also INCONTINENT; she has urine accidents continually - which i am understanding about, BUT she has a _lack of hygiene_ about it -first of all, she DOESN'T EVEN TAKE SHOWERS. she stopped going upstairs to (her bedroom and) the shower, and she lives on the couch and is there whenever she's not working.and, before i could buy her "bed pads" to keep from further soiling the couch, she kept peeing into it, and KEEPING HER URINE-SOAKED CLOTHES IN BAGS WHICH SHE JUST LEAVES AROUND THE HOUSE, and...also she keeps rotted food in bags, and then she takes the bags and puts them in a bigger bag BUT NEVER THROWS THEM OUT, and it attracted both fruit flies and regular flies -(i know some people might not think this is a big deal, but...) THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS OF FRUIT FLIES AND BLACK FLIES, to the point where it MAKES LIFE UNBEARABLE -for MONTHS i have been battling urine soaked, ROTTING WASTE, and... MAGGOTS--trying to scrape the rotting waste out from under the couch - i  have had MAGGOTS crawling all over me, and the stench...just thinking about it i'm trying not to vomit!,and, i bought bed pads, and adult diapers for her to wear, but... not even both of those are enough to contain her urine, and, she JUST THROWS THE SOILED DIAPERS ON THE FLOOR,and... the downstairs bathroom, which she bit by bit took over, is piled to the top of the counter with FECES SOILED TOILET PAPER - FECES!,and there are RODENT FECES all over this house, everything is contaminated!and my life is like this never ending, GRUELING, RELENTLESS CYCLE OF CLEANING UP AFTER MY MOTHER, (she stopped doing laundry TOO so i either have to wash it, or things just get worse!) doing laundry EVERY DAY, multiple loads, and having to bicker with her to get her to do the most BASIC HYGIENE :*( -(and my father's house, i don't live there, but it's even worse, and is infested with HUGE RATS - HUGE! THEIR FECES ARE HUGE! EVERYTHING IN HIS HOUSE IS CONTAMINATED ...AND SOMEDAY I WILL BE THE ONE FORCED TO DEAL WITH IT--)i feel like no one will believe me :( and i have taken PICTURES of the conditions here :(there has also been emotional, physical, and financial abuse -the emotional abuse is what is BREAKING me, though :*( -i'm afraid this is not going to sound that bad, because when i'm trying to remember and describe the HELL that it has been, i feel like i have almost no memory (maybe my brain is trying to protect me...) - but the DAMAGE IS LEFT IN ME! - and also when things are past, for me it's hard to convey the intensity of it, like it feels when i'm suffering in the moment ...and i haven't had anyone to tell about incident-after-incident as they have blown up...it is things like, one time, to punish me, she had my father _take the door off my bedroom, so that i would have no privacy_, and she took FIENDISH DELIGHT in controlling and belittling me.or like, how one time she threw me out of the house, but the worse part was her standing over me at the top of a flight of steps, screaming at me that ...people abuse me because i let them, and that I DESERVE IT!and this year, one night she screamed how she "CAN'T STAND ME!," and i - going to my room - was like how i hate my life bc i have to live every day w/ a person who can't stand me, and - feeling suicidal - that one of these days i would be dead and she would be sorry, and she just went "one of these days [i] would find her dead and [_I_] would be sorry!," and i'm pretty sure that, that time or another time i had told her i wanted to commit suicide, and she either didn't care, or even SAID something like "so go ahead" - :*(it is also  stuff like... she is ...like an alcoholic, without the alcohol - last winter i came home to find her PASSED OUT on the couch ...WITH HER UNDERWEAR AROUND HER ANKLES, AND HER VAGINA SPREAD WIDE OPEN-- (again, maybe i'm just a wimp, but this, like, SCARRED ME FOR LIFE!), AND, because she would have GOTTEN MAD if she had found out i had seen her like that, i _couldn't go inside_, because later she'd realize, and... I HAD TO SIT OUTSIDE IN THE COLD and having to wait and try to call her phone to try to wake her up so she'd think she had time before i'd be coming home--(other nights, since, this has happened where i've been _unable to go downstairs and get food, and have had to go to bed hungry_, because she was again passed out naked on the couch--)it is also things like, that she's so loose with men, she was always _having phone sex with guys_ (and the only reason not having in person sex w/ them was bc she cant have anyone in the house bc of the condition of the house!), and her ...dalliances... w/ even engaged/married guys, have caused such havoc in my life-- for example an enraged fiancee of one of the men called our house at 2am said SHE WAS COMING TO SET OUR HOUSE ON FIRE - i was 16 and sitting up all night, terrified that some woman was going to come burn our house down!and since, i have had a loser stepfather who abused me and ROBBED OUR HOUSE, took the only jewelry i ever had,and the last boyfriend, my mother tried to make him think that the filth in this house is my fault(!), and one night i overheard him RAVING about me, banging the kitchen table, that if i thought this was the way the house was going to be, "[HE WOULDNT] STAND FOR IT!, [HE WOULDN'T] STAND FOR IT," ..."[HE'LL] _BEAT THE [BLEEP] OUT OF ME!!!" - and i told my mother, and she acted so DUMB, she was like that she somehow _didn't hear him say that_, and she DID NOTHING about it! (and, something that might seem as small as, never getting any support from her...i don't know if anyone can understand how it GNAWS AT ME :(, and...i gotta live with it, day in and day out, and can only dream of a day when i'll be able to get away :( ...)or there are just so many other things, like... the winter before last, i got something called "trench foot," and frostbite, shoveling out my mother's car while i had no appropriate footwear and my foot was submerged in frigid water, or how, like, a few years ago, because of her DRAMA (caused me to get physically hurt, but it is an more about how the drama and her RECKLESNESS...), she just haaad to go outside and check on her car, which was fine, when there was a tropical storm here, and... she caused me to be in an accient where, the entire side of a fence/wall around a construction site, struck and fell on me, and left me injured-- :(and then there's the physical...(i'm, sadly, obese, myself, but...) my mother's a morbidly obese BEHEMOTH, and a BULLY, and...she has attacked me across a table in a restaurant,she has climbed into the back seat of a car where i was sitting with my then-bestfriend and, SEVERELY BEAT BOTH MYSELF AND MY THEN-BESTFRIEND,and one of the lowest points, she was going to choke me!and financially, my mother has PRESSURED ME INTO PAYING FOR THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS WORTH OF OUR HOUSEHOLD'S, AND _HER OWN_ BILLS, with my savings and my credit cards, so i have no money, and am drowning in debt--oh, and, did i menton that somehow, my mother doesn't think she's done anything wrong, actually thinks she's a good mother, and EVEN THINKS WE ARE FRIENDS?? :(...now for my father...this is very long-winded, but it has consumed the last 1-2 years of my life:in summer 2015 - after yet another blow-out fight with my father, this time at one of his dr.'s appointments when i tried to tell the doctor some pertinent information about the dosage of one of my father's meds issued by another dr., my father and i had such an AWFUL fight - i left the dr.'s in shame, and in the car the fighting continued and, i was wagging my finger at him and...a week later, on the phone, that fight came up and he goes - actually believing this! (and my father has always been so ...irrational, it's not possible to win any argument w/ him, because his perception is so twisted--) - "I WANT TO KNOW WHY U TRIED TO ***HIT*** ME!;" i was like "i did NOT try to hit you!" and we had another fight -then, on a sunday, i called him and - he had been asleep ...lately, he had been asleep every time i called him, and ...he was like "WHAT DO YOU WANT???" and told me he was having some pain in his back, which we assumed were kidney stones because he has a history of those, and i told him i would give my mother some herbs to drop off and that she would LEAVE THEM IN THE MAIL BOX, and that he wouldnt even have to talk to me later, because, honestly he had been SO NASTY, i dreaded having to talk to him again to get my head bitten off...i called him mid-week and left a message, and it's NORMAL for him to not return my calls, and in fact one time in the past i had to get my mother to bring me over to his house (please don't get the impression, though, that my mother cared about him or helped or was involved AT ALL - the two times i'm mentioning here in which she went to her house, were the only times in YEARS, and they were at my PRODDING, because ***i*** was the only one who was there for my father...) after him not returning my call that time, i DID check on him! - and, not only did he act like it was an annoyance, but... also when i tried to ask him if he could help me financially to rent a room in one of his neighbors' homes SO THAT I COULD CHECK ON HIM EVERY DAY, he lashed out at me "I'M NOT GOING TO PUT MYSELF INTO DEBT, ***NOT FOR THE LIKES OF YOU***" - i was disgusted :( -because of all of the anguishing treatment, it drove me away, and...i hadn't heard from him by saturday and called again, and i was trying to get my mother to bring me to his house, when...the POLICE called and said my father was BARELY ALIVE, and i later discovered that he had gone to sleep last sunday and never woke - he had never taken the herbs i had my mother bring, out of the mailbox...(meanwhile, more of my mother's drama and bad behavior - in hindsight, i wish i had found a way to get there, myself, so i could have kept her out of it - i had no money for a cab, and no money even to take a bus, and no time, so i had to asked my mother to bring me to the hospital, and... my mother's then-boyfriend - the one who threatened me, etc - was over and... she INSISTED ON BRINGING HIM TO THE HOSPITAL, as my father was at death's door, and i didn't want to go in the car with them, because, earlier that year, on the day my uncle F had passed away, we were returning from my aunt's house, and... my mother's boyfriend HAD BEEN RUBBING MY MOTHER'S PRIVATES WHILE WE WERE ALL IN THE CAR - and that same day, he had made comments/passes at ME - i felt so UNCOMFORTABLE with him, but again my mother thought i was being silly! ...and so, because i didn't want to get in the car with him, she and her boyfriend actually were like that THEY were going to go to the hospital - NEITHER of whom had any business going there,and ***i*** was the only person who had been there for my father, for YEARS - and they were going to LEAVE ME at the house! ...am i wrong, or is that WRONG ON SO MANY LEVELS?? and can you imagine the way i was feeling in that situation?? ...ugh.and later... my mother visited my father probably 4-5 times, only in the beginning, while i was at that hospital all day and all night for MONTHS and i DID MY FATHER'S BIDDING for the 15 months since, and...well then one day he was CODING (about to die) and, when my mother got back from a trip, i told her he had almost died and i urged her to go see him, and she said ...she's tired. the day he was admitted, she had to be all up in everything, but then SHE GOT BORED. and she actually never visited him again - and... who does my father love and appreciate? ...HER. whenever i am suffering, he doesn't care, and then he'll ask how my MOTHER'S doing! ...and one day, i told him about the incident where i came home to find my mother passed out w/ her underwear around her ankles, and i had to sit outside in the cold, and he went - staring blankly at his tv, and seeming scarily out of touch with reality(?) - "sooo you saw your mother's vagina"----and just this week - i had asked him if i could try a few pills of a diabetes supplement he's taking, and i said i need it, because i can't stop gaining weight and i'm hoping it might help me control my insulin levels, and... he wouldn't let me have any, and then he goes "THAT REMINDS ME, I HAVE SOME DIABETES SUPPLIES FOR YOUR MOTHER"!!! ...the one who has not visited or called him in over a year, while i've SACRIFICED MYSELF for him!it is like... i can't even... how can i deal with this person??)i have lived with SUCH GUILT because i felt responsible that my father lay in his house for _six days, without food or water, dying_, and i didn't know about it because i dreaded talking to him BC HE was always so abusive :(,so i have put up with his abuse for the 15 months since, including...(as far as i'm concerned, he was never right in his head, and his brain being deprived of food/water for 6 days only made it worse...) for whatever reason, he had something against taking harmless probiotics, and... because he overheard me asking a nurse if he was still taking the probiotics, he BLEW UP AT ME and we had another huge, embarrassing fight - and the next day, i came back to find from the manager - SO HUMILIATING - that HE HAD BLOCKED ME, and he TOLD THEM I HAD TRIED TO HIT HIM (like his nonsense from the fight at the dr's office) - he could have gotten me arrested! - and he was even saying, when i (graciously) came back, so smugly "i cooooould have [got me arrested], if [he] wanted to..." and bragging that he had a team of people at his bedside who would have brought consequences upon me -he never even apologized, and actually only SUMMONED me by conveying a COMMAND to someone on the staff who called: "tell my daughter to bring my eye glasses." (and when i got there, he silently gestured me over, like he was the Boss in some mafia movie!) - and i stupidly actually came back in his life, because i felt/feel guilty...i don't think i can even begin to give you all an idea of how he has treated me and what the last 15 months have been like -and out of my guilt, i have spent the last 15 months taking between 8 and in some cases 12 bus/train/ferry trips some days, and it caused me NUMEROUS INJURIES AND HEALTH CONDITIONS - bone spurs and general severe bone issues - ...one day a month ago, i was trying to tell him after he had given me a list of stuff he expected me to go get for him, that i am really injured because of the last year, and, he was like "IT'S NOT LIKE I ASKED YOU TO RUN A MARATHON!," "IT'S NOT LIKE I ASKED YOU TO TAKE A PIK AXE AND BREAK ROCKS!," and he even said "i think you need to make me more of a priority in your life" - omg, i have SACRIFICED myself for him! -and i was so disgusted, i silently "went on strike," until, a week or two ago he was pressing me to get the items for him and, when i told him i ...don't feel so inclined to do labor for him, with the way he ...belittles me and what i've done for him, he quipped MOCKINGLY that he's not going to grovel to me because i "want to play APPRECIATION DAYYYYY EVERY DAYYYY"and JUST TODAY, he was telling me more things to do, and i was protesting and he went "i feel like asking you, what exactly you do with your time..." AS IF HE THINKS I DON'T DO ANYTHING, and it never registers with him no matter how i tell him that i am injured and sick and am struggling!i am just so FED UP, i'm desperate to get away from my mother, and him :( -but ...i have no friends, and i have reached out to so many people, and been met with only rejection -on top of everything else, i have a EXTREMELY SEVERE SOCIAL PHOBIA - before this happened to my father, i TRULY... would not go out of the house for months at a time :(, and could not even talk on the phone with anyone - besides my father, enduring for all these years, TWO HOUR, SCREAMING TIRADES whenever i'd call, about how i've wasted my life and i'm worthless, and TELLING ME I'M GOING TO DIE ON THE STREET! :(the last year(+) has _forced_ me to go out, but it has done only MORE DAMAGE, bc in every social interaction i feel i have HUMILIATED myself, and i'm left with repetitive thoughts of each humiliation and rejection, forever afterwards -my father just balks "you have to face your fears" - well i face them every day, and it does not get any better, and all i can think about when i have to go out, is, omg WHEN can i get home to protect myself from people (and every day, i am THISCLOSE to not being able to make it out the door - sometimes i just CAN'T!) ...and then at home there is the WORST BULLY OF ALL :(...and as for my other so-called family... (this part may seem really complicated, because it's ...drama as only family can create... but please hang in there, anyone who's read this far, this is the last section...)my mother has made everyone think that I'M the bully, and...one day, year before last, my aunt wrote me a THREE PAGE LETTER, SCOLDING ME ABOUT HOW I NEED TO BE A BETTER DAUGHTER-----i mustered all the courage i had in me, met with her and told her what has really been going on, and she was like - and i QUOTE - "if it comes down to it, i will take you into my own (house)," and i actually believed her---but a while after that, things were so bad here, i txtd her in desperation, and hoping she would take me in, and... she's like that she "can't" help me, because she doesn't want to cause hard feelings with my mother----- :(she is just a BUSYBODY, who wanted to get "the dirt," then she changed her tune--and, my grandparents... they were like "sorry, we can't help you" too, and now...recently my grandparents have moved near my aunt and, they always want to see me - and i "have to," because i'm PRESSURED into seeing them - BUT they (who do NOT know about everything with my aunt) want my aunt there too, and i HATE my aunt and don't want to see her, but i can't tell them the full reason why - and they wouldn't even care :(so i now try to get out of going to visit my grandparents - and my mother's not happy ...and she's indifferent about the things the she DOES know have gone on with my aunt, and THAT (her indifference), gnaws at me, maybe most of all! :*(and my WHOLE family (aunt[s], grandparents, and mother) have failed me regarding my FATHER -when my father started being abusive to me, and my family members (on my mother's side, and had only had contact w/ my father _once in a while_ for the last 20 years! then they come out of the woodwork, and it feels so fake!), kept asking about him even as he was making my life miserable,and they do not GET why it would hurt me, them asking about him!and my father keeps asking about my MOTHER! and i have to admit that i don't want her to see or call him, because IF SHE VISITS OR EVEN CALLS HIM ONE TIME[!!!], he'll be holding HER above me, who's always been there for him, and who has been the one to do everything since his hospitalization! -now... my father opened a facebook account, and... he contacted my uncle M - and my uncle CALLED HIM, and i feel like it was wrong of my uncle to call him, and - (my mother was going to hear about it anyway, so i told her about it, and) i expressed that i felt it was wrong, and -she can't even back me up about that--this thing with my uncle might seem so trivial, and i should just keep my mouth shut like i've been made to do all my life, but it's getting to me, and, i feel like i might say the wrong thing to the wrong person, and that it will incur my mother's rage;it's what pushed me to finally post, because it is just so hard to not say anything, because i hold all of this inside, alone :( - and i'm hoping i can get better support from strangers on the internet, than from my own "family" :(...i can't stay asleep at night, i wake up with my stomach in knots, and every day, i don't know how much longer i can live like this... i don't feel like a social worker, or any government agency can help me, because - i'm afraid to even TALK ON THE PHONE, and i'm afraid i'll have to go to a shelter, where there are PEOPLE,AND i can't support myself and, i feel like the government isn't going to want to support me long term - and i know they shouldn't have to,and most of all i'm afraid my mother will find out that i tried to get away from her, and she will hurt me, or the government won't be able to help me and i will wind up completely homeless...i don't have any hope that anyone will help me, but i just need someone to know what i'm going through......literally as i finished writing this, i wanted to go downstairs and get some lunch and, AGAIN MY MOTHER IS PASSED OUT ON THE COUCH IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DAY IN HER ADULT DIAPERS, W/ HER SHIRT PUSHED UP UNDER HER BOOBS, AND I COULDN'T GO DOWNSTAIRS BC SHE WOULD WAKE UP AND GET MAD!to anyone who read this whole thing ...i'm sorry, and, thank you...
I'm a 16 year old African American who has been abused physically at the age of 12. by my step father and father. With my step father abusing me and causing me to have 9 noticeable scars on my body. And my dad punching me repeatedly for wanting to contact cps. My mom said she wished my dad killed me afterwards so "it can all be over" I've been depressed ever since and tried to commit suicide at least 7 times. Now I'm waiting until the last day of school to run away or talk to my guidance counselor. I'm waiting to spend my last school year with friends "family"
He constantly calls me stupid, worthless, tells me to "grow a brain". He's always been a semi sociopathic type person. But recently he's just been in an angry mood for no reason. And I'm afraid he might start hurting me or one of my family members. Any help?
I'm nearly 18F, and ive been had psychiatric help for a few months but i can't see anyone anymore as I'm moving out and cannot pay for it.  My psychiatrist talked about my attachment/trust issues, intrusive thoughts and emotional problems etc and she pointed out how my childhood was abusive and neglectful emotionally.  But i feel like possibly it could have been more than that? It's probably nothing but i have to know. My childhoods kind of fuzzy but i have plenty of weird happy memories, and almost no memories of experiencing negative emotions.  I wet the bed for ages, and i used to sleep walk to the bathroom, down the hallway.  My sister told me last year that i had told her as a kid, about the 'monsters that lived in the toilet' and since she told me that i have become kind of uncomfortable with going to the bathroom, and really scared of being touched inappropriately.  I'm really scared of hallways and i always feel like I'm being watched and that someone's going to attack me from behind.  Sometimes i walk backwards down hallways, or i constantly look over my shoulder. I get really scared of being tickled or touched on my sides and usually lash out our tense up when i get touched or hugged.  I used to have loads of imaginary friends to protect me in the bathroom, hallway, or in the dark as a kid. I used to feel strongly compelled to hide whenever people entered rooms, and i still do to some extent.  I used to run, jump, hide in corners to avoid being seen. And i still feel really strongly compelled to avoid being heard. I've always had mixed feelings of guilt and shame around anything sexual, even though i think about it constantly and i always seem attracted toward dangerous or unhealthy things. Also (I'm more ashamed of this) but i feel aroused by things that scare or disgust me?  I think i could have repressed something.  Im probably just overanalyzing, i do have OCD and anxiety so i over analyze a lot.  If anyone could offer some insight that would be really helpful? 
I hate nightmares every night and wake up with a twisted leg and it hurts, does this mean anything, is it a side effect of my abuse?
So I'm just gonna start with things about my aunt. Let's call her S. I thought things where over between her and my family, and that she had given up and just left us alone, but today proved otherwise.My mom and S, (S is my dad's sister), have hated each other since before I was born. S hated that my mom was very successful, and my mom hated S for being a lazy piece of shit.Some examples that S has done: Tried to sue a guy for not fixing a leaky drip properly, leaving her husband with severe PTSD and claiming he abused her, took away his son and ruined his reputation and got him kicked out of the army (with 0 evidence of abuse), claimed her son has autism when he doesn't, and bribed doctors with her new boyfriend's money to get them to put it on his record. She has never held down a job. Each job she got, she was fired within days and she blamed it on the managers/co-workers. She is seriously the most intolerable person I have ever known. About a year ago, she messaged me on FB and asked me how I was regarding the floods that had been happening near where I live. I don't watch the news, so I didn't know it was really bad in other areas around me so all I said was, "I don't mind it, we need the rain."She. Went. BATSHIT.Starting telling me I had no feelings, that I was just as bad as my mother, because I wasn't grieving the death of two strangers that had drowned in the floods. Before I could defend myself or get a word in, she blocked me. My grandmother, N, (dad's mom), messaged me a few days later saying I hadn't been raised to care about anyone other then myself. N also said I had caused S to go into a relapse into depression, and that it was all my fault. N then proceeded to block all contact from me, which snapped my heart in half because I was really close with N, and she just left me. She changed her phone number and everything. Idk I'm just writing this out because it's my birthday in 1/2 days and I still haven't gotten a card from N, and I feel like I'm just going to breakdown. S made N hate me. It doesn't help that my mother is a sociopath high-functioning alcoholic who is verbally abusive, and both my parents just tell me to forget about her but I can't. I don't have many people left anymore, and sometimes I really struggle and the thought of not getting a card from my own grandmother who I grew up with and who loved me and cared for me is just so painful. What do I do, it's been a year and I still cry about this everyday. I'm only 18, why did they do this to me.. All over a comment on a thunderstorm?
The worst part about being an abuse survivor isn't seeing myself as used up after all the sexual abuse or even not caring who uses me anymore. It isn't the constant apologizing because im conditioned to see everything as my fault. It isn't cringing from people trying to give me a hug. Nor is it the fear that i might die without ever progressing past 6 years old mentally because of the trauma stopping my maturity. It isn't uncovering more and more memories as i live, while trying to deal with my PTSD by myself because i can't afford therapy. It's not the multitude of other thigns i cannot articulate.It's seeing my little sister who i raised while we were homeless, (relevant because she feels slightly like a daughter) going through the same things and i can't do anything to help her. 
Hey there.First I want to start by saying I am unsure if this is the right place to post this, so apologies if it's not.Anyways, moving forward and jumping right into it. I've dealt with multiple forms of abuse throughout the entirety of my childhood and I'm looking to start addressing the trauma that exists as a result. I've been in multiple abusive environments growing up and it was at the hands of parental figures. The earliest form of abuse I encountered was sexual and physical abuse. This occurred while living with my mom and her boyfriend at the time, and it was the boyfriend who was abusive. They both were frequent drug users and my mom was often spaced out on the couch as though she was literally in a different world mentally. I was 6 when the abuse started, and it lasted for 3 years. I also witnessed the boyfriend beating my mom on a nightly basis.Fast forward to 9 years old, my dad regained custody of me and I moved in with him. My dad was never abusive, but he was neglectful. He never payed any attention to me emotionally and only made sure that my financial needs were met. If I ever opened up to him about what I was feeling, like suicidal, it was met with dismissive "okay"s or hurtful comments such as "go live with your mom." I also think it's worth mentioning that my fathers girlfriend who lived with us, while not abusive, was very hard on me for doing poorly academically at this point in my life. They later ended up breaking up and this resulted in a theme of mother figures walking out on me. I was 13 years old at the time of their breakup.I spent a year with time to myself. My dad was single, would work nights, and largely left me to do whatever I wanted. I had no abuse that I was enduring, but I was wildly depressed and wasted all of my time playing video games until I would pass out. I would sleep at school in my classes because I was sleep deprived. My depression made functioning feel too difficult.Upon turning 14, my dad remarried. He married a Filipino woman and all I remember from that early on was that she gave off red flags. She made promises to my dad that our lives were all going to change if they did get married, which they did, and things did change. She heavily restricted my hobbies. She prevented me from playing games or visiting friends and did crazy stuff like yell at me for not liking certain foods. When we moved into the same house it got worse. She would consistently find things to yell at me for. She would walk through the house and find random things to be upset over. It was incessant and it was everyday, and it always felt ridiculous. She would yell at me if she found anything not perfect in the house. Just an example of how it would play out. She'd walk into my bathroom, notice something like the tub wasn't wiped after I had showered, and then she would berate me. She would tell me things like I'm stupid and useless and I can't do anything right. That was the first part of her abuse. She would find something then yell at me. Afterwards, she would go to ignoring me. If I tried talking to her for any reason, whether it was for function like expressing something that needs to be expressed (like I need school supplies), or if it was for the purpose of just talking to her, she would ignore me. Then she would make passive aggressive remarks. The last step is she would always make me apologize for it. She would tell my dad to make me apologize. This occurred everyday for 4 years, until I was able to leave for college.I am unsure what kind of abuse that would be considered, but that's what happened. There was also a large pressure to be a straight A student. I don't know how I did it but I did. But it was probably the most difficult thing of my life. I was battling with depression from the initial abusive household, and depression from those circumstances, while battling anorexia and insomnia. I passed high school but was always beyond stressed out and I had several breakdowns in the process, and even went to a psychiatric ward right before going into college. Eventually when I went to college I failed the second semester because I finally couldn't keep up.Since then, I've moved out of the house. My dad and stepmom both don't talk to me as they think I wronged them by leaving. But the results from the abuse are ruining my life. I have a hard time interacting with others. I find myself being super emotionally needy and it pushes people away. I think I am also emotionally manipulative and I display toxic behaviors in relationships like expressing really dark thoughts. I'll tell people that I expect them to abandon me, or that I don't trust them, or that I have a really unhealthy emotional attachment to them and I need them to be more loving towards me.I don't want to be like this though. I just want to overcome the trauma so I can live a normal healthy life, but I'm unsure where to begin. Any insight or advice that anyone may have to offer is greatly appreciated. Thank you for taking the time to read this.
Hello everyone, I'll start by straight up admitting that through recent events in my life I've found out that I am guilty of emotional abuse of others. I've posted about this in another sub reddit which you can find through my profile if you wish. Basically what I've done so far is realize that I am definitely guilty of emotionally abusing my ex girlfriend. The problem was I had no idea what I was doing or that I was even doing it until it was too late. It took its toll on our relationship and its over. The problem here is that I feel fucking terrible about it, and I don't want to let this effect my life anymore, or the lives of the people I love. I would never mean to harm anyone or anything. I am an open minded person who is accepting of literally everyone, and I'm avid animal rights activist. I love being nice, helping people, and making people feel good. With that being said, when I read up on what emotional abuse is, I was absolutely devastated. I wanted to cry when I looked back on how I treated my ex at times. I think my problem lies within immaturity, but probably other things too. Some examples, I literally never took the blame for anything wrong with our relationship. I would either put it off onto her or I'd blame it on stress or something. She would do small things that shouldn't bother me, completely normal or accidental things and I would GET SO MAD. I don't get why some things would drive me insane. One time all she did was accidentally bump into me and I snapped on her. She brought it up to me after it happened and of course I didn't take any blame for it. I don't remember but I probably blamed it on something else. If we ever got into a fight, sometimes I would bring up her past. I would hold things against her that I now know I shouldn't have. It wasn't fair of me to do that. I wish I hadn't. I would give her silent treatments and just other immature SHIT only a child would do. Anyway, I hope you guys can be supportive of my problem and give me insight on what I should do now. I feel so good now that I've figured out I have a serious problem. It's like a weight off of my back. But I want to attack this problem head on and get passed it before it effects anyone else that I care about. Which brings me to my questions. What should I do now? Admitting was my first step, so what's next? Should I apologize to her? We broke up on good terms. It was a peaceful breakup. There is no resentment despite the fact I was not the best boyfriend. We wished each other the best and split.Any insight is great! Thanks guys! Can't wait to fix this!
I am 5 years younger than my older sister. I got my passiveness from my mother but my dangerous rage from my father. I snap from time to time and never remember what I do or say. My sister is not my father's child and yet she always braggs about how close he is to her. She knows it hurts me but does it anytime we are alone together. We could be talking about body wash or dinner and she'll bring it up. She even use to brag about it to customers when she last had a job. No one knew we were half sisters but she still would go out of her way to let people know. She would even tell them bow much daddy liked her more than his biological children. Who does that. I try standing up to her and she becomes aggressive. Like I said, Im a fairly passive person despite my large size. I have never been able to have that break through talk with her. She twists everything around and lies. She shames me for having extreme anxiety or not being as independent as she was at 23. Unlike her i didnt have a child at 20 and my self confidence has been on the low side so I dont push myself for fear of failing. Also because I know her and momma would call me stupid, tell me I would fail and then when I do fail they'll tell me they told me so. They always tell me I cant do anything. Though I have a bad temper, I never snap on her. No point because momma would side with her. They are verbaly abusive. Mocking my weight, my bad luck, my friends. I ask for help and either they wont help or they will but with attitude. I practically have to beg my mother to take me to get medical treatment. I love them but I dont like them. When i was 14 momma called me worthless, good for nothing, that would never amount to anything. That I would end up poor and dead in a ditch somewhere. No man would ever want to be with me and if he fid then he would be worse than me. Those words have haunted me for all these years. She also kept telling me to drop out of school becausd I would ber graduate and would critisize any major I would choose. When it came to college she costed me my financial aid becaue I had to drop out when she refused to look after her mother, who was recovering from a surgery, while i walk to the campus to use their computer. P.s. Mine crashed. When she found out i had sex she called my sister, told her that I was a slut who was sleeping with all tbhe guys in school for money. My own mother. And once when i was afraid I would commit suicide the school called and told her then she mocked me. She even told me to do it. I was no saint but this is rediculous. They both call me a spoiled child and yet momma and daddy have bought my sister all 6 of her cars but wont even get me one or at least a new bed that doesnt have holes or springs popping through. Daddy and i both have the same mental health problems so I dont take it personally when he snaps but my mother and sister dont have a reason to be so hateful. What are y'alls oppinions on this. Im trying to find another more stable job so I can finally move out but that would take a year or 2.
This is my first time posting on here so here goes.I grew up in an extremely dysfunctional home. Booze, drugs, violence, neglect, manipulation, stalking, the whole fucking shabang.  There's plenty more to that list and a million tiny stories that build up to one ugly picture. But that's not why I'm posting.I'm at a loss for what to do now that it's all over??? I don't know how but I survived. I got out, I now (finally) live on my own at 24 years old. My problems feel like they've just begun... it's like now that I have finally won by getting my brother out and on the right path and saving myself, I'm finally shutting down in response to everything that happened. Sure, I've done well given the situation and I am grateful for that... but it does not stop me from being at the 'bottom of the barrel' when it comes to trying to become a part of 'normal' society. I have awful social skills. I have no real hobbies to draw upon to relate to other people, as I suspect many abused kids playing the survival game don't. I've dropped the 'friends' I used to have because the only thing we had in common was trauma and they were repeating it rather than escaping it. I used to have relationships in the past, but ultimately they wound up hitting and/or belittling me too. Funny how we repeat these things without realizing it until it's too late. It's like I have the power to survive and leave these issues behind, only to see them resurface with a different face and a different name. It's happened enough times that I'm almost fully isolated JUST to avoid the inevitable problems. On that note, I REALLY don't want to attend any family gatherings, but I'm so scared to let down my (surprisingly normal-ish) extended family. They only get together 3 or 4 times a year, but still... I know that rather than understanding that I don't want to be around my immediate family ever again, they'll see it as me being a selfish jerk who couldn't be bothered to show up. I love them, I want to be a part of their lives somehow, but it just seems impossible.It's gotten to the point that I almost avoid people completely. I've worked multiple jobs and never seem to make friends there, not even just a few people to chat with a little bit during work hours. My academic record is the same.SO I've avoided becoming a drug-addicted uneducated abusive prick, YAY, but life didn't spare me from being a loser. How do I go from 'surviving' to 'happy'? How do I start to blend into my new community as if this had never happened? How do I find friends and a relationship- as an adult- without any new people becoming suspicious of why no one else is in my company? I know that no one would believe that my family was that crazy which lead me to accidentally surrounding myself with equally screwed up people. Rinse and repeat until eventually I just find myself lone. Hell I don't necessarily expect the internet to believe me but I hope so because I need answers.Has anyone experienced this before??? What steps do you take at this point??? It's as if a great life is finally on the horizon but it's still just beyond my reach, and I don't know how to grab on.
This is long but please bear with me: My brother's girlfriend just broke down and opened up to us that my brother has been abusing her emotionally and mentally for the last 10 months of their relationship, which they've been together for 10 months. I know my brother has demonstrated a lot of anger before, breaking things and pushing people, fighting my mom and even has gotten arrested for basically punching my older sister several times, pinning her down on the couch and just hitting her while she screamed. I KNOW he is capable of physical violence. Se is a very nice girl, and I love her, and I'm extremely broken by her pain, and even more so ANGRY and disgusted by my brother. He's gotten into arguments with random men out of insecurity, he won't let her have any friends, he wants to be with her every second of every day, he multi-texts and calls when they are apart, he verbally abuses her, he convinced her to have unprotected sex and to have his baby because he wanted to marry her, and when she got pregnant he got made her get an abortion. He is the classic abuser and i am afraid this will culminate into violent/physical abuse. I love my brother but i hate him right now, I have told her to leave him. I am trying to convince her that it won't get better. She says he's nice but it's only when he "switches" and I'm trying to tell her it's not gonna change, especially with my knowledge that he's always been a bit off. She is a very smart but suggestible girl, and my mom who has a lot of internalized misogyny, is telling her to just "stay and work it out". She is an emotionally vulnerable situation and she is agreeing with my mom. But she's tried that working things out at least once every week for the last 10 months and he goes back to his stalkish/stifling/abusive behavior every week on schedule. How do i help this girl? I love and care for her, and I wouldn't wish this on any living being. Is just telling her to leave all i can do? I wish i could physically separate them. She is so broken and hurting, she has low self esteem, and she is trying to hold on. My mom is telling her to listen to her instead of me, because she's been married before and because, according to my mom, I've never been in a committed relationship so i don't know anything about them (which is not true, I was in a committed relationship for 2 years and one does not need to have dated or been in a relationship before to notice and call out abuse!!? According to my mom, committed means engaged (wtf).)Do any of you have anything you can advice me on? I just don't want this going on any longer.....
So this is really long, sorry. It was removed from /r/relationships and I've been directed here instead. Thanks in advance for reading.The main concerns:-He is verbally abusive and physically abused me more than once,  years ago when we dated in high school. As for the past physical abuse, he used to strangle me (not consensual, not sexual—we were not sexually active yet at the time.) We broke up in high school after this, and there has been absolutely no physical abuse since we've been dating again. As for the verbal abuse, however, he almost daily calls me stupid, an idiot, a moron, retarded, etc, though I’ve sternly told him on numerous occasions that he absolutely may not call me those things because I am not stupid and do not accept being called stupid. I recently told him that every time he calls me any of those names knowing how I feel about him calling me them, he is being verbally abusive. He derives a lot of pleasure from making fun of me, which on its own is fine, but I draw the line at being called stupid.-He screamed, punched his steering wheel, and slammed his head off the steering wheel of his car intentionally while he was driving, in a fit of rage over getting pulled over and charged with possession of weed the night before. When I placed my hand on his shoulder and calmly told him I understood that he was angry but that he was putting our lives in danger, he growled “Don’t touch me.”-He recently asked me to help him moderate his weed consumption by having me hide his stash until a certain time of night when he could smoke it and not waste the day. I reluctantly agreed and have done a good job not giving in to him when he makes excuses as for why he needs to smoke earlier than the agreed-upon time. A couple weeks ago, though, when his dealer didn’t get back to him right away when he was looking to pick up, he asked me if I’d changed the dealer’s number in his phone, to which I said no. He trusted me, but then advised me not to do so now that he’d given me the idea, because “if I lose my ability to contact [dealer], you’ll see a side of me you wish you didn’t, okay?” That struck me as threatening. I should mention that this exchange happened not long after we’d gotten news that my father had passed away, so I was with family grieving and dealing with P’s paranoia and selfish behavior over Facebook Messenger.-He has gotten himself in trouble with the law over and over since we’ve been together because he’s a shitty driver and gets pulled over all the time. Above where I mentioned his getting charged with possession of weed--they actually pulled him over for speeding and then smelled his weed (which I don’t smoke at all, I might add) when they approached the car. I had to answer to the police and then deal with P’s reaction when I told him the information I gave them. I have a clean record and would like to keep it that way, but I feel I’m bound to get caught up in something because of P’s reckless behavior and lack of forethought.-He is generally unsympathetic and often lacks empathy as well. He is selfish and almost only acts favorably if it will help him get what he wants from other people, including me and his parents. His parents have paid a lawyer to get him out of legal troubles in the past. He is codependent but extremely impatient and irritable, so expects me to not only be by his side no matter what he’s doing, but also to be moving fast enough and doing whatever he wants me to do. He’s very controlling. He’s also judgmental, hypocritical, and negative.So I know I want and need to break up with him. I am unhappy and my well-being is at risk at this point, so the question isn’t whether or not to break up with him, but how. Here’s what makes things complicated:P has clinical depression and anxiety, which he takes medication for, but he has expressed the desire to self-harm recently in light of his legal problems. He has told me in the past that he doesn't particularly value his life, and he jokes about suicide constantly. We live together and work closely alongside each other at the same small company. He drives me to and from work despite our slightly staggered shifts because I don’t have my license. I’m trying to move out of state early this upcoming year to return to school and he has decided to stay behind and continue living with his parents for a little while to work on repaying some of his debt to them. I do not feel I can wait until I move away to break things off. I just don’t feel safe. Even if he never physically abuses me again, I fear he will drag me down with him next time something goes wrong in his life. My concern is that P will harm himself and possibly even me if I break things off the wrong way.So, assuming I’ll have a temporary living arrangement with family once we break up, what is your advice? What if I can't stay with family? How do I ensure both his and my safety? I do care about him.Sorry for this long-ass disjointed post…I could really use some help. Let me know what, if any, further information you need!tl;dr: I live with my verbally abusive boyfriend of less than a year and need to break things off carefully so he doesn't hurt himself or me.
My parents have blocked the wifi and took my phone away forever. I was forced to be with my iPad (Only could watch utube vids and netflix) until my chromebook gets fixed because my mom banged it on my head and I threw it on the ground  and then she poured water on me and I ran away when the temperature was 10 degrees outside. I have been playing this game and I made a lot of caring friends that I love up to now. I use discord to talk to them and It's a lot of fun playing with them. My mom is the problem. My iPad broke 2 days ago from now. She says that I am crazy and that I need to get fixed. One time she called me trash and one time my dad hit me with his hands and I purple marks on my leg and she was freaking out and I fainted in her arms..:(  I don't want to live. I'm a big fan of Ariana Grande and I always put on the song Moonlight when I'm sad which is what I'm listening to right now. I hate myself. They also want me to get good grades. HAHAHA. I only have a chromebook which they're taking when I come home every weekday. Help me. Please.. She makes my dad hit me. What should I do?-Moonlight 
I am a manager of a business. About a year and a half ago I had a quiet young lady (about 30 years old) apply for a position I was advertising. This was the first job she would have, did not have any education (told me she was home schooled, although not very well in her words). The job is pretty menial and doesn't involve many hard skills so I gave her the position. From the beginning, she was extremely quiet and kept to herself, always on time and works very hard. The first red flag I noticed was she would apologize for everything. You walk in her way, she would say sorry, you bump into her, she would say sorry. The rest of the employees thought she was just overly conscientious and shy. This continued as-is for almost a year without much standing out.Then a few months ago something seemed to be bothering her, she wouldn't complain but something seemed off. I pulled her aside one night to try and find the problem. A coworker was saying inappropriate things to her. We quickly addressed the situation but all she was worried about was about him being mad and getting angry with her. That was the next red flag.Recently things went to the next level. She had a medical issue at work that required one of our managers to take her to the hospital. On the ride there she mentioned how her mother couldn't know about this or she would be angry (she mentioned she lives with her mom and brother and sister). Once in the emergency room, the doctors asked her to change into a gown and left the room. She told the manager who was with her that she really didn't want to change but the manager told her she must. This is when the girl reluctantly mentioned she has a lot of bruising. The manager didn't know what to do and didn't pry for answers. When I found out, I called adult protective services. I gave them the information of what happened.Fast forward 2 weeks to this evening, I talked to her about how she was feeling and recovering. I wanted to see if I could learn more about her home life and if she was getting any help. I found out that she has to sleep in their attic, has no bed, no air conditioning or heat, no outlets, and just a small light bulb. She doesn't even have a comforter blanket, just a couple of smaller ones she layers. She says she recently got a better pillow which helps her sleep. She expressed she would like to move out on her own but her family takes almost all of her paycheck so she has trouble saving.I told her about adult protective services and how they may be able to help (I didn't tell her I called), and she was afraid someone at home would find out and be mad. I asked if I could set a meeting and she asked if she could think about it. It breaks my heart imagining her freezing on the floor, she's one of the nicest people I have ever met.When I Google what my options are for abuse victims, I just find things for the elderly. What is the best thing I can so to help this girl? This takes place in Pennsylvania.
Mine is 10. I'm just 16 and I already have so many problems. I abuse weed and have psychosis and depression to where my chest hurts. And I can't ever smile . I'm so serious all the time.  Fuck man. Its like I'm a marine inside lol idk cx 
Or are there some men and women born evil with no mental issues?I spent years trying to figure out why my ex was so unstable and abusive. He barely fit the description of abuser- aside from what he did to me. He wasn't charismatic and most people tolerated him to hang out with other people or because he had a car and most of them didn't. His true friends were the ones who assisted in him trashing me after I escaped but he acted like he was the victim- everyone else screwed him over. I did believe he was a victim at first- until I dated him for a few months and got to experience him myself. I am still ashamed I stayed with him longer than the others did. I still wonder if there is something wrong with me for sticking around, even though I only went back due to threats of murder and threats of kidnapping (which is technically what being locked in a room and tied up would qualify as) and I did try to call the cops a few times, but my phone was broken each time. But the thing is, I'd get away and I'd go back. I still don't understand why I went back. It does hurt when an abuse article is posted on Facebook and people trash the person who keeps going back. I've tried to explain why victims go back since I did for almost 2 years but I don't understand it myself. Why do/did we go back as many times as we do/did? Not all men or women fall under the cluster b disorders and aren't those the "magnetic" disorders? Aren't they the ones who have the charm and Noone would expect to see be abusers? 
I labeled this as a trigger warning just in case, to be respectful.26FI have a history of sexual abuse. My timeline used to go, ages 14-17 were spent being coerced into premature sexual relations with my boyfriend at the time. I wanted to leave after the first hint of possible abuse, but my parents forced me to stay. Age 15, sodomized by an older classmate, after threats of home invasion. And at 21 I was drugged and raped by my boyfriend at that time. Again my parent refused to let me leave him before that, even after signs of abusive tendencies.Now, I've come to accept the sexual "grooming" I've experienced through out my life at the hands of my father. As well as actual traumatic experiences.I've never been allowed to close the bathroom door while using the toilet or showering when it's just my (mom and) dad home.When I was little, my earliest memories are of my father demanding to sleep in my bed. And my mom allowing it. I don't remember specific trauma from that period, but I remember complaining about  having horrific nightmares every night, and never getting any sleep. In 1st grade my older friends would comment on the bags under my eyes.My mother divorced my father, who beat her, when I was 7. I chose to go with her.She proceeded to do drugs, bring strange men and women home, and even married another physically abusive, controlling jerk.I lost my room because I chose my mom. And was forced to sleep in the front room with him. I remember visiting him and having him lay on me, holding me down, with his head in my chest rubbing his lips against my nipple. I asked what he was doing and he said he was nursing. Another time he rubbed my tummy, and then proceeded to rub the bottom of my breast under my shirt.And he's always referred to me as, "Mommy."That's just the tip of the iceberg.I've been living with him, again, since I was roughly 18. I don't recall anything sexual happening in those years. But that's probably because he finds me to be disgustingly overweight. But he's kept up on the mental aspect. Controlling where I go, how I get there, how long I can stay, what I can wear and bring with when I go out. Degrading my character, screaming at me, or simply asserting his supreme authority.I'm finally in an almost 2 year long relationship [26M]. I broke down and told him about my abuse. We're moving out of state early next year and starting new. Until then I'm staying at his place in another city.I still need to get my stuff out of his house. I have some wonderful guy friends to help, but it's tearing me apart mentally to deal with this. I have Bipolar Type 1, General(ized) Anxiety Disorder, and, PTSD to ice this mental instability cake with.Sorry for any mistakes in my typing. I'm on mobile, and am too stressed to reread what I've typed so far to fix mistakes.TLDR; I have a past of sexual abuse from peers, I've recently admitted to myself my father sexually abused me for years. I'm finally moving away from him. Besides seeing a professional, which I am currently, how do I move on from this?
My boyfriend had an abusive upbringing. Watching his dad beat his mom, being beat himself, being poor, and being a victim of sexual abuse. For the most part, he is pleasant, funny, and smart, but when he drinks, he just stops caring about himself or life. Today was especially bad. He's been in a bad mood about the recent elections and decided to drink at a bar with friends. I picked him up, he looked as if he was annoying a lot of other patrons. He was going on about life being pointless. He was annoying me so I dropped him off at home and went to do laundry at my parents house.He began to send me dozens of texts. Threatening to kill himself. Saying goodbye. This has happened before. I took a nap for a bit and woke up to "I took all my Xanax. Please take care of my fish. I frantically drove to our place and found him watching TV in a daze with any empty prescription bottle next to him. He didn't care how upset I was. I lost it and slapped him as hard as I could. Once on the cheek and then on the head. I felt disgusting. He had told me that all the women he's ever dated have hit him at some point. I always figured it had to do with his childhood and his apathy when he's mad. Having 2 brothers, I never thought it was fair to hit a man if you expected the same respect back. I told him just because he never hit me, his suicide threats and attempts were abuse. He continued not to care. I threw his phone at the wall and at him and left.I feel disgusting. Like I turned into a monster. I'm not violent. I don't know what to do anymore.TL;dr I slapped my boyfriend, threw his phone at him, and threw a glass of water at his face after he text me he took all his Xanax and was going to kill himself.

I posted on this sub-Reddit awhile ago, and found out I'm emotionally abused.Just to sum it up, I found out I was bisexual and my dad found out. He sat me down for seven hours telling me I was sinning. I finally decided to just agree and keep my sexuality to myself. Ever since then, my depression, anxiety, and OCD has gotten much worse. My mom always tells me to stop blaming everything on my mental illnesses.I've been considering telling a teacher, but I'm afraid what I've gone through isn't enough to get me out of my house. I know I deserve it, I should've been more careful so my dad didn't find out, but I don't like the feeling of never being happy at home.I've also starting wearing a rubber band to stop myself from self harm.The teacher I want to tell is very accepting an kind, and she seems to like talking to me as more of a friend than an instructor. I trust her. I just don't want to tell her and not be able to get out of my house. 
I am living with my boyfriend and have been for 6 months. The first month I was here he asked me to spar with him since he wanted to practice and has experience in martial arts and boxing. I agreed and told him I didnt know how to fight well and he said it was ok. I fought with him and some of his blows were a bit hard but it was all fun and games. I landed a blow or two and jokingly said "I win" after a while his smile dropped and he started punching me really hard in the arm. He left my entire upper arm covered in bruises... I told him to not punch me tgat hard again and I brushed it off because yes I said ow but I didnt say stop. So eventually stopped sparring with him because he used excessive force on so many occasions when I did say stop.He has during argunents: called me names, yelled at me, cursed at me, threatened me, etc. Many times he has put me in a choke hold and tries to make me submit or make it seem like I was going to hurt him by saying "Are YOU done?" while choking me and painfully putting my arms behind my back.Today we were play fighting over a razorless (I took the razor out to clean it) safety boxcutter that i was cleaning and he pinned me down and tackled me for. I told him i wasnt done  cleaning it since I use it for work. He started ticking me and puttig himself ontop of me and trying to pry it from my hands. I didnt mind being playful and he grabbed a pillow and hit me with it. I got closer to him and he grabbed a 3ft metal stick that he trains with and smacked me in the legs with it not to hard at all. I grabbed his belt and tried to wrap it around his metal stick. Not once did I ever swing it at him or hit him with it. Then he grabbed me and started tickling me and i told him "youll never get it" he started being more and more rough and I said "Ow youre hurting me now! Stop." He didnt even reply to me then my arm started hurting and I tried to get away from him. He wrapped his arm aroundmy neck and put me in a choke hold i started coughig and said "Stop it already. Youre hurting me now" the just kept yanking me around by my neck and by this point I grabbed his arm and tried to pull it away from my beck which made him more rough. He pulled me backwards and i was choking and practically crying. He ignored me and didnt reply at all. Then he started pinning one arm behind my back which hurt a lot and still hurts... He slammed me over like folding my body in half because i was on the floor at this point. Which knocked the wind out of me due to how fast he did it. It also kind of twisted my neck really painfully and I stopped fighting him and started crying. He still kept choking me and i said stop repeatedly. He kept telling "Are you done?!" over and over. Obviously I was done I was crying and not even trying to remove his arm anymore. He kept shoving my face harder and harder into the ground. I wouldnt say I was done though. This is sick I know but... I would have let him kill me before I let him think he has broken my will.My question is:He says I provoked him I dont think so because he made it seem like he was playing with me when he was laughing and ticking me. And he hurt me and i dint at any point hit him back or anything beside pull at his wrist to get his arm away from my neck. Does it seem that way to you all?
Thank you for the tips, I can't delete this question but I put too much information to allow it to remain public due to the nature. This was only going to be a temporary account anyways for privacy reasons. Thanks again :)
 I just got out of a relationship with an abusive boyfriend. He belittled me, called me all kinds of names, yelled at me, hit me , Choked me, etc. how do I get over him when I loved him so much?
Hi all, this is an incredibly long story so i'll try be succinct as possible. One of my best friends started working at this new workplace around 2 months ago, as soon as she started, this guy- lets call him "Mr C", immediately came onto her. Before she knew it, they were in a casual sex type of relationship. This started to progress really quickly within a few weeks, with Mr C giving her an ultimatum saying that he wants all (a full out relationship) or nothing, she accepted with a bit of hesitance but she was already smitten. He then questioned her about the people she was seeing and deleted her tinder. It's so scary cause Mr C shows signs of being a mental abuser- he's extremely jealous, possessive, wanting to commit super quickly, plays the victim, smothers her with love and always entices her with sex.So heres the main concerns:He is 28 (she's 19, don't care about the age gap) and he only recently got his license. He couldn't get it because he had $5000 dollars worth of driving fines because when he was on his learners he drove by himself while under the influence of alcohol.We also know that he attempted to have sexual relationships with a 12-13 year old while he was 24. While 24 he actually had a sexual relationship with a 15 year old (considered statutory rape where we live). He admitted he has a history of dating girls with issues. Another ex girlfriend of his that happened to be a good friend of mines sister(small world), told us to warn my friend to stay away from him, how he was mentally abusive and refused to let her go, every time she tried to break up with him, approx 7 times he said he attempted suicide, he also stalked the girls house, on one instance claiming he had rat poison he was going to drink it and knock down their door if she didn't take him back. She ended up taking an AVO against him, which angered him even more so she revoked it out of fear.He's your typical violent when drunk guy, banned from multiple establishments due to fights, been in the paddy wagon(back of a police car) on at least 5 occasions. Also said how he got 'randomly' stabbed at a park..however i highly doubt you get 'randomly stabbed' when u have this type of history. He was in and out of foster care during his childhood so i understand he has some issues, however i don't believe its a good enough excuse to take advantage of other people. Even my friend said "I'm not scared that he'll hurt me, i'm just scared of what he can do to other people". I'm even terrified of being alone at night now, i can't wear my earphones in the gym late at night cause i'm terrified he'll be waiting to attack me, wanting to seek revenge on my friends and i for not supporting him. I carry scissors in my handbag- even though my friend claims he's a nice guy, his past shows what he's capable of and it terrifies me.These are only the main important points not even the whole story. My friends and i are so so worried for her safety, a lot of times when she goes AWOL we drive by her house every time even if its the middle of the night to see if her cars there and if she's okay. She's stopped going to university and started to push all her friends and family away- it's like he's become her whole world. I can't just leave it because I'm so scared he's going to hurt her. I know people need to learn themselves. If anyone has advice or similar experiences please share! Her biggest excuse that it's the past and he's changed. He's changed his last name multiple times so we can't even look him up. She seems like a totally different person, she refuses to look at him in that way, it's just like she's been brain washed. It looks like Mr C has always gone for vulnerable girls- whether they be vulnerable in the aspect that they have issues or that they are easy to influence because of their young age(and in my friends case lack of street smarts, her trustworthy nature and naivety) .He's told her so many things that he has been unashamed of, I'm scared of the stuff he hasn't told her and is ashamed of.We tried supporting and being there for her- this doesn't work as she still continues to see him and she's ecstatic when both her friends and Mr C are all happy. However we can't support her when she's supporting a guy who is essentially a pedophile, it feels dirty. She implied that the most effective way for her to take things seriously, is for us to not speak to her as that's when she realises that a serious decision needs to be made. So as of today, we told her that we can't go on like this- however anytime she wants to be friends with us again or needs help that she is welcome back with open arms. As much as we don't want to push her closer to him, i think this is what needs to be done. What to do? Advice would be appreciated. Thanks heaps if you're still readingTLDR: Friend is dating guy with bad history, early signs of abusive relationship occurring. Is my group overreacting and how should we go about it?
 I am a 36-year-old woman in an abusive relationship. He hits me, chokes me, daily tells me how stupid I am, calls me every horrible name you could think of, etc...  but I truly love him. How do I make the relationship better?  Not leave, but make it better.
So, I've been discussing my home life with my friend recently, and she suggested I do some research on mental abuse. I've gone through about every psychology page I could find, but I'm still not sold on the fact I might not be mental abused. I guess that's what brought me here.Over the summer, I found out I was bisexual. I was terrified, living in a homophobic family, so naturally I kept it to myself. But, somehow, a few weeks later, my computer was searched by my dad and he found out, seeing my history from when I was wondering what exactly 'LGBT' was.His solution? Sitting me down on a couch for 7 hours telling me it was a sin. I finally gave in and told him I would stop 'sinning'. Ever since that day, my depression has gotten worse tenfold, my anxiety increased majorly, and my OCD has been taking over.Now, I'm faced with constant criticism from my mom, who says I should stop using my depression and anxiety as a scapegoat, and stop thinking I have OCD. (I have all of those mental illnesses, as I was diagnosed a month ago.) My head is filled with fear if they were to find out I didn't 'stop' being bisexual, and I am on the brink of self harm.I feel like I'm suffocating every day, and I want to escape- it's like I'm drowning in no water. It's not like I can go anywhere either- I'm a freshman in highschool.In all honesty, I don't see this getting better anytime soon.On another note, I feel no love for my parents anymore. After everything that's happened, I wouldn't feel anything if they died.They support me, they feed me and clothe me, and they like me going out with friends, but it's like when I try to have my own personality, it's wrong. When I say I have mental illnesses, it's automatically an excuse.It's a bit of a messy post, but I'd like to get opinions from others who have experienced mental abuse.

When my most recent ex broke up with me, she gave me a breakup letter that said a lot of incredibly hurtful things. Apparently she realized this after the fact, but here's the point of contention:My brother told me that a while ago someone (he believes it was her friends, not her,) brought up him stealing the letter so that I could not show it to other people.From my perspective this is someone who deliberately wants to destroy evidence of what my ex did/said to discredit what I say about the breakup. From my brother's perspective it's only gaslighting if my ex outright denies what she did.Am I wrong here? This feels like semantic bullshit...
My grandmother and I have a strained relationship. I have poor memory and probably blocked a bit of this out, but bear with me.Ever since I can remember my grandma would get very angry/upset at the drop of a hat. I have a particular instance in mind.When I was around 7-8 yrs old my grandmother came over and was cleaning house (common occurrence. bugs the hell out of my dad) and me and brother were helping. At some point she was already stressed and was looking through the garbage and found one of those puzzle erasers. She asked me if I put it in there and being the conflict-avoiding seven year old I was I said no. She accused me of lying and began to whip me with a belt. What really sticks in my mind is that while she was doing it she yelled the Ten Commandments at me and forced to repeat "thou shalt not lie" over and over. By then it was time for lunch and she took us (me and bro) to Wendy's. I guess she was still mad at me because she made me sit alone at a separate table than her and my brother. I felt so bad I couldn't eat, just sit and cry. I don't remember much after that.Recently though I started taking a theater tech class at my school and was shadowing a student controlling the lights at a show. I accidentally dropped something and it made a loud noise, and the director got mad at me and made me sit in a different row ( I was sitting behind her and student at the time.) It reminded me of the incident and I had a panic attack. So is what my grandma did abusive?
I want to help a friend with his independence from his parents more than anything but I was directed here anyway. A friend of mine in his 20s, who is high functioning/aspergers, lives with his overprotective mother and dick of a father, described a scenario to me recently. He said that his dad threw a dog toy at his "most sensitive area" (my friend is very polite) and laughed about it. I can't be sure what level of abuse happens on a daily basis, but it does tell me that there is no respect for him despite him being an adult. I just asked him what else his parents do, he said his mother never does things like that (but I can assume she doesn't stop it from happening either), but his dad; says stupid stuff, makes him feel dumb, steals his food, and then makes my friend feel like it's his fault that his dad does these things. I can't accurately say what level of dependence he has on his parents, but they obviously don't think he can be independant.. what should/could I do if I should do anything at all?
Btw sorry for the huge amount of crazy text. This is as short and cohesive as I can do right now cause of exhaustion and hunger. (Not trying to make excuses. >.<)So I don't really know where to start...My brain is really scattered right now and I'm alittle panicky. I'm 19,don't have any family to turn to anymore,and I can't stay with my bf or close friend since they don't have room/I stayed with my bf once and felt horrible about being a burden on their family cause they don't have alot money already and I have social anxiety and was really emotional and crying from what had happened before I stayed with them. His fam is very,very open and close. I'm not used to it and get extremely nervous around them/embarrassed about my situation. Currently I'm in GA with my grams. I came to her cause I didn't have my birth certificate or ss card and my mom refused to give them to me after I broke down and called her since I had found a job while staying with my bf. I had been asking my mom for help (Like money fo. My GED since she was paying for private school) but she kept refusing and saying my grandparents wouldn't like it. This isn't new (when I went to therapy, they told her it was a waste of time and money, so we snuck around going.) but it hurt since that was my last hope she would do one thing to help me. I didn't want to but I called my dad. And my dad/grams said they would help even though I just wanted them to mail my docs. They flew me out here and said I could leave any time...That was my condition. My dad paid for my GED and my grams was there when I cried and let it all out. Then they stopped helping and started abusing. I've managed to do everything I can so far while here. I got my ged and food stamps card while they were alittle nicer and willing to take me places. Now I'm trapped and feel insane/foolish for falling into this trap. I was in houston before with my mom/grandparents and they were extremely stealthily abusive/controlling. It reached a boiling point when my grandpa knocked my brother (17 and going to the military. Thank god he'll get out okay) in the chest and stomped on him. (All my immediate family is extremely abusive in a way. My mom left my dad when I was 7, cause he beat her all the time. But her parents control her now and she's just given up and is extremely passive with them but was emotionally abusive to me. She's coming back to Atlanta when my brother graduates to be with her boyfriend who is the exact same as my dad except physically.) So I thought she would finally leave. She wouldn't and said it didn't matter. So I left cause I reached my breaking point and refused to live like that anymore. Things had never gotten that far but there have been incidents. (This was in aug. I was 18 and stayed with my bf for about a month. It was hard since I don't have a car and didn't have those documents.) I've struggled with depression/anxiety/ADHD since 13 but was finally doing REALLY good before the incident in august. Finished seeing my awesome therapist,I had a job,was about to be out of school,and my life was pretty good besides things at home. I had started to become less dependent on my family. Which was really good since before I had definitely been codependent on my mom. I was naive and thought things would be more stable now despite the warning signs. I had so much hope and was looking forward to moving on from my past. I actually liked who I was. Which was a huge thing for me. (Depression had been really bad at 16 and I stopped going to school/started being a sucky person) Now I'm in a worse situation. My grams is OCD and depressed. She screams and cusses me out everyday because nothing is perfect in the house. It's so bad that after I take a shower and clean up, she comes in and starts to say how lazy and nasty and worthless I am. Which started me avoiding taking one while she was here. In the beginning I thought maybe helping clean would work. I've always cleaned up. I like cleaning. It doesn't bother me. But it got worse. And my dad and uncle and grandpa avoid the house/her. So I thought spending time with her would help. Instead it dragged me down and made it worse. Since I don't have a car/little money and am in a slightly bad/isolated part of a small town I can't get places. I can't leave the house to do things or go to a future job/community college. I've tried everything. In houston I used metro and had support from good and positive people that would pull me back from the hopeless edge when things got too scary. After being here for almost a 2 months I had became extremely suicidal and depressed and isolated myself just to get away from her negativity. That's been my lowest point in my life so far. My bf is a wonderful and beautiful soul but I couldn't even talk to him anymore. Which hurt him so much. This whole situation hurts him too and I can't believe that he's stuck with me since August 24 when this all began. (There's been some horrible days where I would just cry on the phone with him for example.) I've went days without saying a word or asking to be taken somewhere I needed to go since it would just get me screamed at or my request ignored. I called my old therapist as a last resort on Tuesday. I had spent sunday obsessively planning my suicide and monday I almost went through with it but couldn't..But my will to keep going was gone. She is helping me but she said I need to be in Houston again since this situation is destroying who I am/was and she can't completely help me from here.  I know she's right. Even when I was homeless in houston I was happier and getting things done. I'm so lucky in the fact that I don't drink/do drugs,can pass a background check,have a working phone to look up all this advice and apply for resources, and a couple beyond words people that actually want me to be okay and have a life outside of this awful abusive/controlling cycle that my family seems content with living in. The only problem is right now that when I come back I don't have a place to stay again. This time I can do things  and apply/get help but I have no place to stay temporarily. Shelters aren't a option. ._. I've really thought about it and being 19 year old girl who looks 16 and has two suitcases full of clothes and food/toiletries is asking for all sorts of trouble. Among the fact that they aren't guaranteed and you can only be there for a place to sleep 1 night usually. I have called all the transitional housing places in houston but I need to physically be there to go through the process. I'm thinking about staying in a extended stay hotel but that cost money I don't have currently. My therapist and me have exhausted every option. I feel very frustrated but grateful but frustrated since I know all the things to crawl my way out of my homelessness but I can't, without a place to stay temporarily thats safe. I ways to get places and have ways to get help and clothes and food and mail. (Upsstore box is gonna be my route) I've even started doing online jobs to get alittle money for the mailbox and to pay off the future debt cause...I''m considering a horrible credit card just to use for the hotel for a week, while I settle and go out to get things down. It would be around $600 for a week. I would have to start paying the min. in December. The interest is insane but this is my last resort. Being in debt before I truly start my life makes me scared but should I think of it as a  investment? My end goal right now is just getting enough money from the gov/a part time job/online jobs and renting a apartment through new hope housing. Which is $700 a month and is designed for people who were homeless/very low income. Its amazing and nice and safe with support services and free utilities/cable. Plus each complex is near a bus stop which for me is so very important since no car. All you have to do is pass a background check and be by yourself/low income. Thats me. Except the money/temporary housing to get there. To anyone who has actually read this thank you so much for even taking the time. I know its a horrible and long essay. I'm usually a much better writer. XD If you know about a temporary place to stay in houston for about a week-a month than YOU ARE AMAZING. ^^ Or any advice about what to do before I get there. Or just any advice about adjusting after being in a abusive and isolated household.  I'm scared to see people I know in person again. Like my bf or even therapist. I did have an ID but I got a georgia one. That's another thing thats causing me a headche since I have to be in texas resident for 30 days before getting a new one, but I can keep mine till it expires? But I can't be a resident since I have no place to stay. >.< The hotel is nice and close to my bf/therapist/bus stop/outside the loop in the energy corridor. I don't know. I'm trying not panic but ah. I haven't applier for the credit card yet. Or the bus ticket though my therapist says I need to do it even if I'm terrified of leaving since this environment will destroy me. But I am pretty terrified of leaving. I never knew how much money went into doing alot of things. And will never be that dependent on people financially/kind of emotionally again. (Also I didn't know whether to post this in the Houston or homeless or abuse section. Sorry. >.<)
hello i am a 15 year old 4'9, 120 pound girl (i'm just figuring my weight age and height would be asked about) and i have been abused for a good 6 years by my mom. my mom isn't very big either only 5'0 and 160 at most and she's 36. She was diagnosed with chronic depression (as was i) but im starting to think it's something else. my mother has choked me, punched me, slapped me, kicked me, thrown several baseballs at me and boy do those hurt, thrown my fathers workboots at me and hit me with a baseball bat once. I've only been hospitalized once for a giant split in my lip from her ring after she punched me in the face but other than that i've just dealt with it. I've never ever hit her back, because despite her abuse i love her very very much.i have 3 other (younger) siblings and none of them are treated this way. I don't know if it's because i make sure my  mother gets that far with my other siblings, since they are quiet a bit younger and even if they weren't nobody deserves this. My mother doesn't hit my dad either and it's not because he's scary but i think it's because she actually loves him and i hope he doesn't realize how fucked up she is.anyway i just, i want to know what's wrong with her, why her anger is taken out on me and why at such random times. She has an obsession with a clean house but doesn't every mom. She doesn't seem to get that abusing me is a bad thing either, just tonight she said everyone does this when they get upset enough. i also told her one day she's gonna kill me and she responded with 'well at least something around here will get done.' maybe she has anger issues? she says i do nothing and constantly tells me i'm not good enough when she's in a bad mood. She's also made me not want to have a good day because when i have a good day she's mad because she didn't have a good day and then my day turns to shit. I don't like hanging out with my friends in fear she'll get mad. I also have what i would describe as panic attacks whenever i hear someone walking or stomping loudly in a hallway and i flinch every time someone moves their arm. i just really needed to vent too, it makes me feel a little better. My mom should be ok again tomorrow.it was probably my fault anyways, she told me to vacuum and i forgot. i really could be helping out more too, if i did she wouldn't get so mad. she's got 4 children that's a lot to deal with even if she's a stay at home mom.
Hi all-After a 4 year string of 3 emotionally (one borderline physically/emotionally) abusive relationships in a row, I feel like I need help.I'm starting to get more and more involved with a guy who told me that he used to be emotionally abusive to his ex after he got upset at me for going out one night.  He claims that he's working on improving, but that's a whole other story.I need therapy.  Reddit thinks it's a good idea, my best friend pointed out that I keep falling into the same pattern of finding a guy, and making excuses for increasingly bad behavior, and I'm frustrated that I keep ending up with emotionally abusive/manipulative guys.Okay, so, therapy:I have a lot of trouble talking to people about personal things.  The one or two times that I tried talking to a counselor about depression, my mind either went blank or I broke down crying and couldn't have a productive conversation.Is therapy something that can help me with whatever it is about me that attracts really shitty guys?  If so, how can I get over my inability to talk to people about my life problems?Thanks, I'm just very very broken.  
I'm not exactly sure when it began but my Dad always seems to find ways to molest me when I am asleep. Everytime I begin to wake up he rushes away like nothing is happening. A few days ago I woke up and found my panties off and my legs spread wide open and between my legs was very wet. I have to take medicine that makes me sleep really hard so I never seem to wake up in time to see him doing things to me. I feel like I'm going crazy sometimes because what if I am imagining the whole thing in my dreams because it's always when I'm asleep. He looks at me in the most odd ways that make me feel strange. I do not know what to do. 
I am that guy who is making the complaint.....
I'm in a relationship with a woman 7 years older than me (Im 24). I've had a history of mental illness and bd relationships in the past, and I would consider myself possessing some traits of borderline personality disorder (emotional instability; fear of abandonment; identity instability). I know we're not compatible; since the start of the relationship I still had an interest in other girls, and still do. After an initial one night stand, I signalled I did not want a relationship. I did not talk to her or kiss her. But she kept on trying to force her way onto me. Eventually we slept together a second time, and she began to act desperate and say a lot of things which I knew weren't true such 'it's only once or twice in life that people like us meet.' etc. And eventually I thought 'what the heck.' At the time I met her I was depressed, and so in that state of mind I eventually gave in to the idea of having a relationship with her 'just to see how things went.' (Not good, I know).Well during the relationship I felt I had to tread round egg shells to make her not mad, since she has this excessive temper that is usually directed at other people. She also gets irrationally angry when I talk to other girls, which has put boundaries on the people I associate with. And on one hand I feel that I genuinely have affection for her, but it's not a relationship I ant to be in. On there other hand, I have this tremendous sense of abandonment and fear for her wellbeing if I do split up. And so the relationship went through ups and downs, but the key point through all of this is that I never really felt free in the relationship.The cycle was like this: she would get excessively mad at me for something I did, then she would threaten to leave, then I would apologise. Now 1 year later, on holiday she accused me of sleeping with a girl that I never slept with, and this was the final straw for me. I kept hold of my abandonment issues, and I just let her believe it. I thought 'what kind of relationship is this in which I have to set like an emotional punchbag to make someone else feel better, and all I get is hassle and guilt.' Well, at the climax she spat at me, pushed me around, and slapped me multiple times. She then hurled a lot of abuse at me pulling at all the insecurities I have: that I'm crazy, that I can't get other girls, that she has wasted her time with me, that I'm worthless, that she could have spent time with a 'powerful man' or a 'worthy' man rather than a 'degenerate' like me, that I had a neurotic relationship with my father, that I was talentless, and that I would eventually commit suicide.Now I was prepared to end it at that point, but for some reason I let her cool down till she was rational, then we slept that night. Now two days later we had a similar argument, although less intense, and this time I gave her the girl's phone number who she thought I messaged. She called her and found out that we were only friends. And there really wasn't an apology for the abuse, just a recognition she was wrong. At this point I was thinking of letting go, but I would wait until the holiday ended.At home, we Skype called. Then she said out of the blue 'I think we should split up' and sent messages saying 'thanks for being you, I loved you etc.' and I was in turmoil that night, and 4 hours later mustered the courage to end it, and sent her a long message. Then she replied immediately saying she was not ready for leaving me. I refused to call. The next day, she kept messaging me. Eventually she called me and told me she wants to stay with me, and she'll look after me. Now I know at this point that I'm dealing with a volatile person, and so I remain 'in the relationship' but I am waiting for a good moment to walk out that will minimise the damage done to both of us.She told me that night we argued that she has bipolar disorder. 1 year into the relationship, then she tells me. She also tells me that I'm her 'attachment figure' and she cant function without her attachment. So Im paranoid about whether or not I'm mixing sympathy and pity for love, and whether she is using me in some twisted way to sustain her damaged emotional system. Either way, I feel I have to force myself to change to keep the relationship going, and over time I' scared these negative feelings will only grow. The worst part is that after 1 year I do have a genuine attachment to her, and I think she does to me too. I'm not sure if I am the one abusing her due to my own psychological disorder: for example, she genuinely has affection for me but I'm too twisted to see it (she has experience working as a psychoanalyst). Or, perhaps she is genuinely manipulating me for her own ends, and I'm mixing pity with love? I don't know.  
I reported my dad for animal abuse and going to the police station tomorrow, I am being guilt tripped by my aunt to tell my mom but don't think I should. I'd like to know what's going to happen etc. I'm scared to death of telling her myself and she's likely to side on with my dad even though I have audio of what he did a few days ago. 
I'm really not sure where to begin, because I'm not that sure when it all began. Unfortunately I didn't have one abuser, it wasn't contained to a single scenario. I'm not sure what about me attracted this attention. Was it because I fit some kind of easily targeted demographic? Scrawny, asthmatic, ect? I am Male by the way. There is simply too much to recount here in a single post. I've recently uncovered a lot of these memories, most of which I had either suppressed or convinced myself was a good normal experience.At first I was all to keen on chalking it all up to kids being kids. The more I've remembered the less and less 'Okay' I've become. I tried to talk to friends, and it was helping me to remember and to cope. But, it just made them uncomfortable. I really don't blame them who would want to listen to this? I tried talking to my mother and she more or less made it all about her. Where she went wrong, how couldn't she have known..So here I am looking for someone to talk to, to tell my story to. I'll share on overview of some of whats happened.When I was 6 or 7 I had a female baby sitter who was a junior in high school. my parents would hire her for date nights. She was the sweetest girl in the world when everyone was around. She would come out early to help with chores and even watch whatever movies I wanted to. But when she turned off my bedroom light at night, she was very different. After getting out of bed several times and not listening she resorted to spanking me. Pulling down my pants and spanking my bare rear. Her hand grazed my privates and I had a natural human response. She laughed and poked fun. She started to flick it and tease it. Long story short once she found out I wasn't yet able to produce, and there would be no mess she would hold me down and rub and play with the most sensitive parts of me, causing me to squirm and writhe in the most sinfully pleasureful pain I've ever endured. This would last as long as she felt.Like I said I'm not sure what happened in what order but another story from a close age 7 maybe 8 at this point. This was spread out over the coarse of a year or more. I was at another sitters/day care in the mornings before the bus came for school, One of the girls would be dropped off early and still asleep. An older boy started taking advantage of how heavy she slept. Then he got a group of the boys together to do whatever they wanted with her. I had a crush on her and when I found out I ran in to save her like some kind of knight. This backfired, they ganged up on me and beat me up. They tried to force me into playing too. I refused to hurt her, they said her or me. I still refused, so they did to me what they were doing to her. This went on a while not just once or twice, Until she finally looked at me and told me it was ok, to do as they asked. So shamefully I did. Next thing I knew the sitter had changed her 'practice' and only kept a small handful of kids. Me and the girl were two. They would orchestrate some kind of dress up and 'house' between us, (they being the sitter and her husband) would film us 'playing house' or on a honeymoon.So it's been 20 years and I had forgotten but my subconscious never did, it shows in the relationships I've had and my sexual prowess, I need some kind of help talking through this and connecting the dots in my life so I can over come, forgive, love, learn, grow, and let go.Thanks for anything.

I am a 31(F), married to a 33(m), but we are currently in different states. After a particularly bad argument 2 weeks ago that turned into a physical attack on me. I chose to leave with pretty much the clothes on my back. He has always been a bit controlling, but I didn't notice it until years later. He would tell me that all we needed were each other, and that we should just focus on being married (with no outside distractions). I ended up cutting off contact with a lot of my friends because of him, I stopped wearing make up because he said I didn't need it (he eventually said he wouldn't mind it but only if he's around...). He would ask me for my phone, so he could go through it, and for the past 7 years, I found myself walking on eggshells around him. Most of the time, I found myself desperately trying to convince him that I wasn't cheating on him, and I was constantly watching what and how I said things, so I didn't set him off. I would tell him that some things said and did would hurt my feelings, but I was met with, "you're being silly" or "it was a joke, I don't know why you're taking it so personal". Sometimes, "fine, I won't joke with you like that anymore."We had a lot of good times, too but I had to leave. Now that Ive left him, and we've already discussed that divorce is inevitable, I feel guilty for just picking up and leaving. I know I shouldn't but I can't shake it. All I want to do right now is text him, so he knows that I'm thinking about him.  I feel like I'm going absolutely crazy.I just need some advice on how to handle my emotions because I have no idea how to keep them in check.Thank you for listening.
Welp... this is going to be a long post, so I apologize for that in advance. I hope you keep reading until the end!I'm 20(F). My mom got pregnant with me when she was 17. My father at the time was 24. They originally lied to my grandma about his age because if she knew how old he was, she would have had him jailed for statutory rape. Their relationship continued on, in a downhill spiral. He continued on to disappoint her among many things. He didn't show to her high school graduation and from what I know, he just started to change right before her eyes (after she got pregnant). I'm his first child and her only child. My mother had plans to go to college so after my birth and spending a small amount of time with me, she went off to college and left me with my grandma. Of course I formed a super close and tight bond with my granny and she's like my mother more than my biological mother. My granny is my backbone and she's my everything. I don't have much of a childhood memory before like age 6, but I remember that I was homeless for some time. My mother apparently missed me very much in college and it caused her to cry and be miserable more than often. She didn't complete her degree and ended up coming home and not going back to a physical school. During my mom's stay in college, she ran into a guy who's name I will change for the purpose of the story. Brian* was a very charming man. He had an expensive car, nice clothes, expensive things, and she said he smelled very nice. He was rich and he was very educated and my mom began to be interested in him. They soon started chatting and before I knew it, we were moving to Georgia to be with Brian. Brian was an odd guy to me and to the rest of my family. He had a weird attitude and he did odd things. Brian expressed that he NEVER wanted children and he did not like children. When he married my mother after moving to Georgia, that very thing proved to be a huge problem for Brian because of me. Brian hated me. Well, in my mature mind I can say that Brian was abused and he just did what was done to him. Brian began to abuse me into their marriage. I was hit and punched and bruised up. I was beaten and later, molested. Brian took pleasure in doing these things. He would come into my room late at night, take off all of my clothes, and play with me. I was a little confused because I liked it and I didn't like it. I guess I liked the attention, but I thought it was wrong and there were plenty of times when I wanted to work up the courage to tell my mom, but didn't. I thought she would be mad because she was normally an angry woman. There were many other incidences with Brian, but I won't go into too much detail. This continued on from the ages of 6 to 9 years old. I was forced to turn off my emotions to be able to deal with it. If I had kept my emotions on, I would have died. In order to stay safe, I just turned them off and I lay there while he had his way with me. By the time I was 10, they got a divorce and my mom left him.. One thing that Brian provided for us was financial stability. There were 2 cars. A nice apartment. $3,000 cook wear. Expensive, custom made jewelry, expensive clothes, shoes etc... There was no financial struggle until later on in my life.My mom and I moved out into our own apartment. During this time I became very curious and I started doing some odd things. I started watching porn heavily and I began masturbating to rape videos and things of that nature. I became VERY angry and used masturbation as a means to blow off steam. I became addicted to it and did it often, even in front of my mother when I was mad. I always associated orgasms and fingering with anger and I always felt some of the anger go away when I would masturbate and orgasm. When my mom would go to work, I would invite boys over to kiss them and play video games with them. I would also kiss and flirt with girls. There was one girl whom I spent a lot of time with, Jenny*. Jenny was the first girl I kissed and I did sexual things with. I kissed her, played with her breasts and fondled her during playtime, at her house, and at the swimming pool. Shortly after, I began exclusively watching porn with big breasts and I have been addicted to that since then. I still watch porn that mostly deals with women with big breasts.My mother began to fall apart. First she got divorced. Then her father died. Then she lost her job. It all seemed to happen at once. She ended up having to move out of her apartment and into an apartment with my grandmother. My grandmother lived in a one bedroom apartment and that's where all three of us would live until 2010, when I turned 14. There, we struggled greatly. After my mother's marriage and divorce, she of course experienced a pretty bad depression. We moved in with my grandma and my mom started staying in bed and sleeping all day. She of course wasn't making any money, but she was receiving unemployment. My grandmother has been on a fixed income (social security) forever. During this time, my mom and grandma formed a HORRID gambling addiction. It ate up all of the money and I was often left to struggle with a few articles of clothing that were washed over and over again. We were receiving food stamps and we had food for most of the days, but I have spent MANY days hungry and without any food. I know that feeling of sitting still somewhere just begging God for food. We didn't have a car and often not enough money to ride the bus, so I have walked MANY days in the blazing summer heat and freezing cold for groceries and other supplies. I have walked miles carrying 6 or more heavy bags of groceries just to be able to eat. It was so hard and I didn't feel like a child at all... I felt like an adult. I also began to help my mother and grandmother manage their money and incomes to have more money for us (I was about 12 years old helping them to realize that they had a gambling addiction as well as find ways to save money). When my mom started her own business (which has crashed because she essentially scammed her customers) I ran it with her. It started when I was 16 and continued until I ran away. I worked for free. I know this might pail in comparison with everything else I said, but I really felt like my childhood was stripped away from me during those 4 years of walking miles in the heat and cold, counting food stamps, counting money and trying to save money, etc.. My mom also temporarily left me with my grandma and I felt destroyed by that. I felt abandoned. During this time, I discovered that my grandma had an alcohol addiction and her son (my uncle) did too. I spent many nights seeing them getting hammered and destroyed by liquor. My uncle would pee on himself and break things when he was drunk. My grandma just had normal symptoms (slurred words), but she was still her kind self. My uncle and his wife also fought a lot so I was definitely subjected to their ugly arguments and fights that resulted in him coming to our apartment bloodied and bruised up. She threw boiling hot water on him one time, you should have seen him. It was a real life nightmare. That was definitely an interesting 4 years of my life... It changed a lot of things in me.We eventually decided to move (THANK GOD!) and we went back to GA... only this time, granny tagged along. The next 4 years (14-18) compared to the last 4 years seemed to not be so bad. I had always gone to a public school, but after being zoned in an area with a bad highschool, I chose homeschooling. I eventually became antisocial and spent my summers and those 4 years cooped up in the house with very few chances to go hang out with friends. We didn't have a car. We had very little money. My mom was just starting her business. There were lots of arguments. My mom had a lot of hatred towards my grandma. My mom spent a LOT of time yelling at me (like she'd always done). She'd yell at me until I was in tears and in a corner crying. Eventually, I stopped crying when she would yell and I'd just stare blankly at her. She'd started doing that when we lived with my grandma and after 8 years of being constantly screamed at, I guess a part of myself just shut down and said "fuck it". She would constantly pressure me to create ideas to make money for us and she would get mad if I spent my time watching makeup videos instead of trying to make my way into the entrepreneurship world. I would ask her for clothes and shoes and things and she would always yell at me and tell me to go get a job. I was 15/16... so eventually I did. I made a little money at my first job, Six Flags. Eventually I had to quit and I was forced to hand over the majority of my last check for rent. All of my birthday, Christmas, and holiday money was taken for food, cigarettes, and other things we needed. I began dreading any day where I'd receive anything because if they knew money was coming, they were already asking for it before it got in my hands. I continued to spend more days struggling, hungry, crying, angry, miserable. I self harmed. My only outings were to Walmart to buy supplies for us and for the house. My mom was heavily into Christianity (still is) and she would always watch sermons and give her money to Christian organizations and their preachers. She began doing that when we lived with my grandma and by the time I was in highschool, it became a bad habit. One time she donated $1000. I hardly had enough clothes or shoes or anything, really. Sometimes I barely had soap. We lived in a raggedy apartment where there were issues with leaking, clogging, and the electrical box. Our heater sometimes went out in the winter forcing us to gather together with our blankets to try to stay warm.My mom eventually completely lost her shit. My grandma cut her foot on a rock and eventually the cut got infected. My grandma had to leave to go have surgery on her foot and went back home for the support of our family. This left me and my mom homeless and we would spend the next 2 years that way. When my grandma left, my mom let her delusions flow. She believed we were destined to marry celebrities and fight demons. She had me to study the demons that we were to fight and every night in our dreams, we would take them down. I began having nightmares every night. I would have nightmares of children being raped and molested and then I started having them of my ex-step-father molesting me like he did. I would also have dreams of demons, but they were more like real people attacking me. My mom thought that I was spiritually gifted because of these dreams and she would encourage them. In no time, she had me thinking the way she did (never fully, though) and she thought I was wrapped around her finger. I always doubted her because her reality never matched the real reality. We lived in so many hotels and different places. We lived in over 30 different places in one year and after that, I stopped counting. We traveled all over the country in the race to meet the celebrities and get married to them. She had a guy all picked out for me and she told me that all I had to do was meet him for it to happen. She said he would know and I would too. She believed that she would marry Tyrese Gibson. Her delusions only continued to flow and get stronger. She eventually thought she was God. She thought she had the power of life and death in her hands. She heard voices talking to her. She'd spend hours listening to sermons and eventually got so submerged that she stopped working on her business. We started drowning. We weren't able to pay for our hotels. Sometimes we were threatened with sleeping on the streets. We constantly asked people for money. We spent many, many more days hungry and struggling for simple things. Every struggle that we had, she was able to "justify". We're hungry and have no food? God is making us "fast" to get the bad things out. We have no money? God is making it so that when we have money, we don't become crazy with it because we know what it's like to not have it. There was an excuse for everything. She was VERY emotionally and psychologically abusive. Eventually I started a tutoring business after I graduated (she took my graduation money btw) and when I started consistently making money tutoring, she took that too! It was forced out of my hand for paying for our hotel and food and she said it was supposed to be that way. I was frequently insulted and torn down on a daily basis. I asked her one day why she tore me down so much and she said it's because she had too. I eventually became so desperate that I wanted to kill myself and often thought of doing it. She told me I was too low to be her daughter... too low to belong to God. She told me I should be dead. She told me I'd fail in life amongst many other things. I died there. I really did. All of my hopes and dreams were shattered and I became a workaholic with her to help her save her business, my business, and keep us afloat. I became extremely depressed and suicidal and one day, I ran away...I ran away to the family that I tutored for. I tutored their son and he was 17. I stayed there for 6 months. They also had a little son who was 4. I eventually ended up becoming his primary caregiver  in the house (to the point that he called me mommy). I also worked 60 hours a week in their family owned business for free (they justified it as me working to pay for the rent that I owed them). I also cleaned their house every weekend and even cooked for them. I became their slave in exchange for a place to live. The father in the household made suggestive comments towards me along with mean and berating comments about my appearance. He told me I was unattractive. I needed to wear makeup to look pretty and like a woman. I needed to wear different clothes because I looked like a teenage boy. He said so many mean things and I took them all to be able to live there and away from my mother (who I believe is schizophrenic). Then one day, things escalated with their son...First it started off friendly and playful. A comment here, a comment there… “You’re one of the most beautiful girls I’ve ever seen” he said. Of course I was flattered and that’s not a good thing to be when you’re emotionally drained. I didn’t like the comments at first because I felt like it was inappropriate and you know, that’s their son. I’m not one of THOSE kinds of tutors. Oh and he was 17! I had just turned 20. The comments continued. They began to be less friendly and more sexual, but very subtly… “You’re my dream girl. You’re everything I’ve ever wanted in a girl and I can’t live without you. I want to have my kids with you.” I wasn’t really attracted to him. I was attracted to the attention he gave me. “You have a great body. I would love to have sex with you.” We started play fighting. That was the first time he ever gave me bruises, but they were “friendly” bruises. They weren’t intentionally harmful and he was shocked he could hurt me so easily. That’s when he discovered how much stronger than me he was and that’s when he began to play on his strength. He begged and BEGGED me to “wrestle” him and I finally caved after he begged. He dominated and once again proved his strength. It was building him. We built from strangers who barely spoke more than a few words to each other besides “Ready to get started for the day?” to wrestling and play fighting. Then it all starts to fade together. Time stamps disappear and acts start to fade together. The first time he called me a bitch or a whore or a slut… the first time he hit me… when he attempted to rape me… and when he actually raped me. It all blends together, even though each experience was different. He often called me a bitch, whore, slut, cock sucker. Everyday it was the same thing. After a while I got used to it. His verbal abuse was accompanied with physical abuse. He left me with bruises up and down my arms and legs from where he had grabbed my wrist to pin me down. Those bruises represented times where he was punching, slapping, kicking, or just restraining me to prove himself dominant. I took pictures of the bruises and what his anger did. “If I can’t have you, no one else will”… The first time he tried to rape me was on Easter. He came into my room before the sun was up. He got on top of me and he pinned my arms down. I struggled. “Get off of me! I don’t want to do this. Stop. Please. No.” He said “I’m going to rape you.” I’m going to rape you. He put his body weight on top of me and pulled my pants down as I struggled with him. Panties gone next. I struggled and I could no longer contain my emotions. I cried before he penetrated me and he stopped. He stopped dead in his tracks. His facial expression changed and he cried. He realized how he was hurting me. He ran out of my room and came back when the sun came up. It was on Sunday and it was our cleaning day, so I went about cleaning when he came to my room with $100. “I’m so sorry please take this money.” His way of apologizing. I refused. Payment for an attempted rape? No way. Then he told me he had a problem. He raped a girl when he was 13 and her parents called the cops on him. He suffered no consequences except for an ass whopping. Things bettered after the confession and the attempt. He was nicer. I wasn’t always a bitch, a slut, a whore, a cock sucker. Sometimes I was beautiful, smart, lovely… until I wasn’t. It began to sour again very quickly and I became all of those things at once. Then he did it. He came into my room very late at night and got into my bed. He humped me and played with me until I woke up. I protested. “Stop, please I don’t want to.” I protested more and his strength grew more. I knew what he was going to do. The more I fought, the stronger he got. Eventually he was on top of me and stripping my clothes away. Eventually I was naked and then he did it. He penetrated me. Then he raped me. He fucked me for a short while and I pleaded with him. “Please stop. You’re hurting me. It hurts.” When he stopped, I was crying again. I ran to the bathroom and I was bleeding… because I was a virgin. I wiped the blood away and I cleaned myself up. I got in bed and he left. He threatened to kill himself. I pleaded with him not to take his own life over me. He was already in my head. I had already taken the hits, the words, and now the rape. I told him I’d let him go and not tell anyone if he didn’t kill himself. He accepted and I let him go. I continued to be called a cock sucker, bitch, whore, slut…  until I left. I never looked back. Until now. The worst part about this? I wasn’t in a relationship with him.After all of that happened along with many insults and threats from the family later, I was kicked out at midnight. I fled to a nearby hotel and I stayed there for 2 days before moving to Hawaii with my (now) ex-boyfriend. We'd been talking since December of 2015 and it was now July 2016. I moved there and we started our relationship immediately, but it also went downhill immediately. He let me know that the relationship would not last and that it was very temporary. It broke my heart and I cried for days. I did everything I could to please him. I became more athletic. I ate healthier. I worked to help support us because he couldn't. After awhile though, the relationship started to fail even more. We did not connect like I thought we would. He was very cold a lot of times and not open to a lot of affection. He told me I was terrible with sex, but I was really just uncomfortable with sex because of all of the abuse. He made jokes about my abuse sometimes. I rarely was told that he loved me or that I was beautiful. Instead, he told me that I needed to change my hair and fix my face (I've had acne my whole life) and my body. He always ridiculed me and didn't seem appreciative of anything. This trend continued and I cried very, very often. He too called me a bitch, told me he hated me, told me to shut the fuck up, to go fuck myself... so many things. He grabbed my wrists and was a little physically abusive. He bit my leg once and I still have a scar there. I eventually just stopped caring one day. I don't want to say stopped caring, but I stopped feeling... that's the best way to describe it. He eventually told me he didn't love me and broke up with me. I'm leaving him in a few days to go start a new life with family who's aware of my situation and want to help, but I can't feel anything anymore.... so here's my question to you. What can I do to get back the ability to feel?PS: Just remembered I forgot to add something. I just found out that my mom knew of the abuse and she let it happen. She knew it was happening while it was happening. I also never had my biological father in my life and he's just now really entering my life.If you're reading this, thanks! It's such a long post and I left out SO many details because it's hard to recount everything, but I really tried. If you need clarity on something or you have questions, ask away. I'm an open book. I will answer anything.


Is this normal?  I still live with him, I'm 15 and he refuses to leave when my mom kicks him out.  The cops have proven to be useless at this point.  They always tell us he's just tired and to let him back in the house because he's clearly sorry.I think the thing that scares me most is I enjoyed the dream.  I woke up in a good mood.  In the dream, it started out as a very spur of the moment thing.  I had locked him out and he managed to get in so I stabbed him on the stair case.  He kept coming back and each time I killed him it was more planned out and I always felt very happy and accomplished.It just terrifies me that I could plan something out so well, execute it perfectly, and leave no trace.  Even if it was just a dream.  I got some sadistic joy from it an now, as he is standing in my kitchen, all I can think about is what it would really feel like, could I really do it, things like that.  What do I do?  I'm honestly scaring myself. 
I (F 25) was with my boyfriend (24) for 4 years and we recently broke up. I have taken this time apart to reflect on what happened and I have realised I was very very abusive. To name a few examples from the start of our relationship I would go through all his Facebook messages searching for things he would have said about me and if he got angry at me I would make him feel guilty about it all saying that he is clearly hiding things from me. I basically forced him to have no privacy. He also had a much lower libido than me which I made him feel terrible about. If something happened in my life that was bad (for example fail at work) i would tell him it's his fault because of the way he treats me. I would never let him say that he is sad about us and always put myself as the victim and say he hurt me so he's not allowed to be the one who is sad. I have also self harmed in the past, although I never said it was his fault that I did this (I always made a point to say it wasn't and that I had issues far before I knew him), I think to an extent I was still using this to get his attention. And all these things for four years. I think it made him stressed to a point where he would need to shut me out and I'd use that to say that he doesn't care about me and doesnt love me clearly. I'd go through stages of breaking up with him expecting him to come fight for me and if he didn't I'd say he didn't care for me. I think I've destroyed him, he's so stressed sometimes he struggles to sleep. I recently found out he's been seeking help for anxiety and depression. I have now stopped talking to him in the hope he gets his space and gets better. I am planning on going to a GP and sort my issues out now. I want therapy or counselling or whatever there is so that I never hurt someone I love again. It is really hard for him as well because all our friends see me as this saint, saying I'm one of the nicest person I've ever met. I have started owning up to people and telling them what I was like to him. I haven't done it with everyone but I'll get around to it. My problem I guess is that when we broke up, since I guess he doesn't even know I was emotionally abusive and still thinks he was bad but needs to deal with his anxiety (that he says stems from our arguments but not from me), he said he only wanted a break and wants to come back to me in a month or so to start fresh. I said I didn't want to (at the time not realising I was emotionally abusive i said it was because this relationship was too hurtful) but he said he would definitely come back. I love him so much but I would like an honest opinion whether it could work if I came clean to him while having counselling. The last thing I wanna do is hurt him again, and if I have to definitely let him go I will. (Just as a note I will not go back to him myself and if he realises during this break that he is better off without me I will not chase after him, I just want to know whether if he came back, it could work if I continued counselling and told him things as they are and he wanted to stay with me and work it out with me.) Tldr; I was emotionally abusive to my boyfriend but he does not realise it. We recently broke up (well he said it was just a break to him). I am seeking help but I am worried if he comes back (as he said he would) I will hurt him again. Can it work if I keep at counselling? 
I was abused by my mother for my whole life up until I was 16... the reason the abuse stopped was because she kicked me out...she did so many horrible things to me and my sisters that is it indescribable..ranging from slapping... kicking.. punching and even once tried to stab my older sister... theres so much more that happened in my life from my mother but this is all I can say right now for the reason that I will just be too emotionally strained if I explained and told my whole story seeing how its 4:50am in the morning and its only been like 7 months since my ordeal finally ended.
My mom is currently 46 year old and is emotionally immature. Throughout my life, I was constantly abused by mom for every little mistake that I did, which ranged everything from drinking a can of coke to not eating the spinach she bought. It's a funny story which I'll also add onto this text. I was 6 years old when I officially moved to a foreign country with my mother, and I still remember that feeling I had as a 6 year old who actually didn't know what was happening. I thought I was moving to the town nearby. I was extremely scared for no reason and I didn't understand why I was up until today. The reason I decided to post about this is because today, I had another major fight with my mother over a bag of spinach. That's right, a freaking bag of spinach, I can tell you now that I'm extremely frustrated still. I couldn't finish that specific bag of spinach and she was afraid of it becoming rotten, so she did the most sensible thing she could think of. Rage. It nearly went to a whole new level of fight where she almost jumped out the window for that simple matter of bag of spinach. I know that she most likely wasn't angry at me for that reason, but actually took out her frustrations on other things on me. I completely understand that and because I understand that, I also don't approve of it. As a victim of a mother who has a 4 year old's ability to control her emotions and have sometimes very strange reasons to throw tantrums, I have to say, I don't live an easy life. Due to her constant abuse, I've grown to have a low confidence, and whenever she's around, I'd have anxiety. When she's mad at me and scolding me for every little stupid thing, I literally go crazy. She's the one person in my life that can actually drive me to that point and I sincerely do not like that. So I'd like to say to you guys who also have experienced this form of torture from a mother being completely incapable of having a rational thought or logical reasoning, I'm sorry you have to go through that and I'm sorry again for the fact that you will still need to experience that until you move out. 
Um...ok. So im not sure if i hav abusive parents or not... They hit me a lot, & i come to school w/ bruises, & I have scars from them throwing me & hitting me (im super tiny). ive been hit w/  txtbooks, hangers, chairs, whatever, & always tell me that im dumb/retarded/stupid, & that i'm the worst kid (i have 2 siblings).They encourage my siblings to call me names & not to talk to me. theyre younger, but i'm still hurt i try 2 tell my sibs that i feel hurt & they laugh @ me. My parents try 2 convince me that all my friends r terrible, even tho they r the sweetest people in the world & accept me 4 who i am. They also expect me 2 be expert @ everything, like photoshop & coding, but as soon as i get on the computer 2 practice, they scream & hit me & tell me that i waste time & that im stupid. I go to a magnet school (means has curriculum a level above honors), & i even got an award (20 out of 600 people) for having one of the highest grades in the school. Ive tried 2 tell them that what they say hurts my feelings, & they said that they didnt care & that if i cared that i should leave 4 good & that they didnt like me anyway. This has been going on my entire life, & recently, i was diagnosed w/ atypical adhd, & anxiety. basically im special bc i have adhd but, im like good @ school and stuff. But my mom & dad r convinced that im lying 2 them even tho they were there during diagnosis. It makes me confused, bc somedays they're super nice & treat me like a human, & im thankful that they drive me 2 school and they give me good food & nice clothes and take me to swim. But other days they say how much they don't want me around. (i dont want 2 call the police, bc i luv them & i know they luv me they just dont know how 2). I try to act happy & peppy @ school, & am known as a positive & fun & hardwrking person, but i feel sad & anxious & dead inside. i want 2 tell my friends, but i'm scared they'll judge me. i'm scared they'll think im crazy. Is this abuse? Should i tell someone? What should i do? (srry if its a little scatterbrained & misspelled. also pleaz dont tell me 2 move out or run away or call police not options bc i want a future. pleaz. i need advice on how 2 calm them down & calm myself down)

I don't feel fully comfortable posting the story here especially since it could be triggering. I am looking for someone with experience or insight in polyamory and/or BDSM relationships. I'm sorry if this is the wrong place to post this, just looking for some insight. 
Exactly as the title says.Im kind of nervous about posting this.Im a 17 year old closeted queer person who is unable to fend for myself due to severe mental illness and inability to make decisions for myself due to never being allowed to do so. No I cannot move out in almost exactly 3 months when I become of age nor can I get a therapist.I Dont really know what I want out of sharing this, maybe kind words, maybe advice on how not to die until I somehow end up out of my situation, but I need to say it somewhere. So it doesnt feel like I imagined it. Also if the phrasing is weird or I didnt edit out a weird situational pronoun configuration I wrote this on and off while dissociating awhile back so I wouldnt forget anything else that happened to me due to me having poor memory about exact events, but keeping the feeling something wrong unless it was a huge and sudden event or I wrote it down. So sorry for that.*content warning for descriptions of csa(?), harassment, and abuse.*.I dont remember a lot of my early childhood, but some of my earliest memories are half-snippets of concerning behavior (all or almost all play was rping torture/vaguely sexual/weird medical situations[???] in which I or a character I deeply liked was the person being tortured, taking clothes off on command even in public, slept in the same room and most of the time in the same bed as the parents until I was like 8-9, baths supervised entirely until I was 11, oddly flirty/forward, mysterious bruises  on arms and legs and often dissociating) that conjoined with large memory blanks and little sensory snippets of fear/sensation of hands holding me down and heavy aversion to the phrase 'feel good' that makes me extremely suspicious about the things I dont remember.Then we have that time I was poisoned and had a severe dissociative episode and almost couldnt talk or move and almost died and no one listened to me that the water was tainted for like 4 days and our parents forced me to drink it in the meantime and I cant drink soda now because it tingles like the cleaning product in the water did and I am paranoid of tainted food.My fourth grade teacher outright bullied and gaslighted me all year. Tampered with my food, my grades(they were a number lower on a 1-4 scale then they should have been), was an abhorrent teacher and probably more things ive forgotten. My trust in authority went down by like 200% and started my food guarding behaviors.Being bullied and gaslighted through elementary and middleschool in general.My parents separating messily and the mother technically kidnapping me with her side of the family and I didnt get to say goodbye to my schoolfriends so she made me seem like I was lying when I said id see them tomorrow and instead I never came back. The mother being extremely emotionally abusive and gaslight-ey for most of middleschool to the point of me barely remembering any of those years.Varying... inappropriate behaviors from parents, comments of a sexual nature about/questioning from parental units, touching(non-sexual) when asked not to, the father not saying anything for a long time about how I used walk around in my underwear until like 14-15 years old? The father inspecting my underwear and trying really hard to talk about sex all the time, the mother claiming she ‘had a thing for ears’ and wouldnt quit touching mine even when asked, the mother multiple times having held me down and told me I was her property while laughing(I wasnt laughing and every terrifying breach of boundaries is a joke to her and im 'taking it too seriously'), the father when touching me using like these open palm hand kind of deals that feels sensual-ish like youd use on your lover not your family and its uncomfortable and I hate itBeing constantly told I was theirs to to whatever the fuck they wantedI am treated like a pet by them in general really to the point where I barely consider myself human and all my friends were literal house cats for years, and am talked about like one talks about a dog thats right in front of them and am punished for eavesdropping if I speak up and stop letting myself be ignored and if I dont listen then im punished for not somehow knowing how im supposed to act for them.The both of them also hurl slurs in my direction only to deny them later.The father deliberately triggers my sensory issues no matter how many times I (politely)explain that repeating sounds, loud sounds, flashing lights, low noises, and other sensory inputs physically hurt and are wholly unbearable to the point of panic attacks, dissociation, and tears and it would be great if he could stop. Then when I yell that he needs to stop or do that somewhere away from me, he acts like I blew up at him out of the blue.The mother sometimes chases me up the stairs to spank me like a game(not hard but like she enjoyed it and didnt listen when I told her to stop) while laughing to the point where I cant walk up or down the stairs around others without being paranoid I am being chased again.Ass-smacking in general all the time from the mother for no reason and not hard, like a game she enjoyed and the fun part was the act and it makes me very uncomfortable and wont listen to complaints that its anything but a game I 'totally enjoy' (I dont)I tend to have to(though not quite so much now that they barely talk because im staying for longer times at either of the houses) play peacekeeper, translator, and telephone between the two and be their personal counselor in all kinds of affairs often(like anything to big life decisions to what they should wear to sorting out their feelings) and its been like that since I was 12.I have to listen to them talk about their money issues and its to the point now where I get severe anxiety from people buying me stuff, even necessary items like food, clothes, and medical things.The father banged things around when upset and now im afraid of loud noises even more then when they just hurt. He doesnt do that quite so often now (its been like 5 months but im waiting for the other shoe to drop bc hes drinking again) but he still does it and I flinch every time.The tone he uses with girlfriend is also the same used for me and hes called me by her name before too. Not sure if that counts for anything but we look similar and theres all the other questionable shit done so im more than a little skeeved out.The mother also took my bank account and hasnt shown proof it still has money in it and that she will give it to me if so.One of her latest boyfriends, she was having me print off texts to use in court against him(and I had to hold her hand through that too) and I noticed a blub where the money she was loaning him was mine and she claimed that she was lying to get it back faster, but im not going to but it until I see it.Then the is the counselor thing where I had a shitty counselor who kept the mother and I in the same room always when meeting with me and didnt tell the parents or I he diagnosed me with something wholly inaccurate to get more money from the visits and didnt give a single shit about what I had to say and kept forcing the idea that I was ‘sad’ about my parents finally stopping yelling at each other at 10 pm every night on me when I kept saying I was not.My Grandparents house(where I live with the mother) is never clean downstairs if I want it clean and not literally sticky everywhere, I have to clean it myself.And finally on the list of things I feel like sharing currently while im on a role, is that one time where I was publicly harassed(sexually and physically) all year in sophomore year by this one guy while the rest of the class laughed and played along and encouraged him. Teacher I thought I could trust did nothing and scolded me when I exclaimed ‘what the hell???!’ when a kid who backed up that guy asked me how I would have sex if I didnt want to fuck the popular asshole harassing me. In roughly as many words and loudly. Im happy I graduated last spring so I dont have to see his face again.IDK I think im just alive out of pure spite(at the people who have hurt me) and dedication to the all of 6 friends(counting my cats) that I have.It just...I really didnt think id be -here- this long. Alive and on Earth, I mean. And I have no idea how to do anything and I just want to sleep all day. I have to go to bed now before I get yelled at, but ill be back on in the morning hopefully to check in here.Thanks for reading this far, if you did, it means a lot.
I'm engaging in an abusive relationship. We're not technically together, but he lives with me and we're friends and we have sex sometimes. He's had a really troubled past and is going through a really tough time in life right now so I agreed to let him stay with me. He's verbally abusive, constantly telling me I'm worthless, ugly, stupid, of low character, etc., is manipulative, and has hit me three times now, once resulting in a black eye and another time punched the side of my head so hard that I legitimately lost hearing for about a minute. He was physically abused growing up. I know the situation is bad, but we genuinely have an unbelievably deep, meaningful connection and I care about him so deeply. I know he's hurting me and that the relationship is unhealthy for both of us. We've kept an open discussion about everything and I understand that his anger isn't really directed at me personally and I generally don't let his words get to me. He knows he's selfish and loses control and has made genuine efforts at improvement/understanding my feelings and perspective. He's really honest and intentional about everything. We've been debating if he should leave for months now, but the issue is that he legitimately has nowhere else to go and would be homeless, living on the streets for awhile. Everything has gotten so confusing. My soul feels so deeply for him and desperately wants to help/be here for him, but my mind feels like I can't. Things have gotten too crazy and the trust is too damaged. I feel like he's taking advantage of my love and the fact that I'm a sappy pushover who's easily swayed by emotion and the pursuit of kindness, whatever that is.I don't know what to do. I know rationally that the situation is dangerous and I need to look out for myself, but I can't kick him out. I've tried, I physically can't do it. I don't know what help I need, I just felt like I needed to tell someone about the situation. I've obviously been vague about it to friends and family because I know the universal response would be to get him out of my life. I'm just so sad and conflicted. I know at his core he's not a bad person and is legitimately so loving and kind. We just bring out the worst in each other and I know I contribute to the problem as well. I understand that he's dealing with serious depression and other life issues and I'm mostly just collateral damage.Our current game plan is to no longer have sex and focus on ourselves, self-improvement, and the friendship. I just know the current cycle is unsustainable and I'm scared the worst-case scenario could be it ending in a major blowout with serious injuries, whether physical or emotional. I'm in over my head. I love him and can't handle him being homeless, but obviously also can't be around someone who has such a low opinion of me (even if it derives from his low opinion of himself) and physically harms me. I feel crazy. It's been established that if he hits me again he has to go though.I think another huge part of the problem though is that I'm a reserved person and he gets frustrated that I'm not "honest." I've tried explaining multiple times that I'm not good at discussing emotions in an organized, coherent way and it's often times hard for me to say things in the moment because I'm still processing everything and am not sure as to what my "true" feelings are. He constantly thinks I'm trying to be deceitful and that I'm "fake." I know I have a major issue dealing with confrontation and uncomfortable feelings and that's part of his frustration. I feel like we're both legitimately growing in positive ways as a result of the relationship, as fucked up as it is. He says I'm the only person he's ever been this frustrated by and that often times I don't respond in a way that "normal people" would. We have unbelievably amazing sex.I guess I'm just looking for support/outside perspectives, but I do want more than just the obvious "GET THE FUCK OUT, THIS IS SO BAD." But also, maybe I need strangers on the Internet to tell me it's really that bad.I need help. I feel insane. The situation has just gotten so crazy and complicated and I feel like I can't devote anymore of my life energy to trying to figure it out or understand it. I want us to remain friends as I do think we genuinely share a very special bond and I really care about him and want him in my life. I don't know. I just needed to vent. It's all unbelievably stupid. I don't want to be engaging in an abusive relationship. :(
It's so hard for me to make such a long story so short but I'll try. I was engaged to someone last year (not this boyfriend). I felt completely let down by my fiance but couldn't piece together why when I left him.. shortly after meeting this boyfriend and (as my family and friends feel, was rebounding). Shortly after leaving the fiance, I found out almost everything he ever told me about his life was a massive lie.. then he moved, deleted his Facebook and disappeared with zero help from his friends and family towards me as I tried to find out why he lied... which was traumatizing even though I was in this new relationship. This new boyfriend was initially everything I felt I really wanted. He was friendly, funny, not 'fake' acting, FAR more sexually appreciative of me and sexually satisfying, was into many of my hobbies and interests and was local (fiance lived far away, long distance etc).I have to frame this all in context with how I am: a bit morbid. I'm 25 years old, have had loads of upsetting health problems and I am pretty depressive. Many of my hobbies and interests focus on the negative side of life from historical morbidity to the kinds of things I look at and read in my spare time (forensic science/murder/disease/health documentaries; death pictures historical and current, negative or upsetting news from all over the world). So, the fact that these are interests shared with my boyfriend and then some means we BOTH have kind of weird gears, so I can't really blame him for that. Weirdly, most of our time together was very positive doing standard couples stuff: traveling together, watching movies, cuddling up, walks, drives, music and dancing together, cooking meals, laughing, talking, meeting each others families (though his loved me and thought I was the best thing that ever happened to him and mine hated him and thought he was the worst thing that ever happened to me-- ONLY because they knew he recently had a vasectomy because he never wanted kids.... a vasectomy that I HAD agreed to). This depressed my parents a lot since they always thought I wanted kids... but the health stuff changed my mind and I didn't stop him.Several months into our relationship, well, I always knew he didn't like most people, had expressed it almost like an emotional teen even though he is 29, but he just slowly stopped acting appreciative of me. Then, things got worse and worse. I can't even recap all the strange and bizarrely upsetting things he did even though he has never hit me and says he never would. I'll try to go in sequence of memorable, upsetting, frightening or disturbing events:-He stopped expressing care about my health problems-He called me derogatory names as a 'joke' including slut, bitch, whore, jew bitch (jew is not derogatory but I'm Jewish and the way it was said was like a mock).-Expressed lots of love, care, tenderness and feelings of wanting to be with me long term while drunk including the idea of wanting to marry me, then treating me like I was foolish for believing it when he sobered up saying 'drunk people just say stuff.'-Subjecting me to crazy hours when I stayed over like keeping me up till 3 -6 in the morning teasing me with the notion of sex and intentionally arousing me and then falling asleep on me so I'd be dissapointed, then mocking my annoyed reaction-Having sex as fast as possible so I'd be dissapointed instead of taking his time like he used to-Getting up and putting clothes on immediately after sex, refusing cuddles he used to give-Apologizing for his actions in texts, emails, etc after the fact-Speeding in the car with me as a passenger to scare me and saying 'no more talking' if I tried to speak up-Getting insanely mad over damage to his car that I did not purposefully do (like scratching his door with my purse buckle)-Play fighting with me and choking me repeatedly-Choking me during rough sex (sadly, I asked for this, testing out what it was like) but then after I expressed it was a mistake and I'm not into it, continuing to play with the hands around my neck stuff in intimate moments-Calling me a 'classic dumb woman' if I said things that seem 'standard' that express womanly insecurity and emotional tendencies-Continually mentioning the vasectomy to strangers, people who don't need to know or jerks who agree with his decision in a way that makes the act of having children seem derogatory, stupid, gross or a poor choice. For me, I didn't want kids because of my health problems, but he has deemed children 'crotch fruit.' He will walk by a pregnant woman and murmur 'ew, pregnancy' to me. Many conversations with people about how pleased we is with his choice with comments like 'no kids for me!' making them uncomfortable and me embarrassed.-Told me the worst thing I could have ever done was get pregnant-Held a knife multiple times in a way that was supposed to be borderline threatening like while we were out on a walk alone late at night.. or while drunk and alone together in his room having a fight and he expressed his thoughts on humanity like "maybe I should tell you something about death.. I don't care about death" pressing the knife to his own face as I sat next to him.-Throwing me out of his room, making his mother drive me home after keeping me awake all night fighting with me-Telling me he despises my parents and wishes they'd drop dead (simply because they don't accept him... they still love me, though they were so disenchanted with him they threw me out of the house).-Giving me an ultimatum that if we move in together or ever get married, I should have little to no contact with my parents and he certainly never intends to.-Teasing me with very loving and warm behavior and taking it all away from me a few hours or days later, getting silent and sullen acting even though I never said or did anything.-Forcing me to sleep on the couch and not the bed when mad at me-Keeping the room purposefully cold while I'm shivering and making fun of me for being 'cold blooded'-Flipping off my cats and wishing they'd die (this is a super unique one because he's allergic to cats and hates cats as well ... in addition to a lot of people's pets cats/dogs and saying he refuses to be around him.. getting super angry if he sees a single cat hair on me etc.. his parents even KEEP cats in the house despite his allergies and he's forced to be around cats at work despite his allergies so his hatred as grown to insane heights).. he talks about torturing and killing cats, wishing he could drown them, run them over with his car, etc). He knows I don't hate cats, but subjects me to hearing how much he hates cats.. and showing me images of dead cats. He does this to his cat/dog loving friends as well.. sends them images of dead animals.-I shouldn't say "makes" me watch, but .. shows me images of death in pictures and videos: human and animal death. Watches it for many hours a day on reddit, liveleak, etc. To be fair, this was a mutual interest, but he watches it a lot more than I do. There were times he realized he crossed the line and I was genuinely upset by the images I was witnessing.. in those cases, he made fun of me for being squeamish and even wrote about me to friends or on the reddit forum to ridicule my reaction.-Felt the need to tell me about other women he thought of having sex or relationships with (to the point of showing me their facebook pictures and telling me about them when I said I don't want to see or know) but instead came back to me.. like I should feel lucky.-Encourages me to take opiate painkillers (legally prescribed to me for my real pain) but he likes to get drunk or high and try to get me to get high on them and mix them with marijuana or alcohol. He enjoys seeing me in a weakened state, laying on his bed or guiding me on a remote walk or drive with him after I took them. Nothing bad ever happens and the worst part is I'm a willing participant and enjoy the game but.. still.. the game was his invention and idea.-Has an abusive step father and treats me and his mother similarly to how he was treated/witness his mother being treated even though his mother and I have clearly pointed out: if he didn't like that behavior and finds it despicable, don't repeat it-Talks about wanting guns for protection and moving somewhere remote with me.. but what I really visualize if that were to happen is me.. alone with him without his family or friends nearby reigning him in, alone with guns-Wants me to earn more money and doesn't respect financial boundaries (i.e. if I buy something, he'll eat and drink it... we are NOT in a financial union and I pay for all my own things. I even pay for HIS gas money if he takes me somewhere).-Encourages me to webcam model (I already work online as a freelance writer and I'd considered webcam modelling out of desperation). I thought he'd be upset at the idea.. instead he offered to buy me the tech equipment I needed, admitted the idea would turn him on, and already started calculating what our next financial moves and mutual investments might be if I succeed at it and make a lot of money).-Has pretended to suffocate me before (like jokingly put hands hard over my airways or a pillow over my face without pressing hard enough to actually suffocate me and then removing his hands or the pillow immediately).-Having moments of total tenderness just hugging and holding me, acting worshipful of my body, curling up with my breasts in an almost infant-like way... then acting gruff and immune to feelings later on.-acts more loving to me in front of family members or friends-Has given me more verbal abuse than I can possibly recap-Acted completely indifferent and unsympathetic when I got a vaginal infection and UTI after sex with him.I'm sure there is much more but I'm getting tired of even writing this and I'm sure you're tired of reading it if you got this far. How dangerous is he? Could he kill me? And for those asking 'why would I stay?' ... he integrated these awful moments with wonderful behavior and appealing to all my hopes and dreams.. THAT and I was sick.. he initially was supportive of that, driving me to medical appointments I didn't otherwise have the means to attend, providing care to me).. That and... my parents are kind of abusive too and for awhile.. I felt like what my parents had been treating me like at home was worse than how he treated me.. and after they threw me out.. I couldn't support myself, so I basically moved in with him and his family most of the week. I'm back home now.. reflecting on the last few months of my life.. my family and friends are completely unaware of how I was treated. He hasn't contacted me since I got sick with the uti and vaginal infection but I have a feeling he will... probably with heart-string pulling apologies. I know I am twisted myself... so it's a match made in hell.... but truly, could he kill me? What do you think he wants? What do you think he's capable of? What do I do to get out? 
I will keep this as short as possible.  I have posted here before..  I have a very complex situation.  I live with my fiance/husband. Here's what happened. He got a common law certificate to get me on his insurance and told everyone we were married.  Then, we had an issue where an argument ended up in a tug of war over my luggage as I was trying to leave our house (permanently). He says he "accidentally" broke my finger so badly I needed surgery and 3 screws.  The issue is he wouldn't let me leave the house and he got out of control.  Again,he's never hit me.  But, he blocks the door non-stop and tries to trap me in the house when I want to leave or even go for a walk. When he was charged with the assault crime -- he got a lawyer to void out our state common law marriage.....and crazy or not...we got back together.  We now tell people we are married but we are not.  He lost his job because of the way he acted (calling in sick a lot) before the injury and the charge was the last straw.  Next week is his last check from his employer.  Since I have been back I have been giving him every cent I have. I hand over every check I receive (so he thinks).  He says he needs to handle all finances.  And he's done that...even when I should have stood up and said no.The reason I am posting is because the fights have gotten terrible.  Last night, I told him I didn't feel good about handing over every dime, supporting his new business venture, His child support, etc etc..  when he's not married to me.He said that since I got him charged with a crime...  he "doesn't know" when we will get married.... and that if I want to keep my own money....that's fine...but he can't make me any promises about things.  He says he will need to move with his parents and "take care of himself" ... and that he feels my questions about marriage seem very concerning to him.  He says he's very concerned that I am trying to "set him up..."  He has about 150k in equity IF he sold his house and he is pretty much broke otherwise.  He thinks I want a part of his house...which is crazy because I don't get a dime of something I am not even a part of right now. He says "we need to plan the wedding... I can't set a date... I don't know"  and then lashed out again that I am trying to pressure him into marrying me...and he is VERY scared about my motives...So it ended with him...still maintaining control over our finances...and us "engaged in private married in public" ...   My summary question is... how do I get the strength to leave? When we argue I get angry enough to want to run...but tonight it's quiet.  He's being so sweet...and I don't know how to leave.  I wanted to pack my bags in the AM while he's gone on a meeting....but i'm nervous that I will lose my nerve.

I just started college and it's done wonders for me. Socially I've grown so much. But it's also made me reflect on my childhood and now I'm not so certain what I was experiencing was normal. I was hoping to get some perspective? Im not going to open up completely because who cares or has the time for that but I want to give what I think are like the hallmark behaviours that made up the general tone of my childhood.My parents were never around, at times gone for days and only coming home to sleep when they worked in the mortage business pre collapse, and when they started a new business post collapse. I worry because I used to think what kept them from home for so long was work. But my dad's car always had dirty laundry of casual clothes and airplane sized bottles of tequila somewhere. My mom I don't know, I was never in her car, but I can't imagine someone working for 17 hours all day every day.But despite those oddities, it wasnt like they were neglecting me because they left groceries on the kitchen table, so I had food and shelter.But what makes me wonder is that when they started the new business, when I was about 11, they had a home office. They worked under my feet but I still never saw them. If I poked my head in they just wouldn't acknowledge my presence. If I stayed after school I'd have to wait for 4 or 5 hours to be picked up. So there was definitely less of an excuse to not be around me or at least talk to me.What makes me ponder now are the times I was around my parents. Weekends or odd hours where they were wandering around the house or taking family trips or something.Times like when I was about 10 and at the pool and my dad grabbed at my rear end saying I should get rid of that bubble of fat, or when my dad got angry at the dog for pissing on the carpet literally picking the animal up and threw it against the wall, or the time my dog got hit by my dad's car and was stuck under his car wheel and called me out into the driveway to see it before just leaving. Or times like when i wasn't able to sleep because I was crying through my pillowcase, and I woke my mom to tell her I was crying through my pillowcase and she told me to 'just change the pillowcase if it's bothering you that much', or when she saw me come home bloody or bruised from being tripped or whatever at school and watched me go up the stairs and never asked what happened whenever she emerged from the home office next, or when I had anxiety attacks and I tried to call my mom and she wouldn't say anything just listen and then ask me why I was being so sensitive and weak when I got home. I told my dad I was hearing sounds that weren't there he got angry when I didn't take his counsel and started yelling at me before shipping me off to school. I personally don't think these are instances of neglect or whatever, because they seem extremely mild in comparison to what neglect could be.What concerns me the most was what happened in the month when my brother left for college and when were inbetween apartments and living with my aunt. So this sucked but I'm not certain I would call it abuse considering how short lived it was.Before we moved and my brother was off to college, when my dad got angry he would shake me and scream. Then when we moved to my aunts house I didn't see him for the entirety of the month, and he sort of just floated back into the house when we found a new apartment.My mom, when she got angry with me pulled my hair, and if I was sitting with my neck stretched to one side, she would slap the exposed skin and say, "that's a vulnerable position, you know".The thing that's weird is that they never apologized or tried to reconcile afterwards. I think that's a thing?Either way the behaviour more or less dissipated when we got an apartment. There was some residual but it was replaced with just getting really drunk every night and I just stood away. Back to just chilling in my room like normal.I don't know if I should really be concerned about this. Like I'm really uncomfortable around my family and being touched and I'm wondering if this is why. And I have to commute next year so I don't know if I should be worried. Because the moment I think, yes I was abused I feel absolutely ridiculous.
Hi,I was wondering if I could get some kind of advice from you. I live with my abusive parents, they hit me and my brother. My dad killed my cats and he beats my dog. My parents humiliate me in public, they laugh at me all the damn time and they've made my life a living hell. I used to harm myself because their words hurt me so much that I thought I deserved to punish myself. I even tried to kill myself twice. They made me suicidal and homicidal, I often found myself wondering whether to kill myself or them.I realized everything like a month ago, when my dad started hitting me but I was so full of hate that I tried to defend myself, I tried to hit him back and he hated that so he picked me up and he tried to throw me out of a window which didn't work out.This made me realize that my parents don't love me and that I need to get the hell out of here. Don't get me wrong, I would love to call social services but my father's got connections which means that instead of my parents getting into trouble, I'd be in trouble. They would probably kick me out or they would make some false accusation against me. I'd be screwed.So I figured the only way to get better is to get out of this household. The thing is, I have no money and no friends because I am not allowed to leave the house except for school. I'm not allowed to find a job and I have no idea what to do now. I'm 17, I'm graduating in 2 years but then I have to go to college, otherwise I won't get a job. My parents did this on purpose, they put me into a very prestigious school and in our country, when you go to schools like this one, you simply gotta go to college or you won't get a proper job. I would move out as soon as I graduate but I wouldn't be able to afford to go to college and I wouldn't get a job. So, if I'll be doing okay in school, I'll be able to move out and get a decent job when I'm 22 or so but I'll have to suffer for another 5 years in this family and I don't know if I can take it. I don't know if there's a way to move out sooner but I really need to escape, preferably into another country because I'm scared they would find me. Do you have any idea what I should do right now? Could you give me some advice please?
I’m after some advice about a friend who is the victim of domestic abuse. She is 28 years old, has a 5 year old son and lives the son’s father. They have been together since their school years and have lived together in their current flat for about 5 years. Prior to that they lived at her parents but they moved to another town and this has meant that it now takes her over an hour to get to them. He appears to have done this to isolate her from her family and friends but under the guise that he wanted to be near his family.In the past he has been physically abusive to her but nowadays he tends to take his anger out on inanimate objects such as his child’s toy box. His main types of abuse towards her tend to be emotional and financial. The other day when she was ill he demanded that she got out of bed, got washed and dressed and goes and does the shopping. He often calls her names, makes fun of her and will call her a lot to check up on her when she is not home. It’s very strange when he phones as he often makes animal type noises such as clucking down the phone. He has no friends and spends most of his time playing on his Xbox. When she has attempted to leave in the past he has threatened to commit suicide.As for the financial abuse he is constantly buying things he doesn’t need such as Xbox games etc and pays for the luxuries such as high speed broadband (200mbps), sky TV and a new Xbox slim and as a result has no money to put towards the bills. It’s as if he constantly blows all his money on things such as overly fast broadband and a new Xbox (despite already having one) in order to ensure he has no money to put towards the bills therefore leaving her in a situation where if she doesn’t pay then they will lose it. He even stole his sons’ inheritance money and spent it on Xbox games. If she does manage to save any money he immediately questions where it is as she has been putting small amounts in her uncle’s safe in an attempt to create an escape fund. However due to her paying the bills she has to keep spending this money and is currently left with nothing. It’s as if he is living beyond his means in order to prevent her from being able leave.He often neglects his son by not feeding, washing or dressing him and she frequently returns home after a night shift to find her son in wet and soiled clothes. He shouts and swears at his son causing him to go and cry in the boiler cupboard. On several occasions he has left his son home alone for several hours whilst he goes to the shops or to his mum’s house. He will often tell his son to go away and ignore him because he is busy playing on his Xbox. She says that he is on it most of the day and late into the night. It is often left up to her to sort her son out when she gets home from work at 9pm as he hasn’t done it because he was on the Xbox.Both she and her son suffer frequent episodes of illnesses and she has sinusitis, depression and anxiety. Her doctor believes her sinusitis is caused by the stress of her situation. I can’t help but wonder if the repetitive episodes of illness they suffer are because of the situation more than anything else. She has been on the freedom programme and has told me that she knows that her and her son are the victims of abuse and knows that the events described above are happening but insists that she doesn’t want outside help as she is use to ‘doing things her way’ and ‘paying for things herself’ and therefore will put up with the situation until she can afford to leave. She has said that she won’t consider leaving now until after Christmas.Having spoken in length to her the following conclusions can be made:a) She knows that abuse is a crime.b) She has a comprehensive understanding about abuse, the different types, signs, symptoms and effects etc.c) She knows that her son is being affected and is suffering harm as a result of it.d) She knows about local and national charities and organisations specialising in abuse.I can’t help but wonder if she may therefore be seen by social services and the law to be failing to protect her son on the basis of the points above and they may argue that she has made an informed decision to not take action at present which means that she is knowingly keeping her child in a harmful situation. Whilst I understand that it must be a very difficult situation for her I’m left wondering why when she knows a crime is taking place, her son is a victim and it is affecting him wouldn’t she reach out for help and support sooner rather than later. It’s as if she has chosen not to take action not because of the abuse her and her child are suffering but because she wants to do things her way. She appears to love her son and is always posting on Facebook about how important he is and how he comes first but I’m left confused in that if this is true then why does it seem like she has consciously chosen to keep him in this situation.I'm sorry for the extremely long post.I would love to hear a wide range of thoughts and opinions on this as I’m struggling to understand why a mother who knows that their child is the victim of abuse and neglect would be so reluctant to take immediate action to protect their child.
So since that post a month ago I knew what I wanted the second I posted it. I ended it about a week ago today he didn't like it and when I initially ended it he was very angry. I was smart though I had family watching from outside, he started to insult me, tell me how worthless I was and get up in my face aggressively he only backed off when he saw who was watching from outside. Well as time passed he began to attempt to manipulate me with tears, it didn't work I saw through it and yes occasionally he got a few guilt kisses out me, it was hard to see someone I loved go through pain, it was hard to picture myself with out this person. So finally the moment when he needed leave, well he wouldn't do it but now he has no choice, I managed to get a protection order against him. I felt like I was walking on egg shells around him always trying to keep his anger from coming out and I did successfully. I made the right choice, right? Once I break this lease and move out I am willing to break this PO, legally of course. I just wish he would've changed all those times he promised he would. I mean this guy also gave me fucking head lice! I finally got rid of it when I stopped sleeping next to him, all clean now much happier.
Hi everyone. So I broke up with my narcissist boyfriend October 5th I believe and honestly it's been hell since. I've developed very bad anxiety. I work in retail and everytime there is a lot of work to do or a customer gets mad or my manager gets mad I get a very bad anxiety attack where I have to sit in the break room until I calm down or I have to talk to one of the managers. It's really hard because I have talking while I have an anxiety attack and I have one about 2 times a day. Sometimes even 3 and I can't handle them. I am literally going to die from one one day. Also, I have developed sleeping problems. I will be really tired, but I won't be able to fall asleep until 2-3 am, and I work the morning shift on most occasions and I'm super tired when I wake up and I absolutely can't sleep until the early morning hours. I have developed serious social anxiety, I can barely talk to my customers when I'm on register, I stutter and I start sweating and I get really shaky and my heart starts fluttering. And forget it, when I make intercom announcements it feels like someone is trapping me inside a room with fucking crickets and spiders. It's terrible. Also, my depression has gotten worse and so have my suicidal thoughts. I want to kill myself every minute I'm alive and I got drunk the night before last night. I don't know what's wrong with me I don't know why im going through this I don't know why im developing all these problems.  It's all. Too much to handle and even my manager mentioned taking time off of work yesterday to "get better". I won't fucking get better, ever. Maybe I'll be better if I fucking killed myself though 
Let me start off by saying my REAL Dad is unknown, and I fear my Mom was raped. The Dad I'm talking about is my "stepdad", who is not yet married to my Mom. However I do have a birth certificate to prove Mom had me.Dad is shit. He puts on an act when Mom's around, and when she's not he's usually glaring at me, not thinking every tear I cry is 'an act', or getting bitchy up in my face. He's pretty much driven me to the point of insanity, and my Mom is the only thing keeping me from running away. Dad acts like he's God, the all-fucking-mighty perfect being, and I'm helpless to him.He gathers info and tries to string it into a story, and then threatens to either beat me or 'blackmail' lie about me to my Mom who, if she believes him, has the total power to ground me for eternity (not kidding). He controls my life now, and I cut myself tbh. Oh, and his latest scheme to fuck up my life is taking away my hard-earned money. Why? Because I don't turn my room light off when I leave, and my 'days of thinking *sorry* gets me out of everything are over'. He's been doing this for over a year, and I honestly want him to die. What should I do? Help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;'( (OH, WAIT, MY CRYING IS JUST A FUCKING ACT, ISN'T IT?)
So, I have one little brother who is kinda autistic and he's been abused by a boy at his school when he was around 9-10 years old. Now, he is 13 and my parents changed him schools, but that same boy ended up being the same school and even in the same class (they're both in a special class) and apparently, he keeps harrassing (if not abusing) my brother, but due to his difficulties he doesn't tell us exactly what he does to him. And though my father told him multiple times that he should stay away from him and even threatened that boy himself (he didn't get physical with him, only warned him) we think that boy still goes to my brother and even tries to buy him with "gifts". He told him once that he was going to buy him a computer and I don't know what to think about that. Last time already we were disappointed in his previous school because they should have been watching him better. Especially since he has autism and his previous school perfectly knew about it (he was in a special class there too) that's just unacceptable that they didn't notice my brother being isolated in the boys bathroom to just find my brother alone naked with him 30 fucking minutes after school finished. Really that just makes me so mad. How can you not notice that stuff, he was always clingy and controlling over my brother, yet they never did anything goddammit. Plus it was a private school with not that much students. I still don't know why my parents didn't sue that boy or his family, probably because he is mentally disabled. And now it looks like it's the same thing happening in his new school (private school too), I'm genuinely worried and mad. SO MAD TBH. What should we do to stop that kid from abusing my brother at school? We can't even change him schools because the special class he is into is quite rare so other schools nearby wouldn't be able to take care of him. I'm so angry at this whole situation I just want to go to his school and beat that boy up. I don't even know how old he is but he's way older than my brother. I think he might be 3 years older than him though I don't know.
Hi all,I just got all my things and left a man who would tell me I was abusive. This is the same man who drank every day for the entirety of our relationship and bashed my face into a wall because I wanted to refill my water bottle. He thought I wasn't "capable of walking" on my own, which meant he thought it was time to wrestle me to the ground, or in this case, the wall.I had taken an ambien (prescribed, as I have been for many months) about 10 minutes prior, so I could see how he might be concerned, but I feel like wrestling a drugged person who wants water is just a bad move. This is the man who took my inhaler out of my purse because he had allergies, didn't put it back, and blamed me for not putting it back myself because I had taken a puff out of it after he had. Because I dared to ask him where it was and send a :| face, I had affection withheld from me when I came home crying from a hard day of work. I pay for all our food because he's in college, so I'm under some stress with that. I've tried to get out many times. Each time, he lures me back in, and he's so convincing. He's charismatic and beautiful, I loved him dearly.When I broke up with him the first time, he threw things. He has guns and bows, I was afraid to go back in the room to get the rest of my things because I thought he might shoot me. I don't know what he's capable of, I didn't think he was capable of many of the things he has done at this point.I've gotten it into my head that I might be the abusive one, am I abusing him? How can I tell if I'm really abusing him at this point? I've left him, but I don't want to be cruel to anyone. The last thing I want to do is hurt someone.
Yesterday my friend told me about some physical abuse from her ex-boyfriend, and today she said in a message 'he never physically abused me.' When I repeated back to her what she said yesterday (which i believe is true, it fits very much into his patterns and she's not the type to lie) she said 'I don't want to think about it.' Does anyone know if it's common for victims of physical abuse to deny that the physical abuse happened?
A little bit of a backstory. I grew up in an abusive household that included beatings and being told that I was useless over small things. I've recovered a lot since then because I don't try to kill myself over bad grades, I'm not always watching corners and I can think about my abuser without crying. There are still residual things like the fact I can't sleep without a nightlight/whitenoise and I shut down when someone I'm close to yells at me. I met my girlfriend in community college and we hit it off pretty fast. At the time I was in the closeted trans woman so I identified as a guy and tried to ignore my dysphoria. She ended up helping me come to terms with myself and come out. Everything was fine even though she had depression and anxiety but I could understand her and act in manor fitting of the situation. That was until the relationship went on and she hit some speed bumps.The first part was moving away to go to a university and living alone. I would visit from time to time but when she would get mad it was a lot different, it was violent. I told it was okay and would try to calm her and she would eventually calm down. The second thing that happened was her apartment flooded and was full of trash so I tried to help so she could get people over and that's when she started hitting me when she got mad. There were times I tried getting her to help or convenience her to call before it got bad and most of the time she would get so mad she would slap me or punch me. It would cause flashbacks and it ended with me on the floor crying and she would feel bad and we would forget it would ever happen until the next time.Eventually the apartment got bad but she ended up quitting school so she closed out on her lease and moved back home (I don't know how she didn't have to pay damages). I figured th he worst was over and then her mom got sick. Me, her and her father was looking after her. Anytime something went wrong she would yell and hit me albeit less frequent than before. Her mother (and my best friend) passed away and she became self destructive. She quit her job and I fear she may develop a drinking problem but I think that's just me overreacting. She still gets mad and hits me but its much more rare now and I hope it will just stop eventually.There are some last bits I need to mention. She has undiagnosed disorders as a previously stated so I tried getting her to see a therapist which she went a handful of times and declared it a money drain. Also as a previously stated I am trans but still haven't been on hormones or been able to do anything else. Half of this is that I don't have consistent income and the other half is I want children with her and she refuses to adopt (because her mom was adopted and was blocked from finding her biological parents) and doesn't want any invasive methods of being inseminated by any sperm I would put in a sperm bank. She also keeps reminding me of the health effects which I've considered. She wants me to wait much later in life but I feel so sick with my body I dont think I can wait that long. If I would ever leave (which I won't because I love her) she would probably try to kill herself. If she ever got so violent that I can't stay no shelter around here would take me since they are women's only and don't alow trans women. I have no family and I lost all my friendships. I have no support other than her and her father. As I said before I love her and most of the time she is the sweetest person I ever met. I just don't know if this is abuse or if I'm just reading too much into it.

My friend is a 16 yo female who has run away and seeking asylum with other friends. She is doing this because her family poses a significant risk to her physical and psychological health, and have already done extensive damage to her. Her father let his friends have sex with her as a child and he has been extremely physically abusive to both her and her brother.The parents have alerted the authorities and are intent on "hunting her down". They're posting missing person fliers around their neighborhood. Being that the authorities have already been tipped against her in this regard, what sorts of things can be done to counter act this and potentially have legal backing and support on her side?The hope is some kind of restraining order. But any pointers on how to progress legally, as well as any resources on the side of the abused would be really appreciated. Would really appreciate a step by step.Thank you so much.
So I've recently begun at university and a lot has happened recently that I'm not sure what to do. The relationship that I'm most concerned about is the relationship that I have established with my neighbor which I believe is abusive, but I do not know what action to take. She (18f) is very unstable and has a deep fear of neglect. A few weeks into the quarter, she found out that I used to engage in self harm and began to confide in me. It began innocently enough, but I feel like it has developed to the point where it has crossed the line. Along with meeting her, I have met other people, but she does not understand that I DO NOT want to be there for her. I feel like she prescribed me as he personal therapist against my will and I feel like she has been guilting me into worrying about her by sending me texts (nearly daily) that she feels lonely and is going to engage in self harm. Over this past weekend, she began carrying through with these threats and I feel deeply shook about it. Moreover, my other friends that I have made have noticed this person completely consuming my life and my thoughts against my will. I always feel like I have to be worried about her, and that frustrates/angers me. I feel like I shouldn't have to take my first year of university life worrying about the problems of someone else who I am not and do not even want to be close with. Recently my school decided that she needs to go home to take care of herself because until now it has been me among a few floormates who have been taking care of her. Even they agree that I am the one who she always goes to first when she feels depressive even though she knows that I do not want to be involved. I'm sorry that this post seems to be all over the place and not very focused and or descriptive, but this situation has been consuming my life at a level that is very unhealthy for me. I think her going home is going to give distance between her and me that I really need, but I'm not scared of what things will be like when she returns. I talked to an adviser and they told me that I should pursue a no contact directive with her, but I feel like that's taking out my anger on her and that it isn't the right thing. I'm just not sure what I should do and I really feel like I need some non-biased advice on the situation. 
A bit of a backstory... I'm 26 and my gf of 10 years left 10 months ago, she's got someone new now (she was flirting with him for the last year of our relationship, I only found out after the breakup).All standard up until now. Difference is that that she just up and left, never showing a glimpse of remorse even if we started planing to move in together and having children just a few months prior. Problem is I'm far more broken than I'd expect at this time so I started searching the web for help. I found that people whose relationship with narcissistic persons ended felt quite the same as me. And I did some research and found that she exhibited a lot of that narcissistic behavior.I don't feel comfortable declaring her to have any kind of mental disorder but I think that she might have. The thing about us is that she blamed me for everything bad in our relationship and even for some things that have nothing to do with me, how she failed college etc. I'm so broken inside that I can't differentiate between truth and lie and I'd gladly contort myself in any shape to get her back. Now, the thing is, rationally, I want to be free of her for some years now because I feel I have been abused for far too long but, if you'd ask her, she'd say that too. Wouldn't any abuser try to defend himself/herself that way? (Btw, I'm not free yet because she's still got some of my stuff that I care about but every time I ask her if we could meet so I can get them, she doesn't have time for a few weeks and when she comes, she forgets a part, or all, of the stuff and so on..) She's stringing me along... So... You can see my dilemma.For years now I've been afraid to tell her anything that bothers me because she just shuts down and starts the silent treatment or turns it all around on me and how it's my fault. Whatever I did, she was never happy. If we'd agree on something (mutually), she'd often break our deals, she'd be hours late for our meetings, she wouldn't have her cell near (but you can bet she's got it near when we're together), ignore simple requests I made (e.g. for her to wear a certain t-shirt or any lipstick once in 10 years, you know, little things lovers do for each other). She herself said multiple times she was intentionally passive aggressive or actively pushing my buttons to get me mad, I even have it in writing. If I'd get mad then I'd be the asshole for getting mad and then she would start saying how I'm controlling her, smothering her and so on. She'd make fun of me in front of people, never hold my side in an argument with someone, avoiding me when we we're out together, avoiding any possibility I'd meet some of her friends later on... Those are just some examples.Truthfully, I had problems with alcohol and we'd often fight when we got drunk. Later on, we stopped drinking as much but we would sill fight. I tried talking to her and tried getting her to open up and talk about our issues but she would adamantly dismiss any of my worries even when I was sure something was wrong. She would only get more moody if I asked something. I mostly kept my mouth shut because of it and tolerate all kinds of unloving and disrespectful behavior. A weird and a bit cold time with my gf is better than watching her back for a few hours, right? When I had a few beers in me, I'd have courage to push some of those issues and we'd fight. I do know that was a HUGE mistake but I really didn't know what to do for years now. We'd be feigning we're ok for a few weeks and then we'd fight and so on. I never hit her. She did hit me a few times and she slapped so hard once she ruptured my eardrum.She moved on as if us and all our time together wasn't worth a damn thing and stringed me along for months, allowing me to think things could be fixed (couples therapy and so on). I just thought that if I showed her I truly love her, she would love me back again. Through all that, she never showed any sign of compassion or love, I feel she just went for the ride until she was close enough with the other dude so she would have her supply, ofc. I'm still so devastated and messed up that I can hardly put any blame on her. Rationally, I understand she lied to me, lied to the counselor (I was so fcked up even I believed her lies at the time), ignored me, intentionally withheld love but, somehow, in my mind, it's all my fault. I've been blamed for so long by her that I feel I just can't be right on this one. When talking to someone, I'm explaining every little thing I say about anything because I feel that people will misunderstand me, and if they do, they would judge me or be passive aggressive just like my ex.Paradoxically, I would feel much better knowing that she's got issues because that would make sense of all unexplainable things I went through and maybe I could truly start to heal.I'm sorry for the huge text. I need that cleared in my mind. I know I have had my share of bad behavior, but, after some research into the matter, I truly feel I have been abused. I want to know how does this look to a third party.
My mother was an awful woman who abused me in every way and now as an adult people tell me all the time "you need to forgive her and let her back in your life, she's your mother she'll always love you!" and I feel very angry hearing that, is that wrong? 
--- I am new here and need to know if i am bad 4 what I did. My H and I get into big fights. Lately, my H says he will kill himself if I leave him.Yesterday he started yellin at me and said horrible things to me. I said I wanted to take a walk. He said I was drunk. I had 2 glasses of wine all day. I said even if I was drunk, I can take a walk around the neighborhood to calm down.He said he would leave me if I did that. Implied that he was killing himself. I left anyway. I called is mother. I was very upset and I told her that he was acting this way and I was very worried.I was crying and I told her I”m sorry to call but she had always instructed me never to tell my family or friends about how bad he behaves. SO I called her.She immediately told me that her husband was on the phone with him and he sounded just fine and she wondered what was REALLY going on.She acted like I was some horrible person. She told me I should not have left the house and I should walk back. I was just in the cul da sac! When I came home 10 minutes later my H was ticked. He said that I terrified his entire family and that I was out of control.He was so mad I called his mom and he said they instructed him to come stay with Them because I was such a problem and risk for his safety.tl;dr*I am trying very hard to remain calm. He is very mad at me. How do I fix this? Summary - husband is mad I called his parents and told them that he threatens me and won't let me leave house sometimes. I also told them that he takes all money and won't let me have any control.  His mom is texting him non stop now saying they are worried for his safety and that since I called 911 on him once before I am a risk to him and they are begging him to leave me.***
It was a bad day. I could tell I was upset and anxious but I tried to stay busy. My boyfriend came home. I just needed some love and attention but he was preoccupied. So I laid down and listened to the instrumental music that calms me. He came in and wanted to talk and hug. I can't be touched. I just needed my music. He kept pressuring me to talk and touched me, I say don't touch me. He touches me again, wanting to hug and I say no, my anxiety is rising and I shove him away. I'm scratching my wrist until its bleeding and I just want that unstable peace I was able to manage, I wanted it back, I don't want to be touched. I don't want to talk, I can't talk when I'm upset and anxious I get volatile. I want to die. But he wants so badly to hug and touch me and I can't, but he's not stopping and I'm punching my head over and over until he's pinning me down and I'm crying please don't touch me please please please. He doesn't listen so I'm flailing and biting and scratching and pushing him off me. Why can't I let him touch me? What's wrong with me? Why won't he listen? I say anything to make him leave me alone, that I hate him, that I want to die, anything to be alone. He leaves. I'm crying and desperate for calm, I turn music back on. I'm crying but I finally become numb. Two hours later he's back. I'm sad still but calm, shaking and my heart is racing but calm. He wants to talk again. He touches me again. I keep my headphones on. He does it again and I say don't touch me and shove him away. He keeps talking and I'm trying to hold on to what little inner peace I have left. I just want to die. He won't stop. I lose it. I throw my headphones down and run to the closet and close the door. I'm sobbing and scared. I don't want to feel like this. I just want to be alone. He won't leave me alone. He opens the door and turns on the closet light. Watches me dying inside like a drama movie or zoo animal. I say go away, turn off the light, he says no. I push him away over and over. Get away from me. Why won't my head quit racing why can't I let him near me. He keeps touching me i yell at him. He won't stop unless I answer his questions. He won't stop? It's my body it's mine mine mine. Don't touch me you're just like him I hate you it's my fault right i asked for it I put myself there. Why won't you leave me alone I ask. He says because he had plans with me and he wanted to do them but what about what I want. I ask him are you drunk he says no you have no right to ask me that. He won't stop grabbing my wrists and I'm scratching and kicking how do you like it no means no. I try to leave he says no you're not and blocks my way trapping me and he's not stopping I shove and kick and hit and try to get out. He pulls my hair and I run to the corner and yell no means no no means no no means no. I cry myself to sleep and he passes out. I'm a freak. 
I am a highschool student attending my junior year at the moment. My sister has always been a headcase and I have witnessed her harm my family in many ways for the entirety of my life.Some of the most prevalent memories were I was sitting in the car with my mother when my sister, 13 at the time, kneed my father in his parts and she was left relatively unpunished. My father is calm and gentle.In 2014, she went to abroad to study at a very expensive private college in the U.K. (Sixth form college not uni) and failed her exams twice and locked herself away in the flat my parents bought for her. When our nan visited (the sweetest person I know), she locked her out even as our nan travelled 8 hours to see her and now she had nowhere to stay. From there, she was the whole atlantic ocean away from us and it hurt my mother severely with the suicide threats she made over the phone weekly. Halloween that year consisted of me comforting my mother in a pool of tears. You may ask why didn't you pull her out of the flat and fly her back home? Well she was 18 at the time and had rights to live within the flat.2015, her boyfriend broke up with and suicide threats become recurrent. I feared for her life as well as I do have a natural sibling connection. That year, she was diagnosed with BPD and anxiety disorder. She came back and lots of arguing continued. She makes weekly and sometimes twice a week visits and it seemed to be working for a while.That year was also quite bad and put our family under distress. She pushed our mother to the side of the road and just stormed off after an event at another halloween. Strange coincidence in days, but I doubt there's a significance there.We had argued for our entire life and our parents kept us apart as much as they could do. Whenever they went out though an argument usually occurred. She had always brought violence into it and when I was younger (10 she was 14) I couldn't push her off of me. She sat on me punched scratched and harmed me.Around the age of 12 I could push her off of me but I knew that a man should never hit a girl so I just kept pushing her off of me when I could. I'd tell my parents, I guess I missed the part of her sitting on me, but I told them of physical violence. They punished her with a days grounding I suppose and left it as sibling dispute.I grow older, we attend different schools and I was a lot happier and socialising became easier, but I was then diagnosed with an extreme case of ADHD and depression. The specialist told my parents about ADHD and they believed that rather well, but they ruled off the depression when they asked "Are you really depressed"? I said I don't know at the time and that was that.Last year, my tutor died. She had been my English teacher at middle school and then my daily tutor during my first two years of highschool. My grades were good with the exception of chemistry. She died at the time of my last quarter of the semester. I suffered the loss emotionally and my whole system of organisation was lost with her death. She was a wonderful person who I felt like I could talk to her about anything. My ADHD medication at the time - concerta, was increasing these feelings of anger and made me feel blank minded and unsociable. I had had these side effects for a while so I swapped to adderall this year and thing's are going better because of it.This year, I'm trying harder than ever before and my grades are high 80s low 90s with a couple of high 90s. I'm proud and my extra curricular activities I think are fantastic. My mother even thinks I'm taking on too much, but I'm handling well.My sister is at our home sitting in her room for the past week being served hand on knee. However, she was sick for 4 days, but I feel as though she's milking it at the moment. When we order food, (almost daily nobody cooks) she never wants to call always me. She just gets everyone else to take on her responsibilities. She's attending online college and asked my mother to essentially do her homework for her, surprisingly my mother had the willpower to say no for once.Today just sent me off the edge. If you want to hear how the fight started if you don't just skip this paragraph.She had come asking for me to order some food, so I did so. Last night, my parents had given me money to order us food and I did so again no big whoop. It caused an argument today though as she believed that that money I was given to order was hers and that I owed her $30 in cash. I told her no I don't food is the most basic necessity I'm sure Mum and Dad would be willing to return that money into your account if it's really your's. (Both successful lawyers, dads on 250k a year mum 120k). She said alright but you still owe me $30. What? In what way? I replied.She spouted nonsense about the same situation but stood stubbornly in her verdict. I said we'll sort it out when Mum and Dad come back. She approached me and said with eyes like a kraken, her gaze is like a spell of fear, and said "I am about this close to thwacking you right now". Stupidly, I replied "pfft whatever later okay" and she hit me scratched my neck and pushed me onto the floor and sat on me again with nothing but a blanket to cover her bare body. I had lost 15 pounds recently (not out of exercise and health, but of a loss of such habits going into my junior year.My physique is a shadow of what it used to be) and so it was harder to get her off of me as she weighed more than me now. I eventually did so, and I ragefully told her "You need to ACT like a BLOODY adult(name here), you can't be hitting your sibling like this AGAIN". (She had done so earlier this year, so I ran out the house)."Go back to the U.K and start your course!". She replied with her demonic glare again and said "I'm taking my course online. I'm more successful than you. I saw your report last grade. Doing pretty badly (my name) lately huh? Lots of 70s and even a 60. You're gonna amount to nothing".I was taken aback by this remark. Talk about bringing a knife to a gunfight. I would've never made such a dig at my sibling, family member or friend, but her she was. I told her, with my primitive nature arising within me, to get the fuck out. She took my phone and stamped on it and returned to her bedroom.I told my parents of the happenings. They comforted me, but did so with my sister as well. She received no punishment and played victim. Her sixth month, summer fling boyfriend this year called her a liar. I understand where he's coming from now. I heard her forming her web of lies and twisted the situation to one that victimised her.I am panicking, hyperventilating, and feel the immediate need to get out of the house. I just want to beat something anything. I have a mountain of homework to do now and it's so late and my adderalls worn off. Grades are locked on Thursday and I just keep a feeling of anxiety and fear of this house in my mind.She is a dictator. Leaching off of my parents. They chalk it down to her disorder, and while I've been told that people with BPD are unbearable to be around, I just cannot live in this house anymore. I've begged my mother to send me to the U.K, but she's told me that it's too late, you have no GCSEs and are too far into the U.S system. I take my frustration out on the speed bag instead and sat at the dining room table trying to do my work, but my mind's too fixated on what happened. My heart's racing and feel as though I'll be killed in my sleep (farfetched perhaps but it's a feeling) and while idiotic I want to pop out the vodka and just drink away. I have done alcohol at parties and I do rather enjoy it.Reddit. Am I a victim of sibling abuse? Are my parents doing enough? Am I a weakling who should man up and stop worrying? I am honestly close to giving up now. Just how serious is BPD.
A few weeks ago, my brother in law punched my SO in the face late at night. I was in the vicinity, but not actually present at the time and place this happened. She had a bruise on her jaw for a week.She thinks it's no big deal because they are siblings and they always fought when they were young. When I point out that they are now in there 30's, I had one friend (who was previously vehemently offended by her friends domestic abuse [and rightly so]) claim that it was alright because she was his sister, so to him, "she has no pussy or boobs". Wait!!? What!??I always thought that assault was assault, regardless of the relationship. What makes people grant "a hall pass" for certain circumstances and family relationships?
After weeks of planning and the invaluable support of my closest friends, I got out of a manipulative relationship with my roommates and left the apartment. After realizing that most interactions that I had with them manipulating me and guilt tripping me, I got out. The planning wouldn't have even started though if I didn't read people's stories on /r/abuse and realized that the situation I was in was detrimental to my mental well being, so I quickly wanted to thank everyone who was brave enough to have shared their stories and in turn helped me get out of one of the worst chapters of my life. Thank you.
Hi everyone, I'm writing this because I want to protect my family. Here's some background:I live with my mother [52], father and grandparents [90,91]. My mother and father have been having enormous marital problems because of my dads behavior. I think it would help if I explain his character--->He is a victim of sexual abuse as a child and is very embarrassed about it. He constantly plays the victim card when he is caught in a lie or argument. He recently started doing therapy for the abuse and his many emotional meltdowns recently.->He is a macho man. He works construction, rides motorcycles, owns guns and supports trump. Basically he's your typical American alpha male. He believes that I have no right knowing anything that goes on between him and my mother.-> He is a relapsed drug addict. Last year he had a meltdown after having it out with my mom. He drove to our summer house and tripped so hard on narcotics that he hallucinated people stealing his car. He used one of his (since been confiscated by police) handguns to shoot the fictitious people. State police came and arrested him. Since that incident, things have been very very rocky. Last month he stormed out, apparently overdosed in his motorcycle clubs place and accidentally fired a gun, losing almost two fingers as a result.->He has never physically hurt anyone but he has emotionally and verbally abused my mother and I for years. A few weeks ago he had it out with my mom over her wanting a divorce. He bullies her into yes or no answers. When I get involved he tells me I have no part in it and berates me telling me I'm not his son and that I'm not a man. I learned he had been secretly been using narcotics for years despite us thinking he's been clean.-> He no longer has guns and had been sleeping on the living room floor so he can still get to work. My mother is pushing for separation.So that brings us to today. Two hours ago, he and my mom were arguing and he continually screamed over her when she tried to point out many of their problems. I finally got involved and screamed at him that he cannot bully her that way. He threatened to beat me and threw chairs around the house. We kicked him out of the house.I am worried that he will come back in a fit of inebriation. I'm worried that he might be armed. I'm worried that he may become violent for the first time. I want to protect my grandparents and my mother. I am not afraid of him but I cannot sit on my hands inside this house.I have called a locksmith to change locks today. My mom is contacting her Union attorney tomorrow morning. What else can I do to ameliorate the situation and protect my family? I would hugely appreciate any guidance. Thank you, everyone.
There's a guy that I know very well. The other night we had a very long discussion and things may have progressed beyond. Because of his current relationship, we both threw the brakes though, so that we wouldn't be formally involved with each other until he settles things at home. He's been working on getting out of his current relationship for some time, before I came along I believe, but has hesitated because of his kids involved.After the other night, simply because he was out late at a party with friends, she had it out with him when he got home. And she has no clue about us. I don't see him on a daily basis to know if it's visible, but when I talked to him the next day, she broke items in the house, and hit him in the face on top of other physical abuse. I don't think this is the first time either.When he told me about getting hit I started thinking something happened on accident while we were out so I didn't worry. Then further in the conversation he tells me this. We talked a lot and again, I'm now wrapped up in this with him, so I didn't say anything else before we hung up because I feel like I'm in an awkward situation to talk to him about the relationship he could be leaving, to potentially start one with me.It's been 36 hours since we talked and I'm going crazy. Night 2 and I can't sleep. He told me to give him some time and we would talk later this coming week, but I feel like I need to do something. She is and has been incredibly abusive verbally and physically and he doesn't deserve any of it. I've talked to him before when it was just apparently verbal with anger, and he blames himself but I know for a fact it's not because of him. To make it worse I just went through something similar that finally made me force my ex- husband to leave, so I'm overly anxious right now.I'm afraid to interfere or say something before he reaches out next week, in case he thinks I'm biased given the situation, but someone needs to make sure he's ok and knock some sense into him. We have mutual friends, but I don't want to go to them on this because it will raise questions as too how I know about it and what happened with he and I. I know what I need to do and say, but I guess I'm afraid of putting more pressure on him, even though I would have felt this same way months ago when we were just friends. Any help or advice would be appreciated, please.
Yesterday i finally left my abuser for good and with the help of my family and friends kicked him out of my place and out of my life. I just wanted to tell everyone who is in a difficult situation and feels that they cannot leave an abusive relationship there is still hope.I had reached out to the people i abandoned and was isolated from and was welcomed with open arms. Now i am on the road to recovery and bettering myself. Sometimes i get lonely and lost not having my abuser telling me what i can and cannot do, but i know i will over come these feelings.I am so happy to be free. I am so thankful to have escaped. If you are stuck in an abusive relationship or situation please do not give up. There is hope and resources for exit plans.Just wanted to share a little bit of happiness with everyone. My world has life and color in it once more. If anyone feels no one understands and you need a safe space to vent, PM me.
Originally posted in /r/relationships and was directed to here. Just copy and pastedWarning long and a bit rambly I'm very upset and don't really know how to process this.I've been with my boyfriend for 10 years, we've had our ups and downs, but always enough ups to keep it good. We still go on dates, enjoy many of the same things, have fun conversations and I love him very much. But I'm starting to realize love isn't enough and I'm pretty sure he's abusive, not physically but defiantly emotionally. Lately it's been mostly downs, we fight constantly now over every little stupid thing like what we are going to watch and what we are going to eat and little things like that. But the little things always explode into a full on fight where he insults me and makes me feel horrible.Today I realized I'm not happy and haven't been happy in a long time. We got into a fight over something stupid, he mentioned a podcast he had and I suggested we listen to it. About an hour in I noticed he was being cold to me and shooting me glares. I asked him what was wrong and he went into this passive aggressive mode saying "Well if you weren't so insensitive and selfish you'd realize what you did wrong" I was confused and continued to press for why he was mad and what I had done wrong, he just kept saying that I should know and was an asshole for not knowing. Finally after about 20 minutes of back and forth of this he said that I didn't let him finish his sentence and he wanted to watch a movie and I was a bitch and interrupted him.I told him he needs to communicate more and if he would of told me that I would of gladly watched the movie, it then exploded where he told me I was a selfish cunt and a piece of shit and can't do anything right and wished I'd get shipped off to a mental hospital (I have various mental health problems all which I'm medicated for and have been stable for 3 years) so he wouldn't have to deal with me anymore. He also said he's glad we never have sex because I 'don't deserve it', we have sex maybe once every 2 months if I'm lucky At this point I started crying, which made him annoyed and he told me to 'drop the act' and that my tears weren't fooling him and thats just how I win arguments, I don't cry that often even. He continued to insult me and call me names and at this point I stood up and went to the bedroom to sob.He came in and gave a half assed sarcastic apology saying things like "Oh I'm sorry it's okay I know you can't do anything wrong you're perfect and amazing and wonderful just stop pretending to cry" I really couldn't stop crying so he just got annoyed and left. After a while I laid there and realized I'm really not happy, and that I'm tired of always worrying what I'd do wrong next, why he'd get mad at me, am I really just a piece of shit, he calls me that all the time I'm starting to believe thats what I really am.Then I realized I really don't want to be with him. I just want to be alone. This is where it gets tricky, we live together and have been living together for 6 years. Both our names are on the lease, but I could probably pay for the rent and bills on my own but he'd have no where to go and feel he would guilt me with that fact. Most of our stuff has been purchased with our combined income and own a cat together and I don't know how to split it.I realize these are all small excuses, but I really don't know how to end it. How to even start it? He's pretty much the only person I have dated and so I have no experience with breaking up with someone, but I'm so unhappy but I just don't know what to say. How do I end this relationship? I don't even know how and don't think I can but can't stand this, it's only a small piece of what goes on at least once a week.TLDR: After a fight with bf I realized I'm not happy, but I don't know how to break up with him. How do I end an 11 year relationship when our finances and everything are intertwined?
my girlfriend of 6months is the love of my life.but she is riddled with insecurities and has bouts of depression.her mother was physically abused by her father,seriously beaten up.today when we met we had argument and it'd got really heated up when she decided to walk because she knows that irritates the hell out of me.this one time I grabbed her waist and pulled her back.all this was unfolding on the street.later when I thought the fight was over she dropped a bomb on me she said that I was physically abusive when I grabbed her by her waist and pulled her back(I forgot that she was on her period).keep in mind that we were on the streets and iam someone who hates drawing attention towards self so I couldnt have been that rough.how do I explain to her that I wasn't being abusive without coming across as defensive?I don't want to say ,"I wasn't too rough "because that seems petty and no matter how hard or soft I was she still felt threatened.she now thinks that I'll turn into a monster like her father but I'd never raise my hand on a woman.
I've [28F] been dating my current boyfriend [24M] for 2 years now. I live in his condo and we spend almost all our time together. From the first month we started dating he became what I *think* is mentally/emotionally abusive. I was drawn to him because he was handsome and funny and he took care of me financially. One of the first occurrences of abuse I remember is him getting angry with me because I spoke to our male cab driver. We were on our way to my favorite concert and we didn't even make it there because he was so upset over me talking to this guy. I feel like I need to add that I was not flirting, just making casual conversation with him. To make a really long story short, over the two years he has been verbally/emotionally abusing me almost every day, saying things like "you're so fucked in the head","you're a fucking bitch", "you're so pathetic", "I don't want to look at you or touch you, you disgust me"..etc...one time he got so angry in public that he called a moving company to get me moved out right that second but then backed out when it was time to give them credit card info. He has made me pack my things and then dumped them all over the floor and made me re-pack them again only to ask me to not move out. I'm struggling so much with this because I keep thinking that maybe if I could just be better and treat him better/clean more around the house/take care of him better that he will be happier and stop with the abuse. He hasn't laid a finger on me either which is another reason I'm questioning if this is actually abuse or not. I think about leaving him every day but the guilt is eating me up inside. He has a drinking problem and no friends/family in this area. I'm literally his only friend and he's even said that to me. I feel terrible leaving someone who is struggling with alcohol addiction and no friends. I'm also worried about myself financially on my own. I know this is the most selfish thing and I didn't even want to put this in the post, but I haven't had to worry about money at all and I'm scared to be out there on my own again living paycheck to paycheck. Has anyone else dealt with this type of guilt before? I feel so desperate for answers that only I can give myself. I feel like I should add that when we're not fighting, we get along very well which obviously makes it harder. And when he apologies for what he said it's always in a very cute little boy way and it makes me feel terrible. All of this sounds so stupid and weird to type out..
I ended a 3 month long emotionally and physically abusive relationship in April. Been dating my current boyfriend since July.  I got an email saying my ex has been proven guilty, i'm waiting on my letter to read more about his sentencing and all of that. I told my boyfriend this, and he asked if my ex took my virginity, which he did, and he said "ohhhh so that explains why you're so goo goo gaga over him." I was shocked and saddened. *He thinks I liked being treated like that? Does he think that shit I went through was fun?* all he knows are the bad things about him, I would share stories about SOME of the shit he would do, not say, to me. He tells me I need to get over my ex and what he did to me and to stop thinking about it because it's not good and it won't help me any. He told me his mom was in an abusive relationship and when she left she "easily" got over it and "moved on". I put those words in quotes because I don't believe someone who endured such violence could simply not have it affect them in the slightest. I feel like a domestic violence (violent?) relationship is something that takes time for the person to heal from. I've heard so many fucked up things come out my exes mouth that would shatter any other shmoe. I remember our fights and replay them and his words to me at different times when I have downtime. I don't know why I do this, it is rarer now. But still. Maybe he is right. Maybe it's been long enough (April - October) to where i don't need to think about it or it shouldn't be looked back on anymore. I am with someone who is the opposite of my ex and i guess that should be all that matters.
I'm sharing this now because at the time I wrote it  (15-ish years ago) all I secretly wanted was for someone to read it and help me and I thought it might be nice to finally allow myself to voice my thoughts, and to recognise I'm in need of support.I haven't tried to deal with the abuse I endured until very recently.  I started going to therapy but have yet to actually talk to my therapist about the abuse ... the idea is so daunting it scares me for some reason.  I thought sharing this here might make the vulnerability easier to handle.  Baby steps.  Hands tightly clenched hold on for dear life,Like a name sitting just outside the bounds of memory his fingers ache to grasp her,Entangled in a game of life and death.Like a spider spinning her victim they curl forever around,Searching for the moment his sway will snatch her,Life is holden in a set of hands.Thoughts pounding, my head is my heart,Reality slowly abandons my conscious mind,Like the sun dipping into the night.The seize of his hold against me betrays his fears,The irony of his power.His fingers are his fury unleashed.Holding onto a life not his to hold onto.

I know it's cliche', but I keep seeing women of abuse just moving down the same type of path. Sometimes I'd like to say that I know how it is, men get abused too, but it feels as though I could never compare. Perfectly good, beautiful, women seem to shut their minds out of good opportunities for reasons that don't need to be. I understand there are reasons and many different reasons, but after finding so many women of abuse that won't give a good man the time of day, I have got to think there is a common factor I am missing.That being said, how do I get to a woman of this type that I have so many connections with in a respectful way, but direct enough to get her attention?
I'm not sure what to do. Things have been stressful in my house for 3 years or more at this point. I'm so used to my wife yelling at me and telling me everything is my fault. Things have been getting worse and worse since the summer. We started seeing a couples counselor but she didn't help much. The conversations were always steered to what I'm not doing and how I'm not living up to my wife's expectations. I don't have many close friends that are just mine because it introduces problems when I do. I finally talked to an old friend and they suggested I need to be seeing a counselor by myself for just me. I think I was scared to do that because in the back of my head I unconsciously knew what they were going to say but I finally saw a counselor last week. She told me I've been living in an abusive relationship for the last few years. That I've been conditioned to think everything is my fault. That there's been emotional abuse, verbal abuse and borderline sexual abuse. This floored me. It sounds silly but I knew some of the behaviour was abusive but I didn't think I was living in it. Even writing that sounds stupid. Fuck. I keep having periods where I can't stop shaking. I feel frozen. I don't know whether to talk to my wife about this or not. I've been scared of her and her reactions for so long. I'm embarrassed to admit that... Societal conditional and all.We've been together for almost 20 years at this point. I don't think she's doing this consciously but still. To treat me this way. I just don't know what to do. I am going to be seeing my counselor again this week. Just by luck (she was recommended by the same friend I talked to) she deals with abuse regularly so she says she can help.
Ok so I'm new at this but I need to get it off my chest. Also I'm sorry because its pretty long. So here's the deal, I met my husband when I was eighteen we slept together the second night we hung out and I got pregnant. He found out about three months in and we started talking, I ended up miscarrying the baby but we still moved in together. We lived together for six months before we married and he treated me like a queen. But as it usually happens he changed almost immediately after marriage. We both did drugs before we got married but promised each other we would quit. Long story short, I quit he didn't. He started doing things like accusing me of cheating ( which I never did) or saying I was a whore for other guys looking at me or flirting. Then came the physical abuse. He would hit, punch slap me regularly. When I was six months pregnant with our daughter he beat me until I passed out. When he was done I had eighteen lumps on my head. Ten finger bruises on my neck, a rip out of my back, bruises on back, etc I'm sure you get the picture. I STILL didn't leave. This continued for the nearly five years we were together. My mom, family, friends (even his friends and family) would beg me to get out. But after he was through he would cry, threaten to kill himself bc wat he had done. I would forgive him and the cycle would continue. I was the only one working while he sat around doing meth. I finally began to wake up and realize for one my baby doesn't need to go through it. Two I'm way better than the shit I was taking. So one night he wants to go to the late night movies and I have to work early the next morning I offer him money to go but told him to ride with our friends. Oh hell no I became a slut who fucks old men? Idk where that came in, well I told him fuck this I'm leaving he said go I'll be better off. When I tried to leave he jumps thru my car window and starts punching me in the head yanks daughter out of car seat, cops get called. Since were married he kept the car, but I snuck and got it three days later. Mom came and got me. Thank God I somehow managed to get a protection order for two yrs for me and my baby. I have been gone for two months and feel my confidence rising again. I work at a new place making more money than I ever had and guess what? I only support me and my baby now. It feels great, so all of y'all out there just kno once you find your courage to leave life will begin, not end like you think. It took me five years but I kno wat I'm talking about. As far as shitty husband he is now dating his cousin! Lmao anyways that's my story again I'm sorry for length.
I'm 17, turning 18 in December. My dad has always been verbally abusive, but it's been especially bad these past few years. He hates the concept of me having any sort of individuality. He always berates me for not having friends/sitting around, but gets mad or makes fun of me if I try to do anything else. He threatens to beat me on a regular basis, and he's always screaming about something stupid. I don't have a driver's license, and he won't let me get any sort of ID, so I can't just leave if things get bad. I plan to move out as soon as possible, but I just don't know how much longer I can take this. I already have anxiety issues, and he screams at me and/or makes fun of me if I cry. I cannot stand up to him, because he's bigger than me, and would (love to) make my life hell if I actually called him out for once.  I don't know what to do. I can't stand one more minute with him. I've tried bringing him to my psychologist, and he spent the whole time blaming me. My mom doesn't want to do anything. As wonderful as she is, she refuses to see him as the narcissist that he is.  I've looked everywhere, but there are surprisingly almost no resources for teens dealing with abuse. I can't take this. He literally makes me want to kill myself.
For the past year, after having realised that my ex was emotionally abusive, I've regularly been spending a lot of time researching emotional abuse. In the last couple months, after having processed all I needed to with my ex, I used what I learned from him to finally realise part of the answer to the question I've been asking for years."What is wrong with me?"What is wrong is, I figured out that my dad, and my mom, seem to both have been to some extent emotionally abusive. But that's not necessarily the part I want to bring up here. I saw something asking how many times does someone have to physically intimidate you until it's considered physical abuse? And it made me think a little bit about if either of my parents showed any physically abusive behavior or behavior nearing physically abusive. I wouldn't say either of my parents were really physically abusive towards me. I was never once hit. Wasn't even spanked as a child, as far as I remember. I mostly didn't live with my mom, so I don't have too much to judge her by. But here's some things I can list from both of them:My father, before he recovered from his alcoholism, once in a drunken rage started breaking things while yelling curses at my then-stepmom (who then became his ex-wife and now is his girlfriend again in a messed up twist). I was in the house at the time, but I didn't actually see it happen. I only heard it. So as far as I know, it wasn't just breaking things. It could have been throwing or something else. Who knows? There was also another incident that I didn't see and only vaguely know about. Something about him breaking a rental phone of hers. The closest he's came to anything like that with me was when I was sixteen, a whole year or two after he became sober. So no blaming the alcohol here. I had gotten threatened with truancy for missing a few days of school (due to feeling depressed). One morning, my alarm didn't wake me and I missed my bus. He got pretty mad because of this. I usually kept my door locked at night just for privacy, so it was still locked when he came to my door angry about me missing my bus. I was too scared to open it at that moment because of how mad he was and this resulted in him violently giving one big kick to my door. With my mom, I didn't see this too well, but fairly recently there was a time when she was trying to spank or hit my eleven-year-old sister despite her loud protests against it, cornering her. Then there was a blow-up we had a couple weeks ago when she kicked me out. She was pressuring me to hand over my old iPhone (I recently got a new phone) even though I wanted to sell it and mad over a facebook status I made about her after I got fed up with how critical she was of me and my sisters. I shut my door in her face and tried to lock it. She immediately went berserk. She was pushing on the door, trying to keep me from shutting it and locking it, banging on it, yelling the word "bitch!" repeatedly at me, and when I succeeded in locking it, she got a hammer and tried to open the door that way. But I opened the door before she could actually succeed in opening the door that way. Then there was me finding out from my grandfather that my mother once beat up on my grandmother ages ago. Before now, I never really thought about any of that very much. It actually kinda surprises me. 
I'm just gonna cut to the chase... I need a plane ticket donation.. Where can I get one???? I looked at orbitz.com and the cheapest flight is around $300. Im 20 weeks pregnant and I don't wanna go into detail, but things with my husband are getting very ugly and I am scared!!! I have no job, my husband controls everything. I'm across the country from my mom and I NEED to get out of here!!!!!!! Is there any resources that I can use to get a free plane ticket ASAP?? Or is there anyone kind enough on here to buy me a plane ticket?? My mom cannot afford to help me, she is scared for me! I'm desperate!!!!!!!! Please help!!!!
More just to vent than anything, I'm really, really upset with my current partner. I was abused heavily by my ex physically, emotionally, and sexually and now my current partner is upset with me because I have a fear of being touched and can't have sex right now (I'm in therapy trying to work through it). The thought of it is enough to seriously freak me out. What I don't understand is I explained to her (I'm a lesbian) everything that happened to me and she's still just being kind of an asshole about it. I was just on the phone and we were joking around and the subject of sex came up and she just blurted out, "Well it's not like we'll be touching each other anyway" in this really mean, sarcastic tone. Sorry I'm just... Really upset... She told me she understood and most of the time she's very sweet, but it's like all she really cares about is sex and it kind of hurts...
Hello, my situation is not that bad just need unbiased advise. I dated this guy for a bout a year & half on and off. It's been a very volatile unhealthy relationship. We are both jealous & controlling. I am a 24 yr old female & hes 37 yr old man. Our relationship began to get physical with me putting my hands on him maybe 3 different times. He never hit back until one time we were out he accused me of flirting with guys & called me a bad name so I pushed his face away & he pushed my face back hard. He immediately left the bar & we broke up. He apologized for putting his hands on me & even bought a trip for us to go to Mexico. I decided to get back with him mostly because I should have never put my hands on him in the first place. Fast forward 8 months we just got back together after being apart for 2 months. He came over we had sex and started working on our relationship again.2 weeks later he came over we has again he goes to throw away the condom and sees another condom in the trashcan ( his condom from 2 weeks ago) & loses it. I told him it was his consom but he pushed me on the bed got ontop of me and started slapping me across the face. He even tried to choke me. I pushed him off he was calling me all kinds of names I tried telling him it was his condom he hit me multiple times again ... Left Marks on my face. He left he text and said I better not tell the police on him ... Since then 2 days have gone by & he has continuously called & text me from random numbers apologizing blaming some medicine he's taking plus he was drunk. I'm completely done with him but should a restraining order on him? I feel like I don't know what he's capable of now & I don't want to deal with pressing charges. Or for him to think he can get away with this.
I was dating a guy for a year and a half. We got our own place together at 4 months into the relationship.. Fast I know (he was the one who really wanted to speed up moving in together, I was reluctant), but it felt right at the time and I was happy. I was living with my ex-boyfriend still at the time we met but I was planning on getting my own place and he was moving to B.C. plus it was an easy, mutual breakup - we were friends, and still are. First few weeks of dating, I seen red flags right away.. He was just jealous & always wanted to know everything, always wanted to know if I was still talking with my ex, even though I always tried to reassure him there were no feelings there like that anymore. Really weird things he'd do when we were out is create fights out of nowhere, telling me I was acting funny or thinking about something/someone else. It just felt so controlling, but I didn't know if it was because of his past so I tried to disregard it all. About a month before we were going to be settling into our new home together, we were in his mom's basement in his bedroom. I was upset about something but I couldn't sleep so I was prolonging conversation because I wanted to resolve it before bed. That's the first time he hit me and choked me. Of course his mom came downstairs and broke it up, cussed him out, and brought me upstairs. But he looked like a psychopath. He ended following me upstairs and spit in my face several times right in front of his own parents.. He was literally flying through a rage one minute then crying and apologizing two seconds later, it really scared me.. They didn't phone the cops. Its like they didn't want to. And I don't know why I didn't either.. I don't want to make this too long but yes we did move in together unfortunately - one of the biggest mistakes of my life. Yes there were great times, times where he made me feel like a princess, and those times where he'd make "it up to me" for the violence. Then the physical, emotional, mental and verbal abuse just got worse. I feel numb, I don't even feel like living anymore.. I don't want to let him win because I know I am smarter then this, but I just feel so dumb. He'd lie, cheat, continuously talk to other women on social media and get angry and physical with me when I'd confront him. He basically blamed me for the abuse and right now I am feeling helpless. He is on paxil.. Something his family told me early on in the relationship when they didn't hate my guts. But they just told me it was for an inchemical imbalance in the brain, something I still don't really understand? His sisters also told me early on I'd be leaving in a body bag if we moved on, only to taking those words back once they decided to blame me for everything. So I've finally got myself out of that situation, and it feels good. I'm trying to be my strongest and I'm still not there yet, like I said. I just really need someone's opinion. He beat me to the punch on getting a restraining order against me because he was planning on keeping my furniture, and yes the judge granted one because stupid me never pressed charges, which I am regretting obviously.. I know he was forced to do it from his family because they told me they were giving him serious ultimatiums and he told me he loved me a few minutes before going to file it.. *eye roll* I just want to know, many times he's told me its not going to be the next girl - it was all my fault :( and if I can get a restraining order on him, even though he has one on me? Please give me some advice or just guidance.. I really just need someone to talk to. Cheers,
My husband yells, berates and expects too much from our son for his age/developmental appropriateness. He also will do things like throw a pillow at him, push him or roughhouse when he is angry, which scares my son. Then he will tell my son to stop crying because he's *only* "playing"/"teasing"- expecting him to ignore his gut which is correct- it's not playful...daddy is angry and being a bully. While the emotional abuse is the most frequent, on a few other occasions I've also heard him hit my son (spank or slap perhaps) from a different room and then say he didn't hit him and why is he crying! When I ask he always denies it and claims it was something else. My son has become anxious and angry, esp right after these episodes with his dad. I want to get him to a therapist. If he tells the therapist what goes on and how he's scared of his father, can I obtain records to prove the abuse in divorce court? I realize should have left this SOB years ago, but nonetheless thinking of splitting makes me anxious. He is the breadwinner and has lawyer friends. We are in San Francisco, California. I'd be grateful for a any advise you can offer..thanks.
i live with my mother, father, and brother. Ill try not to make this long. I have an older sister who now lives by herself. Thoughout all of my life ive been the good son. Both my sister (when she lived with us) and my younger brother have been messy, irresponsible ones. My brother constantly lies to my parents, takes stuff thats not his, doesnt do any homework or any schoolwork at all, leaves the house like a mess... my sister had other sort of issues but they were still spoiled-teen like problems and behaviours. I have ALWAYS been the one who got good grades without ever asking or needing help at all, im responsible with my chores and had never disrespected my parents or caused practically any trouble at all. Until just nowSo i come home from college and receive a text from my mother putting me down for not having cleaned my room in the morning... I have always cleaned my room after i come from school and by the time she is home sometimes ive even cleaned up her room whe she asks me to.Anyway, i texted back saying pretty much that and got no answer. So of course, when she comes from work to eat lunch and pick off my brother from HS she tells never to speak like that to her again. I was tired of (since like just 2 years ago) constantly getting shit for her about silly stuff like this. And my parents have always provided me with my needs but they were also never around in my childhood and they forced me to do a lot of stuff i didnt want/like For example, i was forced to join an american football team where i was constantly bullied and even got a hazing? (im sorry, i wouldnt know the right term, see i im mexican and this whole thing happened in mexico) which did some really traumatic stuff to me...After that they did sign me off from the team but i was and am still angry and traumatized from it ever since. Ive never forgiven them fot this and other bullshitNaturally, im very distant from my whole family since i was like 11 So, getting back to the present, i pretty much told her to stop talking to me like that because i never do any wrong and she was pretty much overrreacting. Shes tells me im the worst member of the family and bla bla how dare i... eventually she even began to mimick my voice with a stupid tone, to which i finally exploded and told her not to speak like a pendeja (like a very rude version of calling someone like stupid/dumbass)So she went upstairs yelling that she had had it with me, she didnt want me in her house anymore, she had no legal obligations over me (im 18) im an ungrateful bastard, and warned me that if i hadnt left by the time she came back she would kick me out herself..all while throwing out my clothesMy father always takes her side so as to avoid any confrontations with her... hes a coward who never stands up for me in that senseshe is going to come back in about an hour and i have literally no idea what to do if she kick me out (which seems very likely) and things here in mexico are a bit different from the states, its not like a friend of mine could just let me stay with himwhat is going to happen to my studies? what about my girlfriend? i dont have ANY money... why did i get this family I was always the good son... and im getting kicked out
I suppose all these things should start at the beginning.  By the time I was 17 and finishing high school my parents became gradually more and more abusive (verbally and physically)  I know now it was because of their alcoholism and their own issues that caused it.  But by the time I was 19 I was isolated, alone, desperate and considering suicide. I had no one around me when I met Dan. Dan wasquite a bit older than me but we got close and started dating all the while my parents were getting worse. So I decided to move out with my boyfriend. I ended up getting pregnant along the way and decided to have a termination, which he didn't want and has always been an issue between us.  This was something that broke another part of me and this is the first time I've told anyone except him. I still have nightmares about doing that and no one to talk to about it.  Emotionally I struggled and have never managed to make friends, much less ones that stick around. I have constantly battled depression and anxiety over the following years but still managed to get into university and am almost graduated.  Things between me and Dan have gotten slowly worse since the termination and now it's as though it's a parallel with what happened with my parents.  He has started to hurt me.  Today I fought back because I thought it was going to happen again and he pinned me down and now my wrist is badly sprained. I know I shouldn't have been physical as it just made things worse. Now I'm alone in my flat feeling the same way I did all those years ago.  All I can think about is killing myself, I have no one to talk to and the only outreach I have is this post.  I am alone, frightened and feeling hopeless as I have nowhere to go What do I do? 
Key letters ill be using to keep names anon in this post:A=Me, op. H=My boyfriend.B=The Ex-Boyfriend and AbuserJ=Boyfriends Ex-FriendSo, i'm typing this withoutmy bf's knowlege and in an extremely tired state, being only tied over by caffine so, apologies if there are tons of typos and rambly bits in it. Ill most likely read replies when I wake up.So, the beginning.Well, I met my boyfriend a few years ago, maybe 4 or 5 years ago.Its long distance, I am in Europe, he is in america.He had a small friendship circle going on, including J and B.We got along instantly, and started hitting it off and within a few months were in a happy relationship.Well, as happy as you can be when H suffers from an abusive drug filled home enviroment and I suffer from overpressure, paranoia and both of us with depression anxiety and other mental issues at the time.We hit a rocky point, however. I was doing college (End of highschool for you 'Mercians out there) and H had hit a low point in their moods, which didnt help with B being depressed and J being suicidal. I wasnt ready to deal with the additional stress due to helping several other people on the side with my work so I started talking less and less, not wanting to leave but knowing id have to.B then convinced H to break up with me, which at the time I was thankful for. We took a break, not too long after (Not even a month, if I remember right) He swoops him under his wing and makes H his new boyfriend. After some time break I began talking with H again and we got along happily. H then started to notice a bad turn. J stopped talking with H and H started to isolate themselves from their friendgroup as it basically split apart, J and H arguing and B saying and provoking J had/to have feelings for him. Then he started to be controlling. He started threatening suicide if H left, spending all his time playing games and neglecting H when they needed help and attention and only really when B wanted to speak or wanted comfort or help. He started to shame H and namecall and such over things they wanted to do sometimes (Not often, i may add but still did it). H knows the suicide threats were real though and it took a toll on him. He only talked to 2 people, me and B. And then after years of mistreatment and taking a toll on both of us. and H being afraid to leave he finally broke up. This had been about a year of abuse hed lasted. A few months after, he was still keeping contact but then reconnected with J, who had actually gone through the exact same process with him.To put it in simple terms; B broke me and H up when we were at our weak point, shattered H's friendship circle to isolate H and J, and a few others, then proceeded to date and abuse each one at the same time, isolated and alone.So, with the curtain pulled H shut off communication, so did everyone else involved, except H couldnt let go. They didnt want B to die, so they had J check up on him, as time went on check ups decreased to a halt, especially after J sort of turned around and just left H for the dust, but H still had that urge to speak with him.Then after quite some time, I was finishing my 2nd year of university, H had come out as a Trans guy, ect, he got in contact with J again, then was able to speak to B. B had re-entered our lives. And he was even worse than before. driving our strong relationship to the near breaking point where I nearly had a mental breakdown one night and to the advice of my father mid-panic attack had to tell H "its him or me, decide now" after weeks and weeks of trying to get him to leave due to the stress.B was cut out again, things seemed to improve alot. With H's mental health, confidence, ect.But that nagging feeling of wanting to talk to him has been rising, up and has been strong enough we have had several several serious talks about it, and he has contacted J to get back in touch with B again, and it worries me, because there's alot of symptoms that show that H may have some sort of mild case of Stockholme Syndrome and he even agrees that it sounds reasonable, but cannot help it.H's points are:He was H's best friendHe feels guilty for walking out on him (Not that because it was a bad time, just for leaving him)He thinks B had a good sideHe thinks B can change and be a different person since now a year has passed since the last they spokeHe thinks B wont try anything considering the pastWe do know though, that perhaps Anyone who has experienced anything like this or anyone who has, or even anyone with experience first or second hand to Stockholm syndrome, please leave some advice for me or H, because other than going into full paranoia mode i'm honestly at a loss for what to do.Thank you for reading, hopefully you have a nice day.
I am 22 years old and I have depersonalize and derealization, I'm on sertraline hydrochloride for my severe depression and anxiety, and I live in Toronto. That should give you an idea of how my brain works. My father is like a ticking time bomb, no matter how small the issue is, he will start yelling and swearing and threaten to kick me out. This evening my father comes through the door and starts picking on the small details which I forget to do (I don't have a job currently, it is quite hard to get a job in Toronto that is enough to cover rent) I have some memory issues from DP/DR and my father doesn't care. He came to me and started yelling at me because I leave cigarette ash on the stairs *outside* of the rear exit of the house, he threatens to kick me out if he ever sees a dirty dish in the sink, he swears at me constantly calling me useless prick etc. At this point I am not feeling well from some side effects of my meds and on top of being ill from a cold, I just take my dinner and say fuck off. At this point he turns into a beast, he starts running at me trying to punch my face and push me down the stairs, and my mother holds him back, to which he responds with a push and almost knocks her off her feet. At this time we are downstairs in the basement and my father follows, trying to swing at me and I walk up to him and strongly said if you ever touch my mother again there will be severe consequences. He backs off and walks back up stairs swearing and hitting the walls. And now here I am, typing this on reddit to see if I can get help, I need to get out of here, I have no money and no job so I can't just get up and leave, I really wanted to get out of this house as soon as possible. What can I do in Toronto to get some help moving out, financially and just some help and tips on what to do because this is not a healthy environment and I am mentally and physically exhausted. I need help.
Hello. Before I begin, I want to point out that I KNOW what most will tell me. I know the advice that I would give others. I know what SHOULD be done, but it's not as easy to walk away and I need to make sense of things. Telling me to leave this person is the honest answer, but I can't seem to do it.I met this girl after a relationship ended with someone else who broke my heart. Meeting her, lets call her "M", was like a breath of fresh air. Finally a girl who was downright sweet. Made me breakfast before work each day, picked me up from the train station every day, bought me things, went out of her way for me, etc. But it worried me. She was giving me 150% when I wasn't capable of giving her the same just yet. But she is amazingly talented and gets along well with everyone, so I really tried to be the person she deserved. Unfortunately we moved in together right away. Literally a month after. For the first while, I was still heartbroken over the other girl, but I tried to push her out of my mind and only focus on "M". And she really was/is amazing. Our communication became less and less perfect. I have my own demons that she didn't know how to deal with, eating disorders, slight depression. I noticed she started acting less interested, less sweet, slightly annoyed. This only got worse.As time's gone on, there's A LOT of resentment towards me. I never want to blame anything on my disorders, but I can tell that my sex drive likely isn't normal. With ANY relationship, sex doesn't matter too much to me. I'd rather be sleeping, cleaning, or even just watching a movie. It became a constant battle for us because she always wanted to and I didn't.Anyways, our fights used to start out as just getting upset and ignoring each other. But as time's gone on, it's gotten worse. Next came what I can only call as her "snapping." When she's angry, no matter how small the fight may seem to me, she started "snapping." Becoming someone different. It's like word vomit would happen. She stopped looking like herself to me in those moments. Its like she can't control the things that fly out of her mouth. She starts saying anything she can. A few examples:-"No wonder so many of your exes left you, you make life miserable and no one can stand to be around you." -"You look like a strung out looking bitch." (? I don't do drugs so I have no idea where that came from.) -"Why don't you ship yourself back to Italy, unless your eating disorder kills you first." -"You're so weak, why don't you keep crying because you look pathetic." -"You're wrong, I am capable of saying sweet things and cuddling, just not to you! You're the worst thing that's ever happened to me. I can't wait until I find someone who I WANT to love again." -and then just plain and simple, "fuck you bitch."I can keep going, but you get the point. It turned into that. But then escalated into getting physical. The bed we have together is hers. So during a time where she "snapped" she tried to kick me off of it. I wasn't going to budge. She tried to take my cellphone and rip me off the bed, which caused me to fall. She threw her elbow and it caught my lip busting it open. I was shocked and ran to my roommate for help. She denied it and said I ran into her elbow. To this day she claims that I ran into her.The "snapping" seems to have gotten worse. A few nights ago the same thing happened, she pulled me off the bed so hard I hit the floor. I didn't move and just held my knees. She grabbed the back of my hair and slammed my head into the floor. I cried and she said, "aw poor baby is so weak and can't stop crying...cry to your mommy." Everytime I go into shock. Who is this person? And every time she snaps, I never retaliate, I never throw insults back because I never want her to have any leverage on me. I would never say those things to another human being period, let alone someone who is supposed to be my partner. Someone I love. But she says it so easily when she "snaps." She turns it all on me and tells me that she has learned to be like this because of ME. Because I'm so terrible and have hardened her heart. I always tell her in the middle, "Stop while you're ahead because you'll regret this in 45 minutes." And sure enough, shortly after I've either left the house or moved into another room, she tries to be sweet. When I won't give in, she snaps again and starts insulting me. Usually I leave and then she cries to me the next day apologizing and making promises. Begging me to take her back and "recognizing" I don't deserve that. She always feeds me what I want to hear and I know what she's doing. It's all manipulation.My confidence was shot for such a long time. I really thought she was right, I must be this awful person who has created this monster. But only recently have I truly realized this is NOT me. With good friends, I've remembered that I've got a big heart and that I am faithful and loyal and giving. I remembered that I am well liked and that I have many people who would do anything for me. I wouldn't have or be all these things if what she says is true. I remembered that I am a good person. But for a while, I forgot.Backstory on her: her father was slightly abusive as a child. Coming out to her mother was awful and her mom disowned her for a while, but has since then come around again. She comes from an Asian family who taught her discipline and that failing isn't an option. She lost an uncle who was very close to her. She's wildly talented, the most talented person I've ever seen. But I sense self-loathing. She hates that she isn't further in life and blames herself. I've read about narcissists. There are many things that pin-point her, but I'm unsure because I can tell she loathes herself and it's projected on me. Even while playing around, she will squeeze me too hard, or get rough. Kind of like she has a little bit of rage she wants to take out on me. It's all abuse in my book. Emotionally, physically. No she hasn't flat out punched me in the face, but I feel that she gets close. Afterwards she tells me and anyone else for that matter that she would never lay a hand on me. She denies doing anything and I have to wonder, is it because she is trying to talk me out of remember this? Or is it because she's justified it in her own mind to sleep at night? She tries to tell me it didn't happen to I stop believing that it did. We live together. The easiest would be for one of us to move out, I know. I know this. But it's not that easy. We live in a very expensive city and currently have cheap rent. Anywhere else would be way too much on our own. We both have dogs. It's not as easy as it seems and I'm really just unsure how to feel or what to do. She plays the sad card and I always end up taking her back. I KNOW this cycle needs to end, but I was hoping to hear from someone who's been in this or who can give advice. What the hell do I do? I'm in love with the idea of this person and really wanted it to work, but whatever is making this toxic for both of us will send one of us over the ledge eventually. I catch glimpses of the person I fell in love with but I don't know her anymore. She CAN be great and down to earth. She's so respectful to everyone, just not me sometimes. She's giving and I've seen it. She's got so many great qualities. Why doesn't she want to share them with me?Help?
I'm really reluctant to talk about this, even on an anon account with strangers... I can never tell if I was abused because I don't really know what abuse is I guess. I know everyone does things to hurt other people, but at what point does it become abuse? I don't want  to be that person who cries "abuse" when they had a good life and a good home. Here's the story: I was 8 years old, and I was living with my mother, my step-father, and my baby sister. I was arguing with my step-father at the time (I don't even know why anymore). We were mouthing off to each other and eventually he pushed me to the ground. After he did that, I gave him the finger and went to my room. My mom was in the bath at the time, and I don't think she had heard anything other than shouting. I guess he told her what had happened because she came upstairs and she took a plastic clothes hanger and hit me with it a bunch of times. I shielded myself so that most of the blows hit my arms. Then she tore up this new poster that I had got (which i adored) and left. I've confronted her about it as an adult but she kind of brushed it off like it wasn't a big deal, and said that same type of things used to happen to her when she was a kid. I still think about it a decent amount (12 years later) and in a way I hold it against her, but at the same time, I recognize that it was how she was brought up to behave.She has slapped me in the face and spanked me and stuff as a kid, but from what I understand, that's fairly normal. This only happened the one time, but she would also get mad and smash my things and then blame me because "i had gotten her to that point and it was better then smashing my face". This happened more frequently throughout my childhood, I'd say 5-10 times. We did however argue a lot, even from a young age. Despite all of this, we actually had a very close relationship and in a lot of ways i do love her very much. I had stuff under the tree for christmas every year and i had decent clothes growing up. I had video games and Yu gi oh cards. I remember having decent things, but i also remember having to fight A LOT when i wanted something.I don't even know what to think anymore. I don't know if I should continue a relationship with my family. The only person who keeps me from ghosting them is my sister. I dream of starting over completely, only keeping in contact with a small number of friends. TL:DR - My mom hit me a bunch of times with a plastic clothes hanger. I'm not sure how to feel about my situation. 
Although it's really between the two of them, what saddens me is that its public for the whole world to see when its on the face.I'm currently hyper-rational, and am seeking the best way to resolve the issue. I don't know if he is purposely helping my mother and me financially to make up.I've been direct with him before on a similar altercation. I've let it slide and have kept this discussion for a later stage. Any ideas on how I could approach this effectively?P.S - Looking to sell this Macbook. It's like some fucking blood diamond
Hi everybody! The TL;DR first: I need advice for my sister, who is dealing with the father of their son being a sick, perverted child abuser. Despite evidence (and her child's testimony), the court isn't helping protect the child from further exposure.Background story: My sister marries this guy who seemed mostly nice but had something off about him (which we were never able to put our finger on, and we resigned to saying "well, some people are just odd" and we all left it at that).Fast forward a few years, they have a child together who is now almost 4 years old. A while ago my sister started noticing strange behavior. It started with potty training regression. He was going potty perfectly fine for a while, slept through the night without wetting his bed, but suddenly he started having a lot of accidents, bad dreams, waking up at night crying, and he would wet his bed almost every night, her child was also more clingy, and seemed more afraid and on edge than normal.She wrote it off to growing pains and adjustment to a new day care environment, and never suspected anything. Also, her relationship with her husband started going downhill (he basically revealed to her that he is bisexual, and wanted her permission to sleep with men, which she absolutely did not agree to). They separated, and have since divorced. My sister didn't want to prevent her child from spending time with his father, and he started spending a week with my sister, and a week with his father. That's when his behavior started regressing like I described earlier.At some point, he sues my sister for full custody, out of nowhere. When the legal trouble started (and my nephew's regressions appeared), her ex husband's half brother contacted my sister and warned her that when he was 5, her ex husband was 21 and abused him sexually (molested him). He warned her that her ex is probably still a sick man who needs help, and that his catholic family hid what happened because they were ashamed of what he did, and instead of exposing him to the law (and to society) they simply excommunicated him.That same week, my nephew comes back from his week at his father's, and he complains about an itchy butt. She thinks maybe it's worms and takes him to the doctor. The doctor finds it's a yeast infection (mind you, this is a boy, not a girl!). The doctor writes a report, and gives my sister a copy. My nephew then tells his mom that "Daddy put a bee in my butt".Long story short, he loses the full custody battle because he isn't stable (no stable job, no house, etc). My sister shines in comparison; she works for the same establishment for many years now, has a good salary, owns her own house, and even makes extra money on weekends drawing portraits of people (she's a talented artist).Due to the evidence, she gets temporary full custody pending a hearing. Unfortunately, she loses the case because the husband hired a good lawyer (with experience in such cases). His lawyer managed to disqualify much of the evidence. Unfortunately, toddlers aren't as protected from child abuse as older children. They are at a huge disadvantage, the me and my sister feel that the law is not prepared to deal with such cases.Once lost, none of them had custody, and it became a cat & mouse game. My sister moved her son to a new day care closer to home (her ex husband refused a much nicer day care with way better education, because he wasn't willing to pay for it). Without a set custody plan/schedule, it was a game of roulette. Most days, my sister had her child with her, and she would make sure to pick him up early to make sure his dad can't touch him, but one day the father comes especially early, and picks up his son and takes him home. My sister gets there literally 3 minutes later, and when she hears that her son was picked up, she goes into shock and cries for hours, worried sick that her child may have been abused.We thought that with all that happened, that the father wouldn't dare touch his child again. I mean he is now under close scrutiny, and every misstep would be logged and used against him. But lo and behold, the asshole can't help it, and the next day his son complaints to his daycare nanny that "daddy tied him up, hit him, and peed on his face". His father dropped him off in day care directly, so my sister wasn't there to put things into his head for example. The daycare nanny reports this to the police, and then calls my sister to let her know. They take the child to hospital, where DNA evidence was collected. My sister applied for emergency protection/custody, and in the mean time, they are waiting for the return of DNA results (which could take a very long time).The child is traumatized to the point where even hearing the word "father" or "dad" scares him to death. My mom is there helping my sister deal with the situation, and she told me that he cries in his sleep and screams "no don't touch me" or "no daddy don't do this". It's absolutely heart breaking, and it boils my blood. Today she filed for urgent protection with the court, and has a new hearing date to look at new evidence, and is having the police serve the father with a notice.This is all happening in Pennsylvania, and my question is this: Has anyone here been in a similar position? How did you deal with it? How do you protect a toddler from a sick abusive father who is absolutely unrelenting? What can my sister do? How can she protect her child?Thanks in advance!
When I moved out of my abusers house, it was in secret. I spent so much time quietly packing in my room, slowly moving more of the things I wanted to my dad's. I was terrified of being caught. The house I moved to is my safe place. It has its problems, but it's where I started over. Now, I'm moving to a new place. I'm excited because I know the move will be good for me. I know it's time to move on, but I broke down crying this morning. I can't help feeling like the new place won't be safe or I will do something to mess up my life there. I'm so tired of just trying to get through one more day, but what else can you do.
He was emotionally abusive and controlling. He was over the top. I have been laying down crying while listening to music almost the whole day. I'm scarred. I want to die. I feel worthless, I have no self esteem and he broke me down. I feel worthless, stupid, retarded. He was right, I should kill myself 
Currently I'm going through a very hard time but hopefully at the end of it I'll be free of a severely physically and emotionally abusive father and be free to live a normal life. Hopefully. However, I've gotten extremely tired of lying to my friends about what's going on but I don't know if I should tell them or even allude to it in the slightest, because everytime I try to mention it to someone I just feel this huge wave of embarrassment and I know it's not something to be embarrassed about but I can't help feeling ashamed of it. I can't take people's pity and it just makes my skin crawl but I'm so, so, so tired of telling my friends that everything is fine. Especially now when I'm gonna be attending court and moving house and all that. Would telling them be the better choice here? ( Sorry if my english is bad. )
im not all so sad but my step dad thing insults me and pushes me i mean i get mean but still he just said he was gonna beat me to death (i dont belive he would accutaly do it) but hes also called me a a faggot cause im bi and not normal cause i have aspergers these used to affect me but they dont really do anything to me now
If there's a more appropriate place to post this please let me know.When I was 11 years old, my then-14 year old sister committed suicide. My whole family was shaken up, especially our parents, for obvious reasons. We did not live with our parents as children, but with our grandparents on our mothers side, who had protective custody of us. Our grandparents were not the problem. I was.I barely controlled by the one pill they did give me. My older sister was on a cocktail of different drugs  and although I didn’t and still don’t know what they for (my guess is anxiety and her autism diagnosis), I do know that I definitely needed more pills than her. Our grandfather had us in his best interest and tried his best to help us, but it wasn’t enough. My older sister became, or tried to become, a mother figure to help discipline me because no one else would. When I threw fits, she was the one comforting me and occasionally would bring me something from the drugstore the next day as a present. I repayed her by destroying her emotionally in a time where she was growing up and realizing how awful the world is, a time where her hormones were thrown out of whack and only thrown further by her pills. I had always known she was depressed, she spent a lot of time in her room playing with a model doll city that she had contructed out of boxes. When she was motivated, it was about her doll city. It took her almost two years for her to claim it had reached perfection.I would steal things from her city and if I was really mad, throw one of the dolls who lived there into the litter box in her room. One day I was expecially angry and broke and stomped the entire city for no reason, I had just had a bad day at school. When she got home from school and saw it she broke down and had to be admitted into a hospital because she wouldn’t eat and wouldn’t go to school. That city was her pride and joy.Over time I became even more hateful. I would break everything she owned, I would call her names and call her ‘fat, pig, bitch, slut’, I would  take and hide or put in the rain a comfort object she had, a leopard that only had it’s head stuffed, a security blanket she named ‘Meow’.  I would hit her and throw full bottles of water at her and if she ever tried to retaliate I would run crying to our grandparents and she would get punished. I was deathly afraid of getting punished myself because I was convinced my grandad liked to beat me with sticks, which was untrue. And yet my sister still comforted me when I did get punished and stood up for me several times. Even as an ten-going-on-eleven year old I could see she was breaking. Her voice would crack midsentence and she’d stop talking if she saw me looking at her, and she grew increasingly distant from the rest of the family and would get lost in her head and stare blankly into space. At night I could hear her crying. And I didn’t know why at the time. But instead of comforting her like I should have, I still threw water bottles, broke her failed attempts to ressurect her city, and yelled and berated her. All at the age of 11 years old.During the middle of the night in midsummer my sister wrapped a belt around her bedposts and then around her neck and died holding her leopard. She didn’t leave a note, so they don’t know what happened to drive her to this. I know. I know it was my fault and ever since I realized who’s fault it was a few weeks ago I haven’t been able to get her out of my mind. I’m sorry, big sister. Tl;dr I drove my older sister to suicide 
Before I get into discussing my story, I just wanna say that my family is really dysfunctional on both sides of the aisle. My mother's relatives have been at each other's throats for years and my father's side just uses money to cover up how they really feel. Back in 2011, I told my dad that my stepfather molested me several years prior. The last incident with him happened around early '04 and that's only because we moved out of his house. However, my darkest secret was about my older half-sister molesting me first. The earliest memory of this was sometime between 1997-98 and lasted until mid-2004.We had another incident together around late '05. After the brunt of the abuse ended, I remember acting sexual or inappropriately. My mother's boyfriend noticed this and once witnessed me masturbating in her car (shortly before we went to the mall of all places). When I think back to these times, I think about how many f***ked up people I was around. Although my mom started talking to me and my sister about sex as we started to physically mature, when the abuse first started I had no idea what it was. Furthermore, I don't know whether or not my sister was molested by someone else beforehand, but it's definitely possible. If it wasn't our late-uncle who did this (he was suspected of doing so back when she was an infant/toddler), then it had to be someone else perhaps even a teenager. We went to quite a few babysitters between 1990 and 2000 (I was born in '92 though). We also went over our grandmother's a lot when she still lived here in Baltimore. Since coming out to my dad about what both of these monsters did, I feel liberated in a way even though what I did may have made everything worse. But, at least I know where everyone stands on this matter. My mother's side of the family doesn't want to deal with this and my aunt in particular is suggesting I forgive and forget. Yet, if someone were to touch her grandchildren, she'd kick their ass and then some. My father's side of the family is leaving me to deal with this on my own because I lashed out at my paternal grandmother a couple years ago on my old blog. But, I apologized and it's still not enough. To make matters worse, my grandmother doesn't believe me and is siding with my half-sister on this. She's basically comforting the abuser!! It's awful and one of the lowest things she could do. My half-sister is not even related to her! As of this summer, she and my aunt (dad's sister) aren't speaking and we (my dad and I) are wondering if she (paternal aunt) is using prescription drugs. Dad said she took my grandmother's codeine because she thought she was allergic to it, which isn't true. My grandmother's had a tooth infection from a dental implant she got years ago. But, she's getting it taken care of. In a whole other situation, my aunt's marriage of over 20 years is ending (they're heading for divorce any day now). However, I wonder if she realizes something is wrong in regards to me, but isn't saying anything because my grandmother's influence. On dad's side, even if a relative isn't speaking to her, she still has influence on what goes on in the family. It's really sad. I'm starting to think that the only way I'll be able to speak to my paternal relatives (besides my father) about my situation is when my grandmother passes away. She doesn't want to hear what I have to say and it's pretty obvious she doesn't like me anymore. Even when I asked my dad if I could speak to her on the phone someday, he was hesitant about it. So, that speak volumes right there. I just wanna leave this place. I hate Baltimore with every fiber of my being. There are too many bad things that happened to me here. I have been seeing a therapist though for the past six months. While she has helped me realized that the abuse wasn't my fault and even explained the concept about how a 5 year old isn't expected to make an adult decision, I still feel dirty and disgusted by what happened. It makes me feel slimy. Despite what "good" my sister has done for me, I realized that overall our relationship was toxic even before I entered therapy. I don't ever want to see her again and if I do, I'll be two seconds away from kicking her ass. When she decided to stop being my friend on Facebook, I wished I could say more to her, but only said very little even then. I wished I warned her that I was gonna tell everyone who she really is. I also feel like since moving in with my dad others have tried to control my life. I feel limited. There are days when I don't know how long I can take it in this house. I keep asking dad if we can move away, but he just wants to move nearby to some apartments by the neighborhood elementary school. I also hate that I'm near where the abuse first happened. Sometimes when I try to talk to my dad about the subject, he'll try to turn me away and other times he says he's sorry. I'm not sure he even knows how to respond. He also didn't realize how bad my situation with my half-sibling was. He himself considered her as another daughter and once suggested we reconciled shortly after I told him. Then, my grandmother keeps saying I'm making this up and shortly after she found out suggested I say stuff like this when people make me mad. It couldn't be further from the truth. However, I'll also say that most of the time the abuse that happened was consensual. And when I do want to talk to my father about this whole situation, it's never a good time to discuss it because he's busy with work or whatever. I just feel like I'm at a crossroads. My mom's side of the family has been in chaos for years. It's not the first time an issue of incest has come up (don't know if there was any inbreeding several generations back). There are also other skeletons in their closet which included one of my mother's cousins with diabetes being refused his medicine so his family could collect on his life insurance (he eventually died in '83 from diabetic complications at age 28). That's a whole other story for another time. I don't want to face either side of my family on these issues. It's pretty obvious they can't help me. Dad can only do so much. I already told myself that once I leave his house, I am not coming back not even to visit. I just wanna leave this place and never return. Dad's pretty much complacent here and doesn't understand my situation to the fullest. I want to go into a transitional housing program. I thought about a homeless shelter, but realized it's not such a good idea after reading all the bad reviews online. I'm 24 now and have HFA (high functioning Autism). I don't belong in a group home nor do I wish to go to one. I really need to leave ASAP. I even asked a local state agency I was with for seven years to stop supporting me because it'll just take me in the direction I don't want to go in. I already tried going to school for something I don't want to do. And I did a brief internship at a hospital. Meanwhile, I'm also trying to start my own website and publish books on kindle. What else should I do? Any ideas? *By the way, what I wrote is just the half of it! 
I'm not really sure if this would fit here... I see that a lot of people talking about physical abuse, but I want to post this anyway.I am a 13 year old girl. I know. I'm a kid. What is a kid doing on Reddit. Just... Hear me out.When I was little, I liked to imagine my mom as the sweetest person alive. She was nice, and If I did something wrong, I could say sorry and draw a picture for her. She'd give me a hug and hang the picture on the fridge.As I started growing older, she'd get really controlling over me. She'd never let me go outside without someone with me. As I said, I'm 13 and even now, I still have to walk home from school with either my dad or my 24 y/o brother.More recently, within the past 2 or 3 years, she's gotten even worse. Everything I do, she yells at me for. If I do something slightly different from what she said, she goes off on me about how ungrateful I am and how I "deliberately defy" her (her actual words). Even if I don't hear something she said, she says I heard it perfectly fine and that I'm a liar.Earlier today, I did something I was told not to, and soon realized it was wrong. I apologize and own up to it, mom calls me a psychopath for not listening to her and threatens to send me to a mental asylum.Sometimes when I'm at a friend's house, I look at their parents and wish I had parents like that.My experiences over the years have led me to develope a fear of even saying anything around my mom. I developed a stuttering problem, and realized I mostly only do it around my mom. I think I may even have anxiety, but I haven't been professionally diagnosed and don't want to assume anything.My school is like my safe place. I'm around my friends and no one is going to hurt me. I want to talk to the school counselor, but every time I think about it, all possible consequences of that float around in my head and I chicken out.Honestly, I'm starting to believe some of the things my mom says. Maybe I am disrespectful and ungrateful. Can I have some advice?
In a previous relationship, sex was used against me. Anything my partner did for me was to get me to do a sex act I had refused before. Eventually he had me feeling extremely anxious about anything nice he did, wondering what he was going to come up with next, and then to the point where I bought his bullshit that I should be satisfying him any time he wanted, any way he wanted because if not no one would want me. But that's not the issue. I told my current SO and now he won't have sex with me. We were pretty active before but now he says that he wants to make sure I know he loves me. Consciously it's very cute, but it still makes me anxious when I feel him with a hard on he won't let me do anything about. I've barely been able to keep from crying the last few times we hung out simply because I had this sinking feeling that I was doing something wrong. Should I not have told him, and what do I do now? 
I went back to college this year as a mature student after suffering sever depression anxiety for years. I went out a few nights ago for a college event, I hardly ever drink and drank a bit too much.Anyway I met up with him after. I went to kiss him and he said you smell like alcohol and refused to.The movement of the car started making me feel really sick, my head started spinning and I felt very nauseous. He ended up pulling over and I opened the door and leaned out for about 10 to 15 minutes just getting sick.He made fun of me when I sat back up and had sick on my face, he kept pointing at it like I was some freak, I was so weak. He told me he was driving me home, I could hardly stand up, and had to get the strength to walk to the door, he never offered to walk me to the door.Since then I have hardly spoken to him other than sending him a message two days after this saying it would have been nice if you cared how I was the next day...I saw him tonight for the first time. He was horrible. He called me all sorts of names. He said I come across like a 15 year old dumb teenager, the way I use the word "like" a lot. I said I am not dumb, he said well you are definitely dumber than me anyway. He called me a btch. He said I treat him like sht, that is why he ignores me all the time. He brings up old mistakes I made, to shame me. He said he is waiting for me to grow up, that I am 23 but really am just a baby. He said I should have apologized for being sick and he shouldn't have to deal with that. The list goes on...I said do you think I am a baby because I have had depression and anxiety. He told me to shut up and stop using that as an excuse.I used to have hardly anything going on in my life, my life revolved around him now I have college etc...and not half as much time for him, maybe he is jealous, because he was never this cruel before? or maybe it is just pure abuse?It is exhausting and I ended up leaving.
Okay so my girlfriend had an emotionally abusive boyfriend in Highschool, guy was much older than her. Total creep and pretty much fucked her up. She can't have sex without panicking for example.Okay but here's where I need advice guys.He still messages her. It isn't frequent and it isn't really a big deal. It used to be things like "Hey I wanna catch up." Or a friend request on steam or something.She's to afraid to defriend him or reply because she feels like she might provoke him to do something.Honestly I'm not that scared he would do anything but he was trying to guilt trip her last night and I'm pretty pissed. I actually couldn't sleep because of it. Not the anger though, I am kinda genuinely worried this might build and he might do something, he's well over 20 now and doesn't really do anything as far as I can tell and he knows her address. Were not financially capable of moving out and yeah, things are starting to freak me out. She doesn't want me to confront him or provoke him, but I don't think doing nothing is the right choice. I'd get police but he hasn't really done anything yknow? I just feel like talking to him calmly but I feel like if anyone but my gf does it then it'll make him more mad. I feel like she needs to talk to him.People who have been in these situations. What should I do? What should she/we do?Sorry for format I'm on my phone. Also I'm sorry I'd this isn't really the right sub for this, I just don't come to support sub's often and figured this would be the best place.
Hey guys, obviously a throwaway in case this blows up in my face and everyone goes on a witch-hunt. I just need to get this out on some medium. Unfortunately, I find myself aroused by hurting women, and I mean properly hurting women and the thought of it. I never have taken it too far because when I end up with someone willing and into the same thing for the night I make sure to keep myself in check, but I could definitely go much further. Anything, hitting, choking, slapping, verbal abuse, as well as obvious rough sex acts i.e facefucking, gagging, rough anal, all really get me off. I have a really sweet girlfriend who I never do anything like this with at all and never would, but I'm finding myself increasingly bored with our sex life so I'm going to break up before I cheat and break her heart. I just want to hear your opinions, why do you think I enjoy this so much. To the point where I scare myself with some of the things I know I could do. Do you think it is because my dad cheated on my mother about 6 years ago when I was 14-15 years old and I directed my hate towards the lady he did it with?  Just say whatever you think, even if it is too call me a monster, I just would like to hear some feedback about myself (yes I am also incredibly narcissistic, I apologise in advance if that last statement annoys anyone)Edit: not sure if this is the right subreddit, if not, very sorry, could you possibly point me in the right direction.Edit again: Um, I guess if you guys have any questions, then ask away. I'll do my best to answer them.  This is my first time on this page, I have no idea how responsive/interactive you guys are.
someone i know is being physically abused by his/her father.i want to call child protective services, because i know how severe the situation is. i do not want to say exactly what it is because i want to keep it as anonymous as possible.i don't feel that the victim is in imminent danger but he/she is being badly hurt to the point where they bruise and bleed.i am under 18. if i call cps, the victim is going to be extremely upset with me. also, they will know it was me who called since i am the only person that they have told about the situation.im really stuck. what do i do? i know what the right thing to do is but it is not as simple as "just call in, who cares." i feel like the abuse could get worse if it doesn't work and im really scared.
I just wanted to relax this weekend. School has been stressing me out and I value my time and he just has to be a complete dick this weekend. I stay in my room all day because there is nothing he can say to me while I am minding my own business in my room.Tomorrow, if this continues I need to do something, I am afraid I will injure myself badly, or even kill myself if this continues. Preferably I would like to stay home because I don't really have anyone that will invite me over.He is a complete and refuses to admit it.
Somebody requests help and no one says shit.
Hey all! Hope you are having a good day. Saw this board while browsing for some advice and I thought I'd give it a shot. Just as a preface, the abuse that my mother and I (both directly and indirectly) face from my father is purely emotional/psychological so I'm afraid that my issue/situation is very complex as a result of that. Just something to keep in mind while reading my post! :-0As well, there is a brief mention of sexual assault/rape. Just a heads up!So I had a bit of an emotionally rough start today. I woke up feeling extremely conflicted about my father, especially when he's been getting into more and more fights with my mom as of late. I was hoping to relax today since I'm a freshman in college and even if I only have three classes, it can get rough since I have a semi-disability and a few mental shenanigans up my alley. Alas, my PTSD was flaring up and I had no choice but to try and ride it out.Things would have de-escalated had my mom and dad not start talking about one of the former's family members and the situation back at their first home. My mom began to mention rape which is an incredibly sensitive topic for myself as I was sexually assaulted in my first year of highschool and is quite a fresh wound to this day (hence the PTSD). I tried to gently tell them to talk in Polish since I only have a basic understanding of it but my dad kept shutting me down and yelling at me 'what's the problem with talking about it?!'. I told him what I said above about the topic and that it greatly upsets me because of my experiences. Lo and behold however, he just shrugs and scoffs, as though my sexual assault wasn't 'bad' compared to what some asshole of a guy threatened to do to said family member.Needless to say, I panicked and absconded to my bathroom since I didn't want my parents to see me cry. If it weren't for the help of my S.O via Skype, I wouldn't be able to type this all out and would probably alert my mom to the sound of me being in distress. Even so, I just couldn't really believe that my dad wouldn't respect me and my assault, especially when he was there to see what effects it had on me after it happened!This is why I'm starting to feel helpless with my father. He's been unable to control his attitude lately and he's becoming annoyed much more quickly as well as saying things that I'm pretty sure any average person would immediately regret saying afterwards. He yells at my mom, breaks things, slams doors, most likely has clinical depression that he refuses to have checked out (I'm a Psychology major, hence why I'm more or less certain that he's severely depressed), and constantly makes me anxious with stories of shootings, rape, death, etc under the guise that 'I'm interested in hearing what's happening' and that 'I can't hide from the real world.' Not to mention too that he once threatened to leave the house and sue my mom if we got a dog. A DOG. Jesus Christ, I wish I was making that up. He's such a control freak and an incredibly anxious person that I'm sure I inherited my severe anxiety from him (which I have now under control for the most part, thanks to my mother, my S.O, and various psychologists and therapists).I'm at the end of my rope here. I can't move out because of my semi-disability as well as that I have nowhere to go and I don't want to leave my mom since I love her so much. I can't stay with family due to my special needs as well as the fact that nearly everybody (except for my cousins) are just as temperamental as my father, if not worse. I'm at my wit's end and I feel so helpless.Tl;dr Can't deal with my father the way he is anymore. Super conflicted about it since he's my father but is very insensitive about my experiences and has a short fuse. Don't know what to do as I feel the effects creeping on my nerves.Thank you for reading all of this and have a good day!
I moved here over 20 yrs ago. I had been in foster care, but my biodad told me to move here, he missed me. I did.But after I got here, I was seriously abused, including held down and beaten and strangled. I finally got away and called 911. I am in the bible belt, but in a suburb of a major city. This was 23 yrs ago. The male police officer, and older man, came out and saw my marks and saw what was going on and told me I needed to obey my "daddy" and he wouldn't have to do that. And then he stood around shooting the breeze with my biodad. I ended up walking down the street and going in to a church and showed them my marks and they had a family who took me in.Later, while still here, I met my husband. Well, my husband never wanted to move away. Now he does. He is not from here. He is from Indiana. He wants us to move to Indiana. I grew up in Iowa, but am in the south now. In Iowa, I was in and out of foster care. When with my parents, I had no winter coat or proper clothes or shoes. They had plenty of money. They made over $100,000 in the 80's. I hated the cold. I went in to a big depression every winter because I was freezing. I had no money for lunch and had to walk just under 2 miles each way for school in the snow and wind through farm land. And because of my parents smoking, I was often having a burning feeling through my lungs and had a hard time breathing.I can see online that Indiana has similar weather. I know I am in control of my life now. But, I have a huge aversion to cold as a result to what I went through. And I am worried that if we move there, once it gets cold and stays cold for a long time, it will just be a several months long trigger. I know I can buy my own clothes and even a coat, but I am worried. Also, I know I want to leave where I am. I have no contact with my bioparents here. But the memories are still here and I just feel yucky all the time about that. I do have friends here and a life here, and my children have lives here. But the only reason I ever came here was because I fell for my biodad's fake plea that he missed me. And I cannot stand living in a place that is so sexist that a man can beat a grown woman (or even a child for that matter) to bloodied and bruises and marks around her neck from being strangled, and the grown woman would get told to obey the man. I know that was 23 yrs ago, but I don't buy that things have really moved forward much.
Yes. The title is correct.I had this emotionally abusive ex boyfriend who (long story short) tried to beat me up on new years day of this year. I finally plucked up the courage to dump his sorry ass, and here we are 9 months later. I've gone into detail before, but just know that he was a terrible person.So a few of my friends still have him as a friend on Facebook, and they noticed that a lot of his pictures were of him standing behind doors in his home. This would of been no big deal, except he told me he was made homeless by bailiffs and that he would never be allowed back into that home. I have so much evidence to back up that he still lives in that house, and i just don't know how to feel. A part of me is so annoyed because i believed him, but should i of not believed him? He was my boyfriend at the time and i wanted to support him the best that i could. But i just feel like I've been completely mugged off. I feel like a fucking idiot. Not only did he break my heart 4 times and abuse me mentally, but he also lied about being homeless. I don't know why he did this, probably for attention. I caught him out in many lies before we split, so i probably should of seen this coming. I just wonder how much of our 3 year relationship was a lie? Just needed to get this off my chest.
I find myself in a bit of a bind. I cannot afford my apartment without my boyfriend and I don't have anymore friends to split it with or any money to move. I'm not being physically abused, and it's really not nearly as bad as any other stories I've heard. I really don't want to take resources from other people who need it more, but I'm wondering if maybe... I dunno. Maybe they'll have someone in a similar situation that needs a place to live that can move in with me? I just don't know what to do.
Hi. I'm a teenage girl being raised by a single mother. I was molested by a friend of my father's when I was very young, which is what led to him losing custody of me. It caused me to have a severe anxiety disorder, which has recently also become depression. I live on a farm with my mom, something that used to make me really happy. Especially my dogs and chickens. But lately, I am drained. All the time. I can sleep for ten hours, get out of bed feeling great, and be ready to take a nap within thirty minutes.But, the true point of this, is my mother. She's been really stressed the past couple of months. She started a new organization about three or four years ago, which does great things, but has been having severe money issues as of late. All her money from her second job goes into this organization. Sometimes, she doesn't have enough money to pay for dinner. I understand how hard this must be. She tells me all the time. She hasn't dated anyone for 7 years. I'm homeschooled, and I can count the number of friends I have on one hand. None of them would be in a position to help me either way. My mom is an introvert and struggles with people. When she gets angry, she explodes. Couple with drinking, it's not great. It didn't use to be this bad. Especially not when I went to therapy. Now, sometimes she'll yell about an argument she had been having with someone else, but direct it at me. For over an hour at times. If I get upset and yell back, immediately I am a "bitch" and I "don't respect her" and I "treat her like garbage". I can't figure out if we are fighting, which I know is normal, or if it's abuse. Most of the time, she says it's my fault she starts yelling in the first place, but I almost never say something to instigate, that I can think of. I'm not some innocent victim though, I know that I can have an attitude sometimes, but that almost never escalates unless she's had at least one or two beers. This past year she's started calling me a bitch, an asshole, saying fuck you, she even told me she hated me once and told me to get out. She's never hit be before, but she has thrown something at me once, and she sort of almost shoved me about five months ago. My emotional support animal lives with her, and I'd have nowhere to go if I did leave. I'm not sure where to go from here. ****EDIT:I also want to be clear! She isn't a bad person! When she's in a good mood, she's like the best mom I could hope for. We watch tv together, she always makes me feel better if I call her about something, that sort of thing. It's only ever at night that she gets this way!
(cross related to this thread in Dead Bedrooms): https://www.reddit.com/r/DeadBedrooms/comments/52zugq/the_aftermath_of_leaving_her_asking_for_advice/TL DR: my wife (the abuser) has been gone for 10 days now but is still in contact with me and making pleas for me to forgive her now that she's acknowledged the abuse and promised she will go to therapy and that she loves me and wants us to work together to save our partnership. I feel like she's still being manipulative even if she does think she can change.-Hey gang. I've been on my own for 10 days now (my wife has left to stay with her family in another state for an indefinite period of time) and most of the days I find myself happy and relieved to be out with recurring, temporary low points of depression and doubt.  I ended things after 4 years of marriage and 12 years together.My wife has tried to apologize in the manner that she best knows how, but it's riddled with rationalizations and indirectly stonewalling me by only wanting to discuss reconciliation options and all but ignoring the fact that I have asked her for a divorce and told her that I am not hesitant about wanting this. (Example, she initially opened our last conversation by saying that she would not agree to any divorce process that did not involve couples therapy first.)Last night she sent me a well composed letter via email where she said that she takes full responsibility for her actions and eliminating her abusive behaviors, but also brought up that she may be undiagnosed bipolar (this is not a new topic and hedges on her having inaccurately answered questions about destructive behavior when she was last evaluated), claimed that we both need to get better at communicating honestly, and lots of things about how we're partners and she loves me more than anything else in this world without hyperbole.Every time that she's done this it tears me up inside and makes me feel guilty, and subsequently makes me feel like she's emotionally manipulating for me for all I'm worth. I feel like she's stonewalling me and avoiding talking about the divorce until the guilt and her saying that she's really going to change this time and that she really understands things builds up and I crack. (Conversely, her usual favorite weapon in extreme situations is the silent treatment, but I've told her that I won't stand for it anymore.)I don't see my therapist again for another couple days, and my friends and family have temporarily reached saturation and don't feel impartial enough to give me advice. Can anyone here offer support, thoughts, and/or advice?
I worked for a non profit organization serving individuals with developmental and intellectual disabilities. I worked all of these centers for years and I've seen things I wish I hadn't. They are not an organization dedicated to serving the disabled community like they advertise. I've seen countless times of clients being verbally abused, physically restrained and neglected. The organization consists of four centers and at the former center I witnessed several clients being verbally abused by now Formerly Assistant Program Director. These clients have developmental behaviors which they sometimes scream or have self inflicted behaviors such as hitting their neck. Several times when the clients was screaming I saw Assistant Program Director APD walked up to the clients face and screamed 'Shut it' This act was not done in private but in full view of the other instructors and staff at the center yet nothing was said or done to stop the act from continuing. I've witnessed this occurred several times over the coming months hoping someone would say something to stop her. Even the Program Director PD witness the event and said nothing. Finally I couldn't continue bear to witness to this type of abuse being enacted. I brought up the situation during a staff meeting to prevent this act from continuing any further. The Program Director finally acknowledge my claim through a discussion over email. She said she heard the APD telling a client to 'Shut it' several times and would talk to the APD to finally stop her from verbally abusing the client. Ever since that incident she started ignoring me along with the staff members at the organization. Every time I would lead a class, I was left alone to interact with the students and the other instructors would stand on the other side of the room watching the APD paint one client's fingernails. They wouldn't help me teach the class of at least fifteenth students. I walked into work everyday feeling ignored and harassed. One day the Program Administrator came to the center and called me into the office. She stated that the program APD told her that I gave her flowers and that she turned me down which made me depressed at work. This is false because I gave her those flowers as an apology. During staff lunch we were having a discussion about some political topics. The APD made a comment about President Barack Obama being the worst president. I asked her why does she thinks so. She said, 'I don't know, he's just a******.' I then told her that her remarks have no factual bases and makes her sound ignorant. Then she stormed off. The next day, I bought her flower and wrote her letter of apology. That was it, I never asked her out. The Program Administrator suggested that I transfer to another program and made a statement that she was sure that other employee weren't harassing me. Knowing that the Program Administrator was not going to help me out, I finally I decided to transfer to another program. The Program Administrator stated that I will be transferred when they hire a replacement. Before transferring to the other program, I confronted the APD with the other staff about their false statements. The APD stated that is wasn't personal and that we could talk it later. The before the end of the work day the Program Administrator called me into her office and stated that I was being transferred immediately to a different program. I wasn't allowed to say goodbye to any of my students. I was so angry at the company for treating me this way and wanted to quit but I am the sole provider of my family and can't afford to quit. I tried looking for another job but was unable to find one. Now I work as a Floater instructor at the sister center. I've gotten along well with the staff there until one day the former Assistant Program Director there started using her administrator power to bully me. In October, of 2015 I noticed that the APD started giving me snaring looks and being overly demanding. For example, during of our end of the semester showcase at the center one of the students had a severe outburst. So severe he was placed on a mat to calm down his aggression. Program Director PD I were present trying to prevent the clients SIBs from getting too severe. He was hitting PD a lot so I had to restraint him to prevent him from hitting her. She rubbed his belly to calm him down. After the client calmed down, I asked the PD if she was okay with the client by herself, she said yes. So I went to wash my hand and then walked over to another client, my 1 on 1. That's when APD came up to me and said I needed to stay with my client at all times. I thought it weird that she would say that because I'd been there for awhile and know my job description. Finally I said, 'OK' and remained with her the entire day. Later in the day, the same client had another severe SIB and other staff who was a 1 on 1, went over to calm him down on the mat. This staff was a 1 on 1 to another client who is prone to SIBs and he left him to attend to the client who was having an outburst. Another instructor went to assist him and closed the curtains. That's when I noticed the entire main floor filled with students was left unattended. I looked over at the office and I see the APD uploading video onto the Ipad in the office by herself. It's required that at least two staff should be monitoring that entire floor yet I was the only one on the floor. I found it odd that the APD would allow the other staff to leave their clients who is prone to severe seizures alone yet my clients who doesn't have a near serve condition that she required constant supervision. She just walks around a lot and I walk along with her. Finally, I asked to talk with her in private and asked if something was wrong. She said nothing was wrong. As the days went on, she kept giving me uncomfortable stares yet was very friendly with the other staff. I talked with the PD about it and she said she would talk to the APD. Finally, one day she completely ignored me when I asked her about clients notes. Each teacher is assigned several clients to counsel and required to take daily notes on the activities they participated in the classes. The APD was cleaning the floor mat and not monitoring any students. I went up to her and asked her about what my students did in her class that day. She said she was too busy and can't answer my questions. She said I should ask the other instructors and but when I went to them they said that they didn't know. I went back to the APD and told her that the other staff didn't know. She looked really annoyed by my request and rolled her eyes at me. She finally told me what my students did in her classes and walked away. I found her behavior very odd and the next day I asked if something was wrong. She stated no. I asked her why didn't she want to give me the information I needed to do my work. She stated that she was too busy but that didn't make any sense because she wasn't watching any of the students and doing clerical work. She was just wiping down mats with a paper towel. Then she stated that if I have any complaints that I should take it to the PD. Finally, I decided enough was enough and reported her to the Program Administrator. Unfortunately, the Program Administrator did not write her up but instead allowed her to continue harassing me by giving the clients notes to the PD instead of me. The PD would then give the clients notes back to me. The APD continued to ignore me and closed off any physically communication with me. A week later she quit. I really believe that I am being harassed by my company. Because the APD had quit suddenly, they needed someone to take her place. The PD recommended me for that position however it was given to another staff who was less qualified and less experienced than me. I worked as a Floater instructor which is basically like a substitute teacher for over 3 1/2 years yet they gave it to the other instructor who's only been there for only a year. I didn't make any complaints because it meant that there was an open art instructor position now so I thought they would at least give me the promotion I have been waiting for. But they didn't. Instead, they hired another floater instructor which didn't make any sense because I'm floater instructor for that center. Later on, they gave that floater instructor who's only been there for two months, a permanent instructor position. I'm still a floater instructor. I've never been written up or been given a bad evaluation. If fact, every single program director I worked for has always gave me positives praises about my work and recommended me for a promotion. So I don't under why the company would treat me this way. This is why I believe my company is harassing me and withholding the promotion I deserve. What should I do?
I've been in a ldr for almost 2 years. He knows I have ptsd, but doesn't know it was from sexual abuse. I want to tell him, but every time I want to, the words just can't come out. Like theyre stuck on the tip of my tongue, trying to fight their way out, and a vacuum is sucking them back in. I want to tell him in person. Is there anything I can do to set up a situation or tone where it's easier to bring up? Please only answer if you've been in this situation yourself. 
ok so this is my first post ever on reddit so please bare with me and i'll try to keep it short and cleaned up to be easier to readok so it's kinda like this. i have a friend who i'm like close to 100% positive is enduring emotional abuse from his parents. this is kinda in multiple parts ill explain when i kinda figured it out and what exactly i'm aiming for here.ok so first how i found out. so one night me, the victim, and another friend are playing a game(League of Legends not that it entirely matters) and we are voice chatting using the curse chat client. well we are winning in a game and suddenly he disconnects from the game and curse chat at a weird point no warning no sound no nothing. well we surrender the game about five or six minutes later and after we exit out he suddenly pops back in the call and we hear him and his dad arguing abit. the dad is chastising him pretty throughly(also another point is he is 28 yrs old. he has a full time teaching job at an elementry school which is weird as to how he hasn't moved out yet) just claiming he is super ungrateful, that he never listens, and a few other things we really couldn't make out. by this time we just hear the friends dad mumbling and then we hear the mother screaming at him in the background. the mother comes in and defiently starts berating the dad and friend(victim) comes back in and then before the he drops back out of chat we hear the mother getting physical with the father and kicking the victim(friend) and dad out.now here is my dilema. the friend is abit quick to get offended or short tempered when it comes to this situation which i don't blame him for it as its a terrible situation to be and i'm sure has some to do with his mom and dad i guess manipulating him as well. so with that being said when he has been approached in the past by me or other friends he gets upset angry even tells us we don't know what we're talking about and don't know what it's like(coming from being physically abused i at least have an idea anyway) and usually cuts off contact with me or some of our friends.so looking for a way to approach him and not have him go on a total meltdown and actually listen to reason and even find someway to help him escape the situation.
So I've started to notice that I am with a controlling person I'm not sure what exactly to do here. Naturally I am struggling with actually loving the person and wanting to be happy. It can be as simple as I want to rearrange furniture he will start with you shouldn't do that so I then will respond with don't worry I will make sure I set it up with your needs also in mind, then he will respond with that's stupid and it will progressively get more negative. The thing that confuses me most is when he will do something to me but gets legitimately upset and hateful when I do it back. I'll give an example that just occurred (and yes it sounds tame) he hit me in the face with a pillow and hit me pretty hard with it I am having some weird eye issues and my eyes were open so it really sucked I then eventually returned the favor. His response was to stand up grab both my wrists very tightly I could not move them he then pushed me against the wall it was erie how calm he was but I felt like I was in danger. Now the reason he hit me with a pillow was something small and simple (this is also going to sound very tame) we both follow a show together and I was in the middle of a game most people in relationships know a show is a sacred thing between a couple. Well he started to watch it without me with headphones so I make a comment that it is "fucked up" he says "I didn't think you'd mind" I say "we've been following this show together for quite some time how would you think that?" Me again  "You would be livid if I did this to you."  I know he would be very upset and say many hurtful things to me if I did so, and yes I am aware that is indeed a small thing no one should stress about. After that is when the pillow thing occurred. Now I am not feeling down because the show or getting hit by the pillow it's the fact that when I respond back to him the same way he responds to me I suddenly become the "bad guy". I am told that I am stupid he tells me no one would be on my side, he grabs me doesn't let me move tells me he can do whatever he wants. I tell him he's hurting my wrist some times he stops other times he makes it hurt worse. It's like his favorite nickname for me is stupid bitch. This is all one instance that happened maybe twenty minutes ago but it's not the first. I am sitting here thinking maybe it would be better if we just didn't live together so I break down and tell him that, he then just just responds with "you're a petty stupid bitch I am not listening to you anymore." So I am shot down again feeling alone in this situation. Growing up I had stepdads you know one of those kinds of childhood well they were always very controlling over the smallest things that didn't even affect them or their lives. It always made me feel shitty unhappy stressed out I looked awful when I was younger probably due to all the stress but when I grew up I became much happier because I took control of  my life and the things in it. I now find myself in a similar situation and I don't have many to go to. I........ Don't know who I can talk to I am just trying to reach out to anyone out there who may understand where I'm coming from. I can't talk to him because he just insults me and ignores me. Am I delusional? Is this nothing to really complain about?Thanks to anyone that read it fully.Edit: I've finally broke it off it was messy but I feel a lot of relief.  Thanks to everyone for their time and advice. 
I'm an adult male (31). I had to move back in with family after 13 years away because of ongoing unemployment. I was recently accepted into a competitive coding bootcamp, too, and thought I could live at home to save money. But my brother, who's two years older, has been relentlessly critical of everything I do. I don't clean up after myself, I don't do the dishes fast enough, I'm wasteful, I leave the front door open and let the bugs in, I stay at home all day and play video games (I'm learning how to code, so I'm pretty much glued to my computer). I'm okay with readjusting to living with people, but he's unreasonable and refuses to listen to me. He yells without provocation and recently told me that he feels like he has a wife who stays at home all day and doesn't do anything. Gender attitudes aside, it reminds me so much of my father, who was physically and verbally abusive. I haven't felt this weak and afraid in so long and it's bringing me back into depression very quickly. I'm going to figure out a way to move out, even if it means working to the bone to make a living while attending a bootcamp. I just feel like that very scared 10 year old again. I don't know who to talk to, so here I am. I'm afraid that he'll hit me, or worse, that I'll resort to violence because I feel like I need to protect myself before something happens.TL;DR My physically and verbally abusive father is out of the picture but my older brother is just like him now.
I'm about 24 and my sister is 25. I have other siblings as well and we're all fairly close in age, either a year or two years apart. But I shared a room with this sister until I was finishing up middle school. So we ran into a lot more disagreements during that time. I tease her but I also tease my other siblings too. I was bullied throughout school so I try very hard to make sure I only tease her over silly things, things I know she can laugh about as well. I don't directly call her names. Probably did when I was a kid when she was pissing me off but this was mutual. But she recently mentioned that because I'm quick to ridicule her, she doesn't like trying new things and she's more anxious about failing. I never really thought I was being that harsh? But was I? And it just didn't seem harsh to me because I'd heard some fairly nasty shit at school? I'm worried that all this time I've been incredibly cruel to her without even realizing it. I also feel bad that I still think it wasn't as bad as she's taken it. But that's how she took it...so it was still bad in that sense maybe? I'm not the only sibling that teases her and I'm teased myself. I just have never been bothered by it because we're siblings. Sometimes they go too far so I have to imagine I go too far as well? Am I doing it more often with her because she's more sensitive to it? This feels a bit scattered, so I apologize for that. I've just read a lot about emotional abuse and some of it really sounds like me. Like I think she's just being too sensitive and I always just tell her it was a joke and it didn't mean anything. I'm horrified to think I'm the reason she gets so anxious and scared about trying new things. I am also quite close with her, she tells me everything and she calls me first when she's upset. So this really crushed me. I really do love her and I'd hate to be someone that puts her down instead of helps her up. If I talk to her about it, how do I bring it up? She gets very worked up when she thinks she's being confronted. How do I even apologize for doing something like that to her? 
I should start out by saying that I was recently diagnosed with Schizoaffective Disorder because I'm not sure if my diagnosis can tie into this. Basically a few months back, I had a hazy vision of my Grandmother violating me, I didn't believe that she would do such a thing, so I attributed it to a psychological problem, also this was around when my onset began. Fast forward two months, and the vision comes back, this time it keeps coming back, and it's getting a bit clearer. In the vision she violated me in a certain way, and looking back on my childhood this concerns me, because I used to replicate this behavior before I even knew what I was doing. I talked to a close family friend who deals with sexual abuse victims for a living, and she told me it sounds like a repressed memory is resurfacing, but I'm not sure if this really happened or if I'm making it up in my head, and It's starting to overwhelm me. Please take this seriously and give me serious advice, I honestly don't know what to do.
So I live outside the United States in an East Asian country. I married a native girl, and we both live and work here. Ive  lived here over ten years, but I don't know a lot of people. My wife has always been troubled by her past and traumatic events during childhood. Now, four years into our marriage, I have been verbally abused, humiliated, hit by a car (she was driving drunk), stabbed with scissors (she was in a rage), forced to stop her from repeated self harm, cleaned up blood and shattered glass from the floor numerous times. Last night, she tried to jump off a balcony, but when I "saved" her, she freely began to verbally abuse and humiliate me. This morning, something clicked inside me, that I need to leave. How did I let this go on for four years? How did I rationalise everything along the way? I have nightmares, constant anxiety, and sometimes deep anger. I never said anything because of the stigma regarding mental health issues here, because no one here will take a male victim's voice seriously, and because I really had nothing but her and my job. I signed up for reddit to post because I need direction and an ear, but have no one else to turn to. What comes next?
My 17 year old best friend that lives with me is getting beat by her boyfriend. What makes me extremely sad is she's not affected by it at all. She's been through so much already and I know she doesn't deserve this. I had to find out from another friend of mine that she had bruises all over her. I asked her what was going on and she said nothing and then I saw her and she looked so bad he choked her , picked her up and dropped her 5 ducking times after she had to go meet her counselor about getting a new car. He's so psycho I really don't understand how could she go back to him!? I told my grandma about this and she already knew! I sat and talked to her counselor about this and she didn't seem to really care she was making jokes about it!!!! I told my friend not to go with him and she lied and went with him I caught them at the library she then told me to mind my own business, not to speak to her anymore and I'm supposed to be a good friend and blah blah blah but if it weren't for me she wouldn't have a home! I am the only one of her "friends" that offered her to stay in our home and gave her a family and it hurts for her to say shit like that. I've always been there for her always was there to hear her out make sure she's feeling OK and to tell me when stuffs bothering her but she's never done that for me! I went through some shit and she was never there for me. I've almost killed myself 3 fucking times and she never tried to help me feel better! I don't understand what did I do? I'm worried about her but for what if she's telling me not to speak to her again . I feel like I should just worry about myself and let her find out on her own but I care way too much I give a shit about her even though she doesn't care about me !
So, this is obviously a throwaway but I was hoping to get some help here. My depression fluctuates, and I'm feeling it today. This is all due to my father. I'll start by giving you some background information. I'm an Army brat, so you can probably guess that he was stern. However, I've always wanted a second opinion on if his behaviors have gone too far. I've struggled with depression since 7th grade - mostly due to how many times my family has had to move. The big misunderstanding that people not involved in this lifestyle have is that moving gets easier the more you do it. **WRONG**. Up until 7th grade I made all A's and was even in gifted classes. Then we moved the summer going into 7th grade. This move was different. This was the first time I experienced real depression. When middle school started my grades slipped, terribly, and I was subjected to what I thought was abuse. I made friends, got some stability, and in 8th and 9th grade I was academically back to A's & B's. **Then we moved again**. My sophomore and and half of my junior year of high school was terrible academically due to depression. The cycle came back around, though. I made friends, got some stability, and 2nd semester junior year/senior year my grades picked up. They picked up just enough to get into college. That made my parents happy, so I went. This didn't make me happy, I wanted to learn a trade. I went for 2 years and then decided to stop to pursue a trade. This did not make them happy. Eventually having to move back in with my parents. **I've gone off on this tangent for background, and to tell you about the man I'm living with now**. So, I have **3 BIG memories** of my dad. **The first**: 7th grade when my academics started to slip. He got a call from my teacher telling him about my situation. I was standing on about the 5th stair of our house. He starts yelling and swearing at me. He then proceeds to grab me by the collar of my shirt and yank me down the stairs onto the ground. I'm trembling in fear. He's standing over me screaming. Abuse? **The second**: Sophomore year when my academics started to slip. Again, he gets a call. I'm sitting at the kitchen table and he comes storming in, yelling of course. I'm trembling again. He begins to knock on my head, hard (as if it was a door) repeatedly asking, "Is anybody in there?" Abuse? **The third**: Senior year I didn't want to apply to a school that he wanted me to attend. I left the house to catch up with some friends. I get back to the house and ALL of my clothes and most of my possessions are by the street in the snow. Abuse? There are many more incidents but these are the 3 that stick out in my mind the most...Now, this man feeds me and takes care of me so I can't help but feel like an asshole for resenting him. He isn't physical anymore, but verbally he likes to patronize and condemn. I'm writing because today I was called an "idiot", "lazy", and "immature". He also used his favorite phrase, "You're so smart!". I can't understand the "lazy" because I keep my room and bathroom impeccable. I run errands for my mom. I help out around the house (do the dishes, pick up the living room, dining room, etc.) I can't understand the "immature" because I try to be all business while interacting with him. He's called me these 3 words throughout my life, so maybe he's right? I'm 22 and living at home, working 2 jobs to save up for a car (my car got totaled in an accident that left me injured for 2 months), and I feel worthless around this man. I usually just escape to my room after dinner to cut out interaction. Am I wrong? It makes me sad that I have this type of relationship with my own father. My best friend has an awesome relationship with his dad, on the surface at least. It makes me envious. I don't even like talking around my dad to be honest. Is it normal for me to feel like this? **If anyone has any questions, I'll answer in depth**. Thank you all for reading.EDIT: any insight would really help...**I also have a Christmas memory from when I was about 7-8 years old. I forgot the exact situation, but he spanked me so hard with the belt, repeatedly, that my entire butt was left with bruises for about a week.**
So ever since i was a kid i've lived in a very "open" household. My father was raised almost the same way i've been raised my whole life, but i would say he got it worse than what he inflicts on me. When he was growing up he got beat on a daily, hit with bats/sticks, and just being abused. Now here's where i come in. All of my life i've been HATING living with this psychopath, and only just recently has it gotten worse. I'm 18 now, and i would say since i was 15 it only then started getting progressively worse. He SCREAMS at my face, and in the process spits on my face, just for staying home sick ONE day from school. Yes that was today, and it got to a point where i felt like i just want to die, i honestly don't see any point in living. INFACT, my OWN mother told me "Go ahead", after i told her i wanted to kill myself....That was a test to see how they felt, but i already knew the outcome. As of right now, as i'm typing this, i feel like i wanna puke, i have a mild headache, and my neck is bleeding/Burning from my dad PHYSICALLY abusing me. I could go ON and ON how they mentally abuse me, but it would take too long. This is my cry for help. Please someone, help...I'm on my last edge.
so i guess you could say it started when i was around 5 or 6, my brother would make me sit with him under a blanket during movie nights with my family and he would touch me, i dont know when it started but i know ive never come forward about it, but it happened to my sister too. she told my mom a few years ago,there was an investigation by child services but i kept quiet, i dont know why i havent told anyone, i dont know why i didnt back then but i feel like its my fault, like if i say anything theyll hate me. my sister has forgiven our brother who is now 25, she is 23. im only 16 and i dont know if ill ever come forward but for me, just writing this is a weight off my chest, and to anyone who is dealing with something like this, i hope you can talk to someone about it soon. you are welcome to talk to me anytime.
I'm in university and my parents are helping me pay, in a few years I'd like to go to law school. I've worked really hard to keep my grades high, and got into co-op so that I can save up and be completely independent by the time I hit law school. I didn't always know my mom was abusive, but I eventually realized that most moms didn't slap their children across the face, or kick them out of the house with no shoes in the middle of a snow blizzard. Stupid as it may sound, the physical abuse is nothing compared to what my mom says to me, or the fact that my dad will look away when it happens. I go to sleep some nights having auditory hallucinations of her screaming at me. Today I broke. I dunno what lead up to it. I need help. I don't have money, my current co-op pays 25/hour. I have no car to get there, no place to live, but I need to leave. My parents are wealthy, but I will likely get cut off once I leave. Nothing is more important to me than my school. How can I leave my parents and still finance /save up. I have a scholarship but I live in Canada so as you can imagine it's not much. All my money I have saved up in these past 5 years is being invested in a portfolio under my parents' names. 
I'm going to go off the assumption that platonic abuse is valid here as well.My friend has been friends with R ever since middle school. He used to be a very kind, understanding creative boy. They were best friends.This changed when he got to Highschool.He immediately got into one of the worst relationships I've ever seen with a girl I'll call B. B and R were constantly at eachothers throats. She forbid him from talking to girls (threatened to kill my friend) and needed to know where he was at all times, and R returned the favor, constantly going through her phone and bag and blowing up when she so much as looked at a guy. They were constantly fighting.My friend has suffered emotional trauma since she was little, and has extreme anxiety and horrible depression. She used to run to R for help and he used to care so much about her. That doesn't happen anymore.She'll basically say "Hey I'm having an episode and I'd relay appreciate if you'd keep me company" and he'll turn around and go "You're so selfish. You always come to me to bitch about shit." This happens consistently.After R broke up with B his stupid dick got lonely or something so he started making my friend send pics and cyber with him. From what I know they never actually fucked, but he at least got to 1st base.We've been telling her that he was emotionally abusing her for years. I barely personally know the guy but she said when she looked up qualities of emotional abuse she said he did literally everything on the list. She admitted to herself that he was abusive.She was doing really well for a month or two with cutting off contact from him. Then all of a sudden this stupid asshole rears his head and basically says "I'm sorry about what I did" and she drops everything and runs back to him. For the 3rd time.I told her that she is literally stuck in a cycle of abuse, the same one that was drilled into our soft little heads in the 9th grade, and she says "I know. I'm not strong enough to leave him."She loves him for what he used to be, not what he is. I don't care if he's acting this way because his ex was shit, I want her away from him. She deserves to be happy and doesn't feel comfortable talking about her feelings to anyone but him. He shows no sign of changing ever and it's not fair to her. He's in most of her classes and she bows down to every word he says. He doesn't care anymore, but she's holding on hoping that one day he'll revert back and care again.I want to help her so much. I'd fight him but he's on the football team and I'd lose in an instant. Also, everyone loves him because he's really charismatic so I can't spread shit about him.What can I do to help her cut him off? What can I say? 
I'm intentionally making this a little vague, but I will answer questions if I can.I was in a sexual relationship with a high school teacher for many years when I was his student, and it was a horrible thing for me. He had me keep everything secret from friends and family for years while he enjoyed adulation and acceptance from people in our small area. When I was an older teenager the psychological consequences grew too great (horrible eating disorder, depression, anxiety, and ptsd symptoms) and I finally told my mother and some friends. The relationship ended at around the same time. There was a court case which he was able to keep from going forward, though there was a grand jury judgement against him. He paid a very large sum of hush money to me ultimately, and I took it because at that point the legal system had failed me. I moved away for several years.I moved back home fairly recently. I've been aware of his activities in the community. He is teaching...but not in a school with minors anymore, though initially that's what he was doing when I moved back. And he got married to someone about my age (much younger than he). Because of my current social circle I think it is likely I will at some point meet his new wife. There are mutual acquaintances. If his wife leaves him over things she hears about his history, that would be good for her. However, I feel afraid. This man is a narcissist and I don't know how far he would go to preserve his lifestyle. He has a lot of money. He can't move away from the area because he's neurotic and obsessive and wouldn't be able to function away from his home turf. I plan to continue going to community functions where I may ultimately meet her. I may run into him. After years of therapy, this still terrifies me, but I'm managing better. But I'm afraid it isn't over.Does anyone have any insight into how a narcissist behaves when they're bubble is burst? I think the worst case scenario is he becomes homicidal. I'm unsure what to do.TLDR How do I proceed living my life when my abuser of many years is in my community and his wife is involved in projects that involve my friends? He is a narcissist and an obsessive with a lot of money. Am I right to be scared of him?
Hello reddit. I am an 18y old male who is currently trying to leave an abusive household. I want no contact with my parents or siblings and I want to know how to keep them from tracking me down and finding me again because I genuinely worry for mine and my girlfriends safety. Note I cannot leave the state at the moment because of employment and low income.
Hi everyone,I'm not a lurker on this thread but I figured this would be the best place to post this question that I have about this guy I met on Bumble. Despite the image that he gives off (he's a bodybuilder with intimidating tattoos), he's well-read, caring and humble..which convinced me to go on a date with him.During our first date, he mentioned that in the past he was in an abusive relationship for 4 years. He continued that the relationship shouldn't have happened and that he eventually ended things with her. While I thought it was oversharing, especially for a first date, I went along with it. No where did he specify who was the abuser/abusee and what kind of abuse it was. We've been seeing each other for a month now and everything's going well. He texts me throughout the day, so much so that he's probably the first person I text when I wake up and the last before I sleep. The past couple times of hanging out, we've ended up back at his place cuddling and doing other things (not intercourse). Based on how treats me, he's really won me over.While I'm very attracted to him and genuinely enjoy spending time with him, I can't help but wonder about his past relationship as he never went into detail. Now I'm left wondering because I recognize that things are getting increasingly intimate and I'm starting to really like him. As there is a chance that we might have sex this weekend, I really want to get this off my chest, I don't want to involve myself with someone who could potentially be abusive.Is it right for me to ask him about his past relationship? I know it's technically none of my business as we've only been going out for a month, but I think I would be doing myself a disservice by not asking for clarification.In addition, he's also said/done some things that, while I wouldn't consider them red flags, adds to my concern about him? He's..- mentioned twice that he's raised his voice when with clients (he is in sales)- threatened to kick his clients out of his workplace- wrapped his hands around my neck while cuddling..I wouldn't think much of it had it been any other guy wrapping his hands around my neck. But when he did, it really got to me in that, if anything were to happen, I'd be helpless (I'm 5'3", 120 lbs and he's 6'1, 240lbs). It wasn't forceful or anything, but his hand placement sort of freaked me out (typically I would be turned on).What do you all think? Should I talk to him about my concerns? I've asked my friends for advice and thoughts, but they all doubt it. Their reasoning is, if he is the abuser why would he bring it up on the first date. I understand that it's not that simple, abusers are manipulative and smart..since then, I've read up on articles on abusive relationships and while everything has been going well and I'm trying to take him at face value, I'd be lying if I said it's not a lingering thought in the back of my head. I'd like to apologise in advance if this is the inappropriate subreddit for my post. Some advice or insight would be appreciated!Thank you.
I've been taking Tramadol for about 2-3 years, lately it's been getting to the point that it makes me pure SICK. I can get anything from terrible headaches, to actually throwing up. Ultram just gives me this overall terrible feeling, and it never really helps too much with pain anyways. I've been abusing them from the start, since my doctors had taken away REAL opiates like Percocet and Vicodin (sadface) .. I don't know what my problem is, I just pop them without any real reason - guess I'm just chasing the feeling oxycodone gave me? I'm to the point now where I can take 450mgs at once, but lately I've been slacking down since I feel like I'm getting pretty "addicted" to them. Maybe this is just "withdrawal" symptoms? They say Tramadol isn't supposed to be addictive.. Bullshit I say. While taking really high amounts at once, (450mgs) I eventually get to the point where I nod out - I'll be so sleepy that it's extremely hard to keep awake and I find myself falling asleep for short periods of time, I'd say anywhere from 3-5 minutes before I jolt back awake while surfing the interwebs or watching TV. When I finally sleep ... I SLEEP. I'll sleep for hours upon hours, no dreams and I barely move. I've not suffered any seizures from Ultram, thank God, but my chest does hurt pretty bad at some points; usually when I've been without it for a few days. It'll be sort of hard to take deeper breaths, I've researched "respiratory depression," and I don't have any of those EXACT symptoms.. BUT there is slow and shallow breathing along with "excessive daytime fatigue." I do have problems with anxiety, but I also have major depression and OCD, so I'm assuming it's not exactly related to respiratory depression?? Maybe, maybe not. I'm weak, but I'm currently recovering from MAS Syndrome in which I was on life support for 11 days with 3 chemotherapy treatments to rid myself of that disease. Confusion? That's 24/7 on my part, so I don't think it has anything to do with my breathing, lmao..I'm ALWAYS agitated, with or without Ultram and have a fast heart rate - but again there's another "medical" reason for that. I have tachycardia, it could be brought on by MAS itself, but I've reached 140bpm while just SITTING.. God forbid I actually get up and walk a small distance. There's no problems with my bowel movements, I use the bathroom regularly.. if not too much, no diarrhea though. For some reason my stomach has been sore to the touch, and hurting pretty bad on the inside. I recently just recovered from pancreatitis as well, so could that be a reason for belly pain? It's been 3-4 months ago, but I heard it CAN come back. I DON'T have chronic pancreatitis, only one case of an ACUTE outbreak. Any ideas? YES, I know I need to QUIT this abuse.. It's not good for me at all, I know. Yada-Yada ----
Over the past few years I have had the ongrowing suspicion that what my parents do (and my mom does this more then my dad) is abuse, but not as extreme as some stories. My parents used to spank me when I was little, and this is legal afaik as it falls under corporal punishment. Then it grew into hitting, and slapping. My mother would get into a rage over me playing videogames, and very vulgar words were thrown at me and my younger siblings. Nothing left a mark (Atleast one that I noticed or one others noticed but didn't tell me), but it would come and go really quick. There was also the emotianal part, like threatining birthdays going away or going to friend's bar mitzvahs (my family is catholic by the way). A couple minutes ago it really got bad and I caught this on video, then transcoded to audio for a smaller file size. I am sitting at my desk, across the medium size house up stairs. My brother is hit multiple times and cussed at repeatably. [Link](https://instaud.io/private/f64c0bed48fc4bc7d09e7ef525ff083817c63848)I want to know is this abuse, and what course of action should be taken. A couple weeks ago I sent them an email linking to an abuse help page as a message, and got an apology letter with an inspirational magnet. It continued a few nights later.
Hey everyone. A woman I work with is constantly being beaten by her boyfriend. Last week he beat her up in the car park of our work. The police came but she refused to press charges and even though the man is on probation all that happened is he was sent on a domestic violence course. Which he's done several times before and clearly doesn't work. We have all tried several times to talk to her about doing something about it but she alternates between appearing too scared to do anything and getting angry at us for getting involved. Basically we're all worried she's going to end up dead. Is there anything we can do within the legal system (UK) to get this man put in jail?
[Treatment For Addiction Withdrawal](http://drug-alcohol-addiction-recovery.com)Recovering from an addiction to drugs and substances such as alcohol often requires devotion, commitment, and persistence. One of the most difficult stages of recovering from drug addiction is the detoxification stage.
I can only orgasm if I have porn to distract me. It's just easier for me to focus on it. I was unable to orgasm despite getting close for years before I started watching porn. I'm not desensitized from it, but I'm still gonna stop watching it and focus on overcoming this. Anyone have any tips to fix this?
I tried to kill myself last month and survived an overdose. I felt incredibly stupid. I seem to not be able to get over the reason why I feel the way that I do as I watch my friends and family distantly move on and progress and I try my hardest to not harm myself. I'm not a very secretive person, I just hesitate when telling people my situation. I'm 20 years old and still afraid of my abusive, religious mother. People think I don't compromise enough for her or I haven't really tried to make things work and take control of my life. I'm truly just hindering myself in life. It frustrates me a lot. For four and a half years until now, I've been socially isolated and manipulated by my mother. Whenever I rebelled, I was beaten, threatened, or physically forced to stay in my room. I was studying in university (currently on break) while she was doing all of this and more - destroying my documents, throwing away my clothes, kicking me out during exam week, speaking for me, hiding my ID's to prevent me from getting a job. All under the guise that she cared for me - as many family members would say. I tried getting my closest friends involved - but you could only do that for so long. It helped for a little bit as my mom started to see how she was treating me was harmful.I wanted to fully move on and focus on my education so I got a job and saved enough to pick some roommates and a spot in the city. Once I signed the lease and told my mother that I will be focusing on school, she turned on me. She pushed me down and started pinching hard at my inner thighs. I pushed her off and ran to my room. I started getting treated more harshly than ever. She would exclaim that I deserved to die, go to hell, typical religious shit. I guess the "you're so useless" comments were the ones that got to me the most. After family members reached out to me, they all said that I just needed to make my mom happy. I left the lease quite early, with no issues and almost no regrets. I honestly felt pressured to do so. She was happy and she promised to help me live the way I wanted to. Of course, she was just saying that. She did not permit anything I wanted, no more how minimal and I did not feel like arguing or doing it all on my own (as she would destroy it or throw my belongings away). I stayed home and did not talk to anyone, as she wanted and it made me feel safe because I knew she wouldn't hurt me as long as I stayed home. My depression worsened and I knew I couldn't go back to school if my mindset and feelings were still the same so I decided to take a break. I'm planning to save some money and try to get away, only this time a lot more secretive and planned out. It's difficult because I like to be honest and direct but I only do not like upsetting my mother. Because of my actions and the things I want for myself, her blood pressure and fainting spells get so bad. She even broke down a door just because I wanted to be alone/away from her and blamed me for the "cut" she got. I think it is best that I get away from her completely, not just for me but for her as well. I seem to trigger a lot of memories of her own abusive mother and I do not want to be apart of the cycle. My body is already taking the fall (the cysts coming from stress, I can't sleep etc), I have lost my love for school and my contact with friends. Sometimes I feel like my abuse never really happened and I am just overreacting because every professional adult I seem to tell this too tells me to stay with her? Why can't I just heal first?
I have been browsing this sub and decided I wanted to post some red flags of manipulative and abusive behaviour. I am aware there are other posts similar to this one but the topic needs to be vocalized more frequently! http://psychcentral.com/blog/archives/2013/02/20/signs-of-emotional-abuse/http://narcissistsupport.com/narcissists-top-manipulation-techniques/Slander is also a form of manipulation. It should not me taken lightly or tolerated.If you see any behaviour like the ones listed above, they should not be tolerated. The best thing you can do for yourself is get out of the relationship, create a network of trusted and loving people and seek council. This may not be easy, or even wanted, but, it is necessary!  
Some of you are like me.  You know why you can't get out *now*.  Either others don't support you because they don't understand, or they think you deserve your current relationship (or worse, they support your partner for their abuse).  I wrote [three ways I made it through an abusive relationship](https://steemit.com/relationships/@ilovefashion/3-ways-i-survived-an-abusive-relationship) and feeling trapped is the worst feeling in the world.  I found ways to feel free in a very tight situation.  I'm excited to be free, but saddened that others still experience abuse.
Talking to him on a Teamspeak server right now. He says his parents don't leave marks so he has no tangible proof. His beatings are arbitrary so he can't really plan ahead. How can he help himself?
So, my parents make me wash THEIR clothes. And mine and my siblings. I do all the dishes, all the household chores, mow the lawn, shovel the driveway, everything. And still manage to have really good grades, except history and geography. Anyway, I finish all the chores and sit down to have some me time, which is rare and doesn't happen often. I've been sitting in said chair for about a minute and they come and yell at me for sitting on my lazy ass doing nothing and about how my entire generation is a bunch of worthless lazy pricks. My dad always comes home and yells at me for not having the water jug filled, when there's a gallon and a half still in the fridge. And he yells at me all the time for my mom calling to yell at him because I decided not to go to that dumb bitches house. (One of the many reasons why is detailed in an earlier post.) And this has never happened before, but this morning I poked myself in the eye in a downward motion while putting on my binder and forgetting about my arm, but I digress. So I told him it hurt and I couldn't open my eyes or blink because the other eye moved and caused me pain. He didn't seem to care, and I had to call my stepmom while at school and wait for her to finish work to take me to a doctor. When I got home my dad was mad at me for being an expensive burden because I hurt myself all the time. He has slapped me a couple times, but I'm pretty sure that's normal for any parent, Right? I just reread that sentence and really hope I'm right, because that should NOT be my line of thinking. There's a lot more, if anyone needs to know. I just can't be bhothered to type it all out right now.
So today before class I was sitting on the floor playing Pokemon go. My friend and my ex girlfriend that I still really like were in there. My ex was pushing her friends bag with her foot and I said in a playful way well that's rude. I then reached over and untied her shoelace, note this is how I'm playful and mess around with my friend. She got angry and smacked my on the head. I pulled away rubbing my head and glared at her. I reached forward again to tie her shoelace and she smacked me several more times. I got up and let the walking to my class.I am very upset with her and giving her the silent treatment right now. I do still like her and wanted to get back with her but at this point I am not sure. She has hit me a few times while we were dating but it was nothing serious. Please help me.

Heya, recently I posted a threat about my parents abusing me and turns out that my mom is really the abuser. I had enough and wanting to go back to the USA to live with my grandmother. I will be planning to leave Christmas or somewhere around that because I do not want to live with her anymore. She is really THAT bad and I need help. Basically, I live in South Korea and I am 16 years old. I would probably require a permission slip so I can leave with my parents knowing and such BUT does my mom have to sign it also? My dad agrees that I should go so I won't get abused more. If I do require both parental signs, I think I cannot go to the USA since my mom will not let me go and she would continue to abuse me. She doesn't love me so that she can keep me, she would not sign it so she can use me as a punching bag, a tool to let her anger spread on me, ETC. I seriously don't want to live with her any longer with all the abuse she has done to me. So, TLDR: Does it require 2 parental signs to leave South Korea and go to USA? (It would take around 3-4 plane rides to reach my destination)

I'm in college, my sister is in middle school. She's stolen money in the recent past until I opened a bank account and didn't have physical money in my room (it was not out in the open but that shouldn't matter because she shouldn't be going in my room and taking things that aren't hers). She often acts like my mother. She will scold me for being emotional and angry at things. She tells her friends that I'm such a huge nerd, teases me (not in a nice way) about my interest in children's animation. She's had two boyfriends, and I've never even dated, and she in general has more social skills than me, so I know she's right when she scolds me and teases me about my weird interests. I know the way I act is not socially acceptable. I've talked about this with Mom, and she says that my sister is just immature and it's just a phase. We've been distant ever since she was old enough to resent being babysat, and my parents recently divorced and my emotionally abusive father shares custody with her (there's no doubt that he's abusive). My sister and I don't hang out much. She spends most of her time with friends or in her room. In general we have a volatile relationship and I'm afraid to talk to her. Should I do something, or just wait it out and see if she grows up?
First of all thank you for reading this. So I’m gonna turn 15 in 3 weeks.I have excellent grades. Actually I have the third best mark in my high school (out of a thousand student). I am a male.My mom don’t work but she makes as much money as my dad. (very complicated but all legal) We are average compared to the US but definitely in the 90th percentile in my country. (Morocco) Still we sometimes have trouble with money... So she always argue with my dad (he is very cool btw) when it comes to money. And she creates problem for futile stuff. When one of us act clumsy (break a glass for instance) she becomes mad as fuck and start yelling and when me or my sister to just ask why is she mad she starts insulting or sometimes even hitting us and then she expect us to ask for excuses and if we dare to refuse she will tease us and refuse to fulfill her obligations as a mom and when we do ask her for excuses she continue yelling at us and we are expected not to answer or even just ask. When she attacks us we are expected not to even block her attacks and if we do so (especially me) she brings weapons and threaten us with them. Once she tried to kick me and i just blocked it she felt and cried and she told every one that I am a monster because I attack my own mom. I can recall running and hiding in the toilet because she was running after me with a big knife. Once she was hunting me and I took my dad's sword to defend my self because I was stuck with nowhere to go. Once she emptied a bottle of Pepsi on me in a restaurant because I told her not to shout at me. Once she found on my search history "emergency call morocco" and she started laughing at me because i looked pathetic. Once she tore my notebook because i tore a page and then she started yelling at me. Once she was driving her car and told me that she would do an accident to kill me. When I get angry she tells me something like (if you continue shouting one of us will go to a grave and the other to a a jail) I could continue for days writing this but I guess I'm gonna stop here. Note that I don't have the right to call the police in Morocco if I am  not injured physically because the police will more likely do what she tell them because in Morocco what she does is pretty normal for the majority of Moroccans. One month ago me and my sister decided to do a "revolution" and we kept insulting her back and stuff but she told us she will fly to Spain and divorce with dad and our "revolution" finished in a week with nonetheless some effects on mom. After the revolution my dad reconciled us and we were pretty calm for a month but the problems re-began few days ago and now I am angry to death because of her. Am I abused or there is just a problem? I already tried to speak with her but she tells me stuff like "It's the parents that raises the children not the opposite" or "If you don't like me the way I am don't talk to me ever"... I remember when i was a kid we didn't have problems what happened to my mom ? Is she right about the fact that I shouldn't talk back to her ? Please answer me ! And if you have kids please don't act like her. Thank you for reading. And sorry for any mistake, English is my third language.
I'm sorry, I don't know where else to ask this. I noticed someone, not the parents, but someone close, holding, picking up, and putting down a child(1-3 years old) with one hand on the child's back or under the child's arm and the other hand between the child's legs. Sometimes even the person's palm is on the child's butt and their fingers coming around the front. It's bothering me just typing this out. One time the person was holding the child in the way I just described and tickling them. The child was clearly uncomfortable and was screaming until the person let them go. This is while other people are in the room. They even have the child in their lap with the child's legs in between the person's legs and the person crosses their legs around the child's so the child can't get away(it looks like it's in a joking manner).  I'm so confused. Is it ever necessary to hold a child this way? The only way I have known to pick a child up is one hand underneath each arm or forearm under their legs.I am having trouble understanding if this is a normal and appropriate way of handling a toddler. I don't see anyone else handling a child like this. The reason why I am confused is because this occurs when there are many other people around, so the person holding them in this way is not trying to hide it I don't think.Should I be concerned? Is this inappropriate? I feel like I am the only one seeing this. If it is inappropriate, how do I go about notifying someone? Should I tell the parent, someone close to me who I can trust to try and figure out if what I am actually seeing is happening, or just inform a hotline and give them any information I have? Last option would probably destroy their family, but the child's safety is the priority here. I considered anonymously notifying the parent or someone else first to watch and see if they see what I am seeing.
Hey. 1st post.  I 31M am in the process of leaving ( still planning)  my wife (32F).   She's a classic emotional/verbal abuser who favors the silent treatment, withholding affection, sarcasm, lecturing, and stonewalling among others.  She's the product of an abusive mother herself but has failed to break the cycle, and I've lost all hope for her ever changing.  She's also incredibly sweet the other half of the time which is why it took me this long and why I've silently been crying myself to sleep every other night at the thought of leaving her.I'm working on the financial and legal hurdles.  What do I need to do to repair the emotional damage and keep from getting snared again?  Thank you.
She never listens to meI always have to be wrongI have ADHD and autism My "mom" is a where of this butShe still abuses me for it And on top of that I'm losing my hair because of stressAnd I'm home schooled I suffer from depressionI'm only 13 and I already wanna kill myself Just 6 months ago she abused me over not being on school Cause I was taking a break.
I was in a counseling type class and we watched a video on a summer camp that ran from the 80's - early 2000's and the camp leader was Jerry Moe.  As a victim of sexual abuse myself there was way too many signs that he could be possibly using his role to take advantage of vulnerable and already worn down kids from 6-12 or so years old.  Curious if anyone has any stories, good or bad, if they attended the camp.  I understand I might have a pre-conceived bias as a result of my past.Thanks!
Hi,  I'm 15 years old and I'm a guy, my dad is 42, he works hard and is put through a lot of stress. But for years he's been very irritable and sometimes even violent, but not to the point of putting bruises on me. I've lived with my dad all my life and when I was 11, my parents had a divorce, I can still remember the whole thing like it was literally yesterday. But I remember one day when I was about 7 or 8 years old, my dad got angry at the family cat so he put it in the basement. I heard her meowing so I let her out, he got angry and threw her in my older sisters room. Then my other sister took her out of the room. My dad came to ask me if I let the cat out of my sisters room. I said no but I let her out of the basement. Then he gritted his teeth and said "don't f**king lie to me." Then he punched me in the stomach, I started crying so he told me to shut up, hitting me again. That was a pretty scarring memory. So, fast forward a few years to when I was 12, my grades started getting low in school because I was just wanting to hang out with my friends more. That whole year my dad lost his mind, but never hit me. He would always yell at me, he'd call me selfish, called me a b**ch many times, and said that I'm dumb because I can't do basic 6th grade math. That's when things really took a turn. Fast forward 2 years and from everything he's said to me, my self-esteem was at an all time low, I did absolutely terrible in school, and I was overall falling apart as a person. It only angered my dad more. My sister who is one year older than me goes to the same school as me, but my dad never blows up when she's around. It's like he doesn't want her too see him for what her really is. Anyways, one morning I was getting ready to go to school, I'm sitting the the car with my dad, waiting on my sister to finish getting ready. As always, she takes forever and I made the horrible mistake of sitting next to my dad in the car. He got extremely angry, and did the usual "angry face" where he grits his teeth really hard and has a frown that almost strains his face. He then gets extremely close to my face, only a few inches away, and says "you are such a selfish, stupid piece of s***t, I swear to God one of these days I'm gonna leave you bleeding on the floor with a broken nose and end up in prison." I said nothing, did nothing, absolutely nothing the while time I was in the car with him. And he still loses it. My sister finally gets in and he says to her "don't leave me in here with your brother for that long, I almost killed him." She said nothing either. Things like this have been happening for the past 7 years and I'm fed up with it. I'm trying to move in with my mom but he keeps saying no, and he's denying that he did or said anything in the past to hurt me, he is a liar and everyone believes him. My moms going to get an apartment in my school district and take this to court. But want to ask all of you, do you think this is abuse? 
Up to college, I lived alone with my parents, isolated from other children of my age, in the middle of a state park.  No neighbors for miles.  Just woods and our long, winding driveway.  I was homeschooled with no access to the internet until I was thirteen.  But I've consistently kept a diary since I was six, and what I've written still haunts me.It kills me to read how nonchalantly I recount my mother throwing books and shoes at me and chasing me down the hallway until she caught up to me and dug her nails into my arms.  It sickens me to this day that I found nothing wrong about those raised handprints on my arms.  My father would hold me down and cover my mouth so I couldn't breathe.  So I couldn't scream.  (Screaming, I finally realized, was completely useless because we had no neighbors).  If I stayed up late at night reading by my nightlight, he would barge into the room, drag me out of my bed by my arm or leg, drag me down the hall, lift me into the air and drop me.   I'd blackout, breathless, too scared to sleep.  On two occasions he dragged me across a house we were renting and threw me down the concrete steps.After my father left for work, my mother would try to run away and I'd have to stop her by jumping out in front of her car.  When my mother would leave the house, my father would make me stand for hours until I understood an algebra problem, step on my toes if I got the wrong answer, or hit me and call me names.  Always the name calling and belittling of my achievements.  Once I tried to use the phone and my father hit my hands so hard.  My father sometimes made me hit myself until he deemed my self-inflicted pain enough.  Perhaps that is why I started cutting and developed an eating disorder.I am now, for the most part, away from that environment.  It took me a long time at college to not feel afraid of laughing at funny shows, crossing the road, or ordering what I wanted at a restaurant... I am finally able to sing along to songs I found myself that I enjoy.  I've made friends.  I'd never had friends until college.  I've learned to move on, for the most part, or at least cope with my past on my own since I haven't been able to see a therapist.  (I was afraid of seeing a therapist in college since I didn't want my parents finding out I had gone.  My parents also contacted the campus police to check on me so they would know who I was hanging out with, and they also bugged my phone and computer.)  However, what troubles me is that having recently discovered sex, I've realized that I enjoy the more kinky side... I seem to get off on pain.  My reasoning is that I've learned to find pleasure in pain because I never had a choice in my past. What do you think?
What is the easiest and simplest way to commit suicide? I have no other options so pls tell me.Thx in advance.
5 and a half years ago I was at a party with some work friends that I really enjoyed being with. There was one guy in particular that I clicked with, but it's mostly because we could talk about anything. Well after smoking pot and drinking I was on he verge of passing out. This guy and I layer on the couch together and I was gonna go to sleep. Well not too long after I could tell he was started to feel around on me. I was so embarrassed that I just pretended to be asleep. He put his hands in my pants and I just kept quiet. Eventually he just gave up. Well at the next party we were all drunk and high again and ready to go to sleep. He wanted me to lay with him and I did. He started feeling me up again and we started making out. Well without asking me he started having sex with me. He didn't ask and I didn't want to, but I still didn't say anything. I was too scared. I eventually pretended to get into it because he was already having sex with me and I would've felt awkward lying there. I am so ashamed. I now have a five year old daughter as a result and I've just stared thinking of it this way. He has never been involved and I've never given the details of how it happened. I just want to know is this considered some sort of rape or what. I didn't consent, but I didn't stop it. I'm just so ashamed and I need to know what happened. My husband doesn't even know. The bad thing is is that this happened when I was dating my now husband at the time. I've just always admitted to cheating, but sometimes I wonder. I still know I cheated and will always own that, but there's still part of the story no one knows
Hi so this will probably be long and disorganized but I would really like some insight into this, or some advice if anyone else has been in a similar situation. Maybe I am just looking for validation since I think I'm going to tell my parents tomorrow, although I'm still not sure.I have a relative who I believe molested me when I was younger. I am 16 now and I would say the abuse most likely happened when I was around 4-8 but I honestly cannot say. The only concrete memories I have of him doing anything inappropriate was when he would "bench press" me and he would place one of his fingers directly on my genitals. Another is when I would sit on his lap and he would put his hand down the back of my pants, BUT my mom and grandma did this nonsexually and I think it was a weird cultural thing. It was still different when he did it though, it made me feel "dirty" and violated. He would often make me kiss or hug him by saying he would buy me candy and as a kid I always obliged even if it made me feel gross. He still tries to force me to hug him and since I basically tell him to fuck off he will just do it anyway or kiss me without my permission which makes me feel disgusting.There were other little weird things here and there like the fact he would lay on like 6 year old me when he was 300 pounds and force me down while he rubbed his beard on me. Not joking I fucking hated that. But it wasn't really sexual so I can't call it.I have two younger brothers, one who is 13 and another who is just an infant. When my 13 y/o brother was younger they would always "wrestle" on the bed which I never saw but it never sat well with young me. No one in my family raised an eyebrow though.The most recent thing that happened was this year when my 13 y/o brother was wearing just boxers (he does this around the house) and the relative was making fun of him saying he could see his balls and it was so funny he was gonna take a pic with his phone. WTF. He raised his phone like he was gonna do it until my brother and I both called him out on it but he kept playing it off as something funny and not serious. Yeah child pornography isn't serious. Ive always believed he molested me more so than I remember and it honestly feels like I have the memory but I can't access it for some reason. The flimsy evidence I have has made me never come forward with it but recently he has taken a liking to my youngest brother, the infant, and it makes me furious. I'm so fucked up from what (I presume) he did. I can't form relationships properly, have a fear of older men, and have a myriad of self destructive behaviors. And I still can't tell if anything REALLY happened or its just my imagination looking for attention or something.He is supposed to babysit my brother this Saturday and I told my mom I could do it but she refused. She always makes excuses for him (but I don't think she knows about the sexual abuse) so I am actually a little afraid she won't believe me but I know I would feel guilt if he did anything to my brother. Sorry for the length and I don't actually know what I'm looking for posting here. Encouragement? I'm honestly not sure, but if you read this and have any words I'd like to hear them. And writing this out was very relaxing. I've alwaus had dreams of people chasing me who wanted to rape me but I actually had a dream last night of taking him to court for molesting me which was completely different. I felt good when I woke up and that's what led me to take action.
My parents emotionally abuse each other and me and constantly demoralize me and they act like they are so perfect. Oh yeah btw my dad has also beaten up my mom. I've tried everything but no one takes me seriously cuz I'm 13
Yeah, have not much time since typing this on the phone. Basically I got 2 parents having a golden child (not me young bro) and everytime something bad happens my mom would yell at me and my dad. Well today my bro is getting a beating so bad it seems like abuse because be wouldnt get out of the car. I basically did nothing to my bro then my dad started kind of beating me in the car and telling me the grow up, take care if my bro, your moms insane, etc. I believe me and my bro cannot handle this nuch long l. Please help...need help
I moved from my mom's 3 years ago in with my dad. I thought it would be better. My mom was abusive , so I thought I was making a good choice. I was wrong. My dad is worse than my mom. He ruined my last job, broke my laptop I need for work, made people hate me who never met me, used my name in his conning of people, beat me for being lgbt, threatened my pets, made me lose my apartment, took all my savings, hurt my hip , chocked me.. more... My grandfather knows this and says I need to obey my dad. I'm 20..  I tried the cops, but they said I have no evidence... even with recordings..I live in a motel now. He hits my hip that already is hurt, hurting it more. Threatens he will kill himself or me when he has no cigarettes. He says it is my fault he has no family, no money.. .. He hates the government and says working is slavery, so I can't have a job... Him begging people for money is okay...He says he is a God and he should be respected. That I need a mental hospital for want I have done to him, but I can't go to a counselor.. He moved us into a motel so I have no privacy or if he is tired of me he can easily kick me out. He has no valid ID, he uses me to get money through Western Union or MoneyGram.This is all my fault and I know that.. I wish I wasn't here. I don't know what to do.
Right now I'm in contact with my enabling mother (step-dad is the Abusive one, mom's the Enabler and Narcissistic) still but only for a limited time, she does not know I am planning to go Very Little Contact with her in the future.She talked to me about planning a get-together with everyone else in the family at her house next week.  She wants every one to get together because two family members haven't seen my son at all, and he's nearing four months old.The rest of the family saw him once or twice, and quite a few has been asking to see him again (guess they just love babies!).  I don't mind if it's for that reason alone, but my abusive step-dad would be there and my husband and I are still pissed off.  My mom has told us that we have a right to be angry but we should just "get over it" by now and working on "fixing this".  She managed to beg my Step Father to let him relent on his stance that my husband is banned from his house.  My husband wouldn't have any of it, he told my mom flat out that he won't come, and that he doesn't care if he's doing it because he's angry -he just won't come.  My husband later told me that I can come to the gathering and take our son without him.The thing is, my mom wants it to be on us to turn the other cheek and "forgive and forget" because she's supposedly making progress with Step Dad and getting through to him.  According to her, step-dad hasn't had an outburst of anger since incident and he has mellowed down considerably.  Husband doesn't care, he refuses to show up unless my step-dad apologizes to him.  I told husband that my step-dad would never apologize for kicking us out in the streets, for abusing my brother and I for years, for being openly racist to my Husband, and threatening to kill my husband, my mother's family, my grandmother, my brother, and I over the years.I agree with my husband.  It shouldn't BE on us to forgive my step-dad and  look the other cheek and try AGAIN to be a family because he's finally getting "help, and trying slowly but surely".  My step-dad is a completely abusive monster.  He put me through so much grief, he was the reason why I ran away from home, he was the reason why I attempted suicide multiple times, he was the reason that single-handedly destroyed this family.  My mom's blinded by love for him because he treats HER like a princess, he has no problems with my mother.  Step-dad just hates everyone else and thinks that HE is the victim and we are the bullies.  Step-dad always denies his allegations that he wants to murder us, denies ever physically hurting my brother and I, denies that he's the reason for all my mental issues, basically.... he's innocent and we (the victims) are lying to him and making HIM the bully.  As if.I told my husband that I agree, and that if he's not going.  Neither will I, and neither will my son.  We will only go if it is at a public location or at someone else's house.  And my husband said that if my step-dad is there, that we will leave (ofcourse after we ate, no turning down free food after all!).  The thing is, I feel horrible for even thinking of not going.  It's one thing to ban my son from going to my mother's place.... it's quite another to refuse to go and mingle with the rest of my family who is 'innocent' in this and only want to see us.  I said 'innocent' in quotes because they KNOW the basics of the abuse that my brother and I suffered (not the whole story), they KNOW that my mom is having relationship problems because of him.... but they refuse to help because to them it's "not my circus, not my monkeys"... in other words, they have their own problems to deal with and concerning themselves with our immediate family would just invite drama to their lives so they don't bother.I get where they are coming from, but it makes me sick that they know about the abuse.  However, my mother did a great job lying through her teeth..... my extended family only knows the basics - that he's a difficult man to get along with, and to never get him drunk.  They don't know the horrors he put my brother and I through, just the surface of it.  So I can't 100% fault them for not sticking by my husband, my son, and I.  I'm pretty sure if they knew, they'd boycott step-dad and kick him out of everything regardless if my mother loves him.Should I even bother coming?  I want to go to see my extended family members because they love my son.  And also because in a few months, we'd be (hopefully) leaving.  My husband and I are planning to move out of this place and into the next place, we plan to NOT tell anyone where we live because it'd just get back to my mom.  I'll keep in contact with my mother over the phone, or visiting her instead of her coming over, until my grandmother passes away (grandma lives with mom), after grandmother dies... I'll never see or talk to my mother again (**IF** she's still with that monster and still forgives him), and my son would not know his grandmother, his grandfather (my Dad) and his step-grandfather (step-dad) ever.My husband and I spoke about this for several months and unfortunately we came to the conclusion that to prevent my mother from entering my life 100%, that I should cut ties with everyone in my family for my sake.  I'll only do that if they all refuse to not respect my desire of No Contact with my mother even despite me telling them the whole truth.  But that won't happen for awhile now.Any way, back to the question.  Should we bother going?  Or should we just bail and not go?
All day everyday my mom likes 2 yell at me that I do nothing & im useless, I'm just an average teen hang out, do dishes & go 2 school, but she likes 2 continually abuse me. I just feel like shit & wish I was dead.
Okay, so.Matt = new boyfriend.Craig = extremely abusive ex of 5+ years.Names have been changed obviously.I dated Craig for over 5 years, we went through drug addiction together and all of the horrible things that entailed it (mood swings, volatility, lying, etc on top of the more hardcore shit you sometimes get from drug addiction like prostitution, stealing, and just chaos in general). We were the most unhealthy relationship you could possibly imagine.Abuse was a massive part of that. He used to keep me trapped in a room for hours at a time, holding me down on the bed "for my own good" because "you're crazy, I'm just trying to help you, you don't remember it right at all, you were drunk, you are crazy; etc etc."Took me a long time to come to terms with the fact that everything he was saying wasn't true. That he was a liar, and *I couldn't trust him.*All of this background detail is for another day. Basically what I'm dealing with now, is my new boyfriend, Matt.I love him, he is wonderful and supportive and until about two days ago you could have told me the fuckin sun shone out of his ass and I would have been like "Well, obviously?"And the past few days have kind of brought me crashing back down to reality. Basically, there are some really concerning things about him that I now realize are absolute parallels to my ex boyfriend. The turning point was this:We were in the clothes shop the other day, and all of a sudden I hear this like ambient yelling coming from the shoes aisle after I came out of the dressing room."...CAN YOU JUST SHUT THE FUCK UP FOR ONE SECOND, JESUS FUCKING CHRIST, YOU ARE SUCH A BITCH!!"Uhhh wtf, some dick is screaming at his girlfriend in the shoe aisle. I can't handle this. I'm going outside.Walk outside fucking heated, and Matt comes out looking somber.Me: "Did you hear that fucking douchebag screaming at his gf inside?? I can't stand people like that, my god."Him: "....yupdatbeathrowaway, that was me. I was on the phone with [ex girlfriend who still owes him money so he still talks to her], she was saying all this awful shit to me."Cue whole perspective change. Holy shit. Is my beautiful new boyfriend who I am quickly falling in love with just like Craig? Am I fucking blinded to it by my feelings yet AGAIN??There are other stark parallels too.He has PTSD.He is financially unstable.He has a tendency to blame others.*I don't think that I can trust him.*Anyways, my phone is about to die. I will add more later but I don't want to lose this. It is freaking me out, to say the least. I can't deal with another Craig, it's like trying to pull up a dead weight from the water to keep it from drowning.
She's 17, and her brother is 11 or 12. When we were younger, I didn't think much of it, as he's actually really annoying at times (e.g. he'll randomly screech to annoy everyone, stand in front of the TV even tho everyone is telling him to move, which doesn't constitute abuse, of course.) But now that I think about it and think back on it, she'll often call him stupid and an idiot. Not like normal siblings would, but overtly do so. One time she purposely tripped him and he fell and I think hit his face on her dresser, and when she realized no one else found it funny, she got defensive and said it wasn't her fault and that her foot just had to move at that moment. She'd scream and scream at him, and he often cowers when she gets near him and instantly screams at her to "stop!" Maybe I'm over thinking it, but I think she's abusive to him and her mom really doesn't do anything because she's usually asleep (she has to wake up at 3 or 4 am for her job and gets home and promptly falls asleep.)
I just need advice on what to do. I've been sexually abused as a child from a sibling, and I'm still being emotionally abused by my father. He was a police officer for the longest and he's been emotionally abusing me since I was in grade school- calling the things I liked "junk", always telling me I needed to be better, mimicking me when I'm crying and how I talk, etc. And it's only been getting worse as I grew up. I have so many emotional abuse stories from him. My mom said he needed to get help, but he never did anything. Even getting help from police and hospitals didn't help my situation.I've been having extremely frequent abuse dreams about my dad, physical and emotional for about month now. It always feel like im cornered and no matter how I take things, like fighting back or just taking it, I lose and hurt either way.Today, trying to get something out of the fridge, my dad spilled my food on the ground. He called me from my room and he blamed the incident on me, and he told me to pick it up from the ground as he watched me throw it in the trash.I'm just numb right now. I've gone this cycle way too many times, especially with my boyfriend in which im in a long distance relationship with. It's so fucking stressful for him to deal with this shit on a basis, and sometimes shuts down from it. I don't know what to do. Just sucking it in and taking it is taking a huge toll. I'm trying my damnest not to think about suicide again but really, what can you do.I know I can distract myself with games, shows, etc., but I need action. I'm attending school and cannot afford to move out. Lounging with friends either is not an option.I have no idea what to do. I don't want to distract myself anymore. I just want my situation to get better.Many thanks.
I dunno what to say. Her roommate (technically they share a flat) has been abusing her for years. She tracks her phone, she monitors her facebook profile, shes isolating her not just from me but also her family. She recently discovered about us and threatened my SO to breakup with me or else she'd kill herself.  She did. I was devastated. Im slowly trying to put back the pieces but she still calls me to complain, to cry... to reach out. Im guilt-ridden and I feel so helpless. Its affecting my own sanity knowing that shes allowing herself to be controlled, to be held hostage by that bitch.Im torn. I want to help her. Because if I dont atleast try, ill live in regret of "what if I couldve done more?". Maybe this is just the white-knight in me talking... My SO has always made fun of me for it.All of my friends and family are advising me against it. That she could leave anytime she wants. But I know better. Its incredibly hard to leave when you are being abused. She was abused as a child and to see her go through this again... I cant just standby and let this happen.But im honestly afraid. Am I making the right choice? Am I just being a fool? Ive known her for years... and I knew... that she was something special. I just didnt realize how messed up everything was.
Hello everyone, I am aware that I will get alot of hate for this, but I want to change.After reading this story:https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/4xu0yy/my_girlfriend_elaborately_made_me_homeless/I came to the conclusion that I might have some control issues and anger issues. I love my girlfriend so, so, so much and I want nothing more than her to be happy, preferable with me. In fights I often feel the need to control her, by grabbing her when she walks away or standing in the doorway so she can't leave. The moment I realised I sometimes do the things the OP from the other topic mentions I felt a huge sadness fall over me. Please help me change myself. I love this girl and would do anything to protect her, even if it is from myself. 
Was abused when I was 6 by uncle who abused all of his children and his 2cnd wife's children.  Anyway last year I went and told the police about it so I could try and move on.  Today I'm on Facebook and he sends me a friend request and I immediately blocked him.  It really agitated me and I'm lost in my head again.. Just needed to let this go..
I've been married for 4 years now. I have a beautiful daughter and last night I was watching Grey's Anatomy and there was a reference to HPV. Today, I was thinking about it, and thinking about how neither my husband or I could possibly have HPV because we were both COMPLETELY virgins when we got married. Some may not believe that, some may think we were lying, or lying to each other, but it's true. We had never been with anyone else at all on any level beyond kissing. And then it hit me like a ton of bricks. And the tears flooded. And I felt like I was there again. And then I realized that I did in fact have a chance of having HPV because I was molested. It was like I "forgot" for a little bit that it happened to me. The memories came flooding back and I felt dirty all over again and on a new level. Please, please, please don't think I'm saying that if you have HPV, that you're dirty, cause I'm not saying that AT ALL. YOU'RE NOT DIRTY. It's just.....Another. Damn. Thing. Does that make any sense? I know, I may not even have it. It just sucks that I have still have to live with ALL the effects of this 20 years later. And yes, I DID consider myself a virgin even though I was molested. That was taken from me. My virginity was mine to give away. It's every person's to give away to whom they choose, despite any shitheads who might have tried to "take it" 
Hey redditors,Let's get started with the story;When I was a kid I remember clearly how, for years, my brother would play sexual games with me. It started with kissing, then being naked next to another, humping, .. This went on from me being about 4 or 5 to around 13. I don't remember him forcing me but he would ask for it and I never dared to say no. When I occasionally did, he would insist but never with any kind of violence.This all stopped after he showed me his boner and asked me to have sex with him. I said no and never slept in the same room as him again nor could be close to him anymore. Any hug or touch would scare me. Every second in the same room without adult too. Even now I freeze when he only puts his head on my shoulder or hugs.Flashforward to now; I always normalized this situation and thought nothing of it until last year when a close friend told me this was abuse. It felt like a kind of relieve to put a name on something that influences my relationships now. I cannot have pleasure bed, I push away men and don't trust them. I always feel like men use woman even though I know this way of thinking is not rational. I have been ashamed of sex  and ashamed of wanting to please. I have been running away from my feminity. This is all coming out now and as m friend is the only person having said that what I went through is abuse, I sometimes feel like I am being dramatic. Few other people know but never really reacted to it. I even told the sexologue I was going to and she ignored it and said she didnt see any reason I couldnt feel any kind of pleasure. So reddit I am kind of lost here. I feel I need to put a name on it, to understand what happened. When I believe it is abuse I always have that little voice saying "this was nothing you are being dramatic" and feel ashamed about that.

I am neither looking for attention nor seeking advice on why not to commit suicide. But am wondering what to do. I know with certainty that I will be ridiculed by him, his friends, and whomever else who is shown the photo. I am 20 yrs old and feel like I've been exploited. All sorts of scenarios are running through my head as to what people will think of me once they see the photo accompanied by the falsely written confession.
I know they have helped alot of people. But for some reason, I just get angry when anyone even suggests them. I get depressed the few times I've tried it. 
I'm 12, and my parents spank me with a belt all the time for no reason. Whenever they're angry about something they make an excuse to whip us with it! It really hurts, it leaves stinging welts with little red lines on my thighs and then deep bruising the next day. The bruises really hurt too. My mom has gone as far as pulling my sisters hair really hard, slapping her in the face with excessive force, throwing dishes, and spanking her continuelessly (leaving welts and bruising) for small matters. My mom abuses us emotionally (I'm pretty sure that's the word for it) by putting us down and branding us with horrible things. I'm known as the instigator to her, my sister is known as arrogant and wanting to have control over everybody, and my brother doesn't have a brand because he never gets this kind of treatment.A few days ago my sister stood up to my mom because she was fed up with the way she was being treated. My mom yelled in her face, swore at her (she's never been the one to swear) and put her down. These were her exact words, "I AM NOT SOMEONE THAT YOU JUST P**S ON! YOU ARE NOTHING! NOTHING! YOU ARE DIRT! YOU ARE DIRT!" She then forced my sister to say okay mom. When she managed to choke it out behind her tears and started toward the sink, my mom whipped her thigh very hard. She said to say it again because it sounded like it was disrespectful because she was crying. I don't know why my mom sense sass in it though. Me and my brother were watching from the doorway of the kitchen. I was crying because it was so horrible, I wanted to stand up to her so bad but I was too afraid. Mom somehow thought that I was laughing at her (I'm crying!!!) and whipped me with extreme force with the belt on my thigh. It stung a lot and later bruised. My sister however has one bruise on her forearm from trying to shield, and one on each thigh. There is another event where she spanked my sister for not doing the dishes on time. She left a welt on her thigh, and when she said to mom that she left a mark my mom started yelling this to her, "Go ahead! Call the police! When they get here they'll just tell me to spank you as much as I want because you're being an arrogant brat!"Every time my mom spanks me and my sister we get welts and bruises, I don't know what to do!
Seems "go to therapy!" is the default answer thrown around here as if the victim doesn't know or if the victim could afford it.  I thankfully can afford therapy now, but for the past several years when I heard "go to therapy", it pisses me off.  It felt like a hollow response to my situation.So ladies and gents, does therapy really help with EVERYTHING?
I'm in an awful situation with my girlfriend of 2,5 years who suffers from Dissociative Identity Disorder. By no means do I believe that writing this post is going to solve anything or that there are "right" or "wrong" answers as to what to do in my situation. Instead, I'm simply looking for your comments and input because even though some of my friends are aware of the situation, I still feel terribly alone with all that has been going on.So here goes nothing.My girlfriend has been suffering from amnesia, distorted self-image, eating disorders and bursts of aggression towards her boyfriends and family members since she was a teenager. When our relationship began she told me that for the first time she felt like she was getting slightly better. However, just 6 months into our relationship, she became a victim of sexual assault by someone she knew (I will not go into details, but it is nevertheless important to note that so far, she has not had the courage to pursue legal action; and due to lack of evidence probably never will).This set to motion the absolute darkest period of our lives. She suffered heavily from PTSD symptoms and her eating disorder made a return. This was also when she was first diagnosed with DiD, which also helped explain the mental issues she had had in her earlier life. For those who do not know, DiD is a relatively rare mental disorder usually related to abuse experienced at a very young age. In my girlfriend's case, it stems from her parents' alcoholism as well as being a victim of sexual abuse in her early teens. Just terrible stuff. Persons with DiD have several "personalities" or "self-states" during which the person has very little control over their actions – and sometimes does not even remember what they have done during these episodes.After we moved in together, she began intensive therapy with a psychiatrist specialised in her condition. She has made good progress and has begun working again. In the meantime however, our relationship has descended straight into hell.At home, her episodes have become more and more violent. She scratches me, hits, kicks and throws stuff at me. Granted, this usually only happens after I cannot take the endless loops of self-hatred or emotional abuse towards me anymore and decide to leave the house. However, this has essentially made me a prisoner at my own home; during the episodes, I am always aware of the fact that escaping is not an option, unless I want to get my ass kicked. This happens fairly often; sometimes on a weekly basis.Lately, I have begun having strange fits myself. During the episodes, I have begun yelling at her and have hit myself in the face on various occasions. Later I feel like I had no control over myself in those situations whatsoever. I find it harder and harder to get up on mornings and often feel fearful or totally depressed. And of course, me crumbling under pressure has made our situation even worse and more volatile.As insane as the situation is, I do not want to lose her because of all the terrible things that have happened to her. I just don't know what to do.Any kind of input is greatly appreciated – especially from those of you who have dealt with similar things (DiD and other serious mental issues, abuse etc.).Thanks for taking the time to read this and thank you for your comments in advance.tl;dr: I'm afraid I'm starting to lose my own mind after struggling with my girlfriend's Dissociative Identity Disorder for two years. Any kind of input is greatly appreciated!
So I apologize, this story is a long and complicated one but I'll try and sum it up as best I can...Grew up with a large family, not a lot of boundaries, but we loved each other and I had an amazing childhood. My mom was 18 when she had me, and my dad wasn't in the picture so we were extremely close, and by the time I was 8 she met my (now) step dad. Then when I turn 13 suddenly my mom tells me we can't see my extended family anymore, and fills me in on years and years of abuse, drug use, and toxic behavior that I had been completely unaware of (confirmed that it's all true). So I never saw or spoke to them, save once or twice because I missed them...but my mom freaked so I just gave up ever contacting them again.So fast forward to last year, my step dad has always blamed the 'family' for all his problems, and kept saying how he wanted to just move away and live by himself away from all of it and then out of no where he just snapped. He got all moody and distant, and when my mom finally confronted him about it he punched her in the face. I was absolutely shell shocked. After all these years of hearing how horrible my abusive family was here he was, the 'good guy', hitting my mom. She tried to hide it, but we were so close that I knew she was acting weird and found out. Then proceeded the worst 4 months of my life. He emotionally abused my mother, and tried to tell my brother (12) and sister (9) how horrible of a person she was and that he didn't love her anymore. He tried to contact me but I ignored him. She spent nights at my house, hiding her valuables in case he stole them there, I went to the police with her, my fiance and I spent nights with her so she would have someone to talk to.Mom eventually kicked him out, and told me my fiance and I could live in the basement. We were financially struggling so it seemed like a good solution. Except for she took him back. Told me I couldn't live there, and did nothing while he gave me the silent treatment and ignored me for another month because I didn't 'support him' through his tough time. Eventually I tried to reach out to him, because it was hard on my mother to see us fighting, and I just wanted her to be happy. I then got pregnant, and they convinced me not to keep it. My dad then turns around and tells all of HIS family about my abortion to try to garner their sympathy so they would invite us over for Christmas and we could be a normal family again (because of course they thought mom and i were the bad guys throughout all of this). I WAS LIVID. I felt betrayed. I wanted to file a restraining order... but my mom talked me out of it. So I tried my hardest to get over it. I felt like I had no one. I was so upset that i went to the hospital from multiple suicide attempts, started having episodes where i lost control of my body and it was almost like being high on acid, and I lost over 15 lbs from not being able to eat. All of this I told my mother about, and she tried to understand but she just couldn't relate to how I felt. Thank god for my fiance or I don't think I would have made it.So I reached out to my mom's family out of desperation and extreme loneliness. and they have been nothing but amazing to me. They gave me and my fiance a place to stay, food, and just made me feel like I had a family again. They never pressure me about my mom, or even talk about her unless i bring her up. I even told my mother that I was moving into their place, and she was upset, but understood that i am an adult and the choice was mine.Which was fine, except once my dad found out I was talking to them it's flipped everything upside down. My mom and dad won't talk to me, she drives by my grandparents to see if I'm there and then drives off... I don't know what to do. I'm so mad, and hurt, and angry. I thought we were best friends, but they're both making me feel horrible and I don't know what to do. Please, I'm begging you, help me try to make light of what the fuck is going on.
I'm in a hotel room. It isn't the first time in the last 15 years but it might be the last.I'm married to a woman ( same sex) and we've had an insane time over the span of our relationship; living in Scotland and the states. Next month we were supposed to start a new Chinese adventure but it looks like I'm going to pass on that one.I didn't know it till I had to call the police one night, but I'm in an emotionally and financially abusive relationship.  She would hide my keys wallet passport phone, sometimes even the car itself.  She doesn't drink and identifies as alcoholic but I think there is more going on there.  She takes grass daily and sleeping pills daily and is bulimic daily.  I admit I've been drinking too much over the last few years as a kind of escape, but recently I've had no problem keeping it to the weekend and cutting down a lot, both for health and that I'm missing out on tons of life.  It has not been a big effort.  Her parents moved in and she has started a new business which she has total responsibility for, and I think the stress has been too much.  All of the resulting aggression is directed to me, all the time.  It started on Wednesday this week and has escalated from "you're a rude selfish person who doesn't update me on your whereabouts every minute of the day" to whispering nastiness when everyone else is out of the room, "you're a bad tempered bitch" right up close to my ear but quiet enough that her parents don't hear.  I need to get away.  I need to get a grip and run.  I gave up my job for this new adventure and I will be homeless.  I'm terrified and just looking for someone to tell me hang on in there and you will be ok.  I went to friends but couldn't keep it together face to face.  I needed to be alone and think. They have offered places to stay.I love my inlaws and really don't want to upset them, they are both 82Should I go back tomorrow when they are at church and try and talk? She is not a reasonable person when she becomes this monster, but honestly, I need time to get myself together and find a place to live, etc.  She doesn't ever see that she's done anything wrong so she won't this time.  I need it to end and to maybe find someone eventually who likes me.Sorry all that was a bit tortured, I tried to zone out with Netflix but my brain is going 1000 to the dozenDivorce will be easy for her, she kept our home in her brothers name, but at this point all I need is my sanity.She also ran up a 10k credit card in my name if it's of any relevance
What should I do when my dad is abusing my family and I verbally/physically?
I'm not sure if this is the right sub for this, please let me kow if there is a better one.Throwaway for obvious reasons.I was sexually abused as a child, by a neighbor.  I've mostly ignored and repressed the whole thing for my life until now (it was about 15 years ago), but looking back I'm starting to see how profoundly it affected everything about me up to this point.  I'm looking for what I can do to help myself, what I can do to help the abuser, and any sort of advice you guys have to offer.  Thanks in advance.
(Also posted in [r/survivorsofabuse](https://www.reddit.com/r/survivorsofabuse))When one thinks of abuse, they think of 'partner to partner' or 'family member to family member'. Friends can easily abuse one another too.I'll try to make this short, but even then it'll be long. I made a friend at the start of last school year, C. She was cool and friendly and funny and smart. C had a friend I became friends with, A. I started to have romantic feelings towards A, and told C because I thought she could give me advice on how to not look dumb.C said that she used to like him but doesn't. A month later, at my birthday party, I invite A, C, another friend of theirs J, and my then-best friend N. A and C start snuggling on my couch, but I barely even notice because, well, C told me she didn't like him, and A had a girlfriend at the time anyway. (October)In January, the day after I get back to school, I find out that C and A are dating from A (who also says that he knows I like him). I text C, asking her about what she said all those months before in September. C basically admitted that she lied, but followed it up with several dozen excuses including 'I was lying to myself too' and 'I didn't want to hurt your feelings'.I started going downhill really fast with my mental health as I ate lunch with A and C and had to watch them make googly eyes at each other even though I knew that she had lied. Despite this, I remained friends with C.Over time, I disclosed to C that it made me uncomfortable. I didn't tell her to try and stop anything- she asked first anyway. C then suggested that I not sit with them at lunch.In February, my mental health was so shitty that I was going to OD on Valentine's Day, and would have if A hadn't emailed in time, since we play games together on NinjaKiwi.I didn't disclose that to anyone for about a month, when C tried to end her friendship with me, saying it was 'too hard' for me. And that's when I realized that, no, it's not true that she 'didn't mean to hurt me'. It's not my fault. She lied. It was just too difficult for her to have me there. (I later changed that theory- I think it was more because she didn't want me making her look bad so she could have A to herself) It seems pretty stupid that I blamed myself, but she's incredibly Machiavellian. She even once told me it was because of my atheism that all of this happened, and that I need to turn to God. That is just plain bigotry.A friend, E, mediates and tells us to tell the other one our problem. I let C have it and tell her about the almost-suicide. She seems to be very sympathetic and says all the right things, but only when E turns her back does C smirk at me. She SMIRKS like she had won a battle.E decrees that we should try a friendship again and I get it in my head that I can fix her. But C now isn't letting me hang out with them in the mornings, and gives me nasty looks when I do. Other than that, it's kind of like old times.Near the end of the year, I tell her (without asking permission) that I think it would be good to end the year on a good note and I'd like to hang with J and A in the mornings again.C has a mask. It very rarely slips off (the smirk is a good example), but it does now when she says in the iciest tone you can imagine, 'I like the way things are in the mornings.'So she's cutting me out. Great. The best part? A is still dating her, 7 months later, J and I aren't friends anymore because (I'm guessing, anyway- she gave me a pretty obviously fake answer) real or perceived pressure from C to end her friendship with me got to her. Only people who have never met C believe me. (Even N- remember N?- vehemently defends C and has the balls to call *me* the manipulative one and tell me that it's all in my head. N, who has a lot of experience with depression.)So... does anyone know what kind of abuse this is? Obviously not physical or verbal, and I've looked at psychological and it kind of fits...
I moved out of my parents house a little over a year ago. I thought the abuse from my parents would stop when I left but it clearly hasn't. My sister wants to leave badly but she doesn't have anywhere to go. She could live with me but the problem is I moved all the way to Chicago from southern California. (was in a long distance relationship and when I left my parents, living with a friend for a couple of weeks wasn't working so I decided that if I was going to be struggle to survive I would want to at least be with the love of my life) it was much easier for me to leave everything behind and move than it is for my sister. She doesn't do well with change and she doesn't want to leave her boyfriend. I offered to let him live with me too since he is basically my brother in law. I could hook them up with jobs too. But still my sister would rather live with my parents because of all the material possessions and pets she has. I don't know how else to help her from the abuse. Her and her bf dont have jobs because its nearly impossible to find jobs where they live (part of the problem I was having, and something that help convince me to move) so them moving out on to thier own would be difficult too. The cost of living is high too so they have to worry about that. I wish I could just convince her to move in with me... 
An Open Letter to My Psychologically Abusive Father **The purpose of this letter is not to elicit pity, but to empower those who may be going through the same. Being treated this way is not normal, and it is not acceptable. It took me time to realize this, and hopefully you will too.**Dear Dad, A teenage girl is supposed to be able to look up to her father. She is supposed to go to him for help, for advice. She is supposed to know that he will be there to protect her from anything that could cause her harm.Yet, Dad, you were the one I always needed protecting from. I remember as a twelve year old girl, watching you get so upset over my failed math test, that you picked up the phone from your desk and threw it at me. I dodged it, and ran away. When I returned later, in the middle of the night, you had no words to say to me. In fact, you didn’t speak to me for days after. You did that a lot – not speaking to me when I had done something “wrong”. You’d tell my siblings not to speak to me either. You’d tell them I was bipolar, that I was crazy. You turned them against me. They would be so cruel to me, and look to you for approval. I soon learned nothing I could do would please you. It didn’t matter if I was failing tests or had the highest grade in the class, you would always find some way to take your anger out on me. You’d team up with my brother to put me down, make fun of my weight (I’ve always been underweight, by the way), the way I spoke, my lack of athleticism. Yet, if I tried to make fun of my siblings, you’d threaten to kill me. You’d threaten to kill me if I interrupted you, if I raised my voice. You knew I was working extremely hard and got very little sleep, yet you’d wake me up in the middle of the night to empty the washing machine so you could do a load. You’d yell at me to come down and look at a single piece of cereal in the sink, and demand to know why I was so sloppy. Meanwhile my siblings sleep sixteen hours a day. There were times when I did think you were going to kill us. You’d get this look in your eye and start throwing things, breaking dishes. I would hide in my room – almost an adult at this point – scared to go downstairs. I would find moments of joy in realizing I had left a glass of water on my desk, because this meant I didn’t have to be thirsty that night; I was too afraid to leave my room to go to the sink. There is not enough time in the world to fully recount everything you did to me, how depressed you made me feel. I created an imaginary father to cry to at night. He would talk me out of suicide. He would tell me what was happening was not okay. I am done with you. I am done with your mind games, your manipulation, your abuse. You’ve given me stomach ulcers, scars on my wrists, a sleeping disorder. And yet, you have the audacity to claim I should be thankful you don’t regularly hit me. I can’t wait until the day where I am far enough removed from you, far enough removed from this hell of mine, that the only contact from me you get is an email every Father’s day: Dear Dad, thanks for keeping the abuse psychological. With so much hate, Your daughter **To everyone who has read this far: If it is because you can relate, let me tell you – just because someone doesn’t hit you, doesn’t mean they’re not abusive. Please find some support – professional or otherwise – it will make so much of a difference.**
A family member has reached out to our family who lives many states away has revealed that she had discovered her husband was using one of their properties to drug, beat, and rape girls. We have all had a hunch that he was always a weird guy for the fact he collected so many guns and grenades, moved his wife upstate the boondocks in the mountain. We found out he had a drug problem and the problems kept escalating. There had been two rape allegations made against him though he used his friends identity. she found all these photos he took and was to use them as evidence against him when she was shaken up. They also have five kids together which does not put my mind at ease. My family had offered to help and take the kids when she was trying to escape the house. And at the very last minute she retracted everything and went back to her routine stay at home wife and he was back in the house. I don't know if she has destroyed the evidence but I don't want the kids there and I don't know how to help her. 
So my mom is a good person. But when she gets angry at me, she says things that should never come out of someone's mouth.In her latest outburst, she yelled at me saying that I wasn't her child, that I don't listen, she hates me, doesn't love me, etc. She yelled in rage that if she went to jail, she would say I killed her.I know she doesn't really mean these things, otherwise I would be dead by now, but it is still unbearable emotional torture. I hate it.I am a junior in high school, and I was thinking of telling my Chemistry teacher with whom I have a good relationship. I know teachers are mandatory reporters. I don't want to be sent into foster care or put my mom in jail, but I feel like I really need to talk to someone. I am a quiet, straight A student, so teachers don't suspect anything wrong with me and my mom always acts super nice in front of them.If I did, I'm not sure what would happen and I don't want to ruin my chances at college or anything.If you talked to a teacher, counselor, close friend, etc, what was the outcome and should I do it?
Ever since my parents divorced in 2005, I have been living alone with my mother who suffers from bipolar disorder. Growing up with a parent who simply didn't care for me, both physically and emotionally, has moulded me into an emotionally damaged child, teenager, and now an adult of 20. I have grown used to not receiving love from my mother (or father). This meant that I had to do a lot of things on my own. These including caring for myself emotionally and physically.Of course the desire to feel affection has not subsided through. I'd like to have a relationship to feel affection and to show that despite my suffering, I still have the capacity to love (isn't that beautiful?). But this yearning has gotten me into trouble multiple times, leaving me devastated. Any time a girl is nice to me I like to think that it could turn into something romantic. I like seeing potential every single time, only to be let down terribly.But usually in my head I have good reasons for thinking so. We usually have good and thoughtful conversations, she smiles a lot around me, she texts those winks regularly.. But I know this is my gaping hole trying to justify my 'obsession'.I've been so lonely for 15 years. :(I want someone by my side. I know it's not an end-all solution, but I'm sure it will give me energy to go forward.

I'm 24 year years old now. But when I was a kid, I was physical, verbally, and emotionally abused by my dad. It was always punishment that went too far. He acted in anger and it crossed the line. I'm the only one in my family who thinks it was abuse. Ever since I was a little kid, I endured beatings for offenses. It started out at a leather belt with my pants down, and graduated to the belt being swung in any and every direction towards me who was cowering on the ground and trying to get away. There would be welts. Everywhere. My back, my legs, my stomach, my ass. Welts that were red and inflamed and lasted upwards to a week and I could barely endure to sit or shower. I was thrown to the ground. I've been kicked before. I've been slapped across the face and beaten to the point of pissing myself from both fear and pain-as a teenager. I have been choked to where I could feel my airway being pinched shut as I gasped for air that didn't come. I was told I was a disgrace. I was told I was stupid. I was told I was only book smart but lacked even the smallest amount of common sense. And I got tired of it. I TOLD PEOPLE. I first told my Sunday school teacher when I was 8 years old. I asked for prayer during prayer request time in our class. Our teacher demanded to know why but I wouldn't tell. So she held me after class and called my mom over before service. My intentions were to ask for prayer because I had received a beating before church and had a few bruises. My mom explained that I had a "spanking" before church and had a single bruise and was being over-dramatic. My teacher agreed with my mom and believed her story. Later, after church, I was yelled at by my mom, "HAVEN'T YOU EVER HEARD OF SUCH A THING AS AN 'UNSPOKEN PRAYER REQUEST'!!!!!" I was 8, so no, I had not. I was beaten again for this. I told the mother of one of my ex-friend's friends when were at her house when I was 15. I told her how my dad beat me before but it hadn't happened in a couple of months. She gasped, said she would pray for me, and that was it. I told a classmate over IM when I was 16 and said, "I can't make this up." To which he replied, "yes you can." And that was that. I told my guidance counselor that my dad and I didn't get along and that we fought was but too afraid and too defeated to share any more details at 16 when she wanted to call my dad to come pick me up because they thought I was on drugs. (I wasn't, I started stuttering from stress and I usually don't stutter). When I was little, 5 or 6, I would threaten to call the police on my dad, to which he would reply, "do that and they'll take you away and you'll never see us again and you'll have to go live with some other family that you don't know. Do you want that?" At 5, the idea of never seeing your family ever again is absolutely terrifying even if I did know I was being abused. I knew even then that this wasn't right. My point to all of this is that I TOLD AND NO ONE LISTENED!!!! Maybe they did listen, but it didn't spur ANYONE to action, at all! When you're an abused kid, telling ANYONE of your secret is so scary. Let alone doing it over and over and over again. And then to have no one care, to blow you off is so disheartening. You feel stuck. I used to be suicidal. I just wanted out. I used to google the emancipation process and dream of what it would be like to be free. If ANYONE comes to you and tells you they're being abused, they trust you a lot. Their life is in your hands. I ended up surviving. My abuse wasn't as bad as other people have it. If someone reports, LISTEN AND TAKE ACTION.  
My verbally and emotionally (same thing?) Abusive mother told me to pack my shit and go tonight.. Dad came and got me. I am a wreck, and can barely breathe right now... I don't know how to cope or what to do. I feel like I'm being torn in half, and at this point I feel like Id much rather die than continue with this shit in my life.
I've been working on post-grad job applications all day, so I've been confined to my room. Earlier, my mom came in and asked me if I could take a picture of her for a dating website that she joined. I told her I was busy and I'd do it later. She took the dogs outside and popped her head back in a few minutes later, yet again asking if I could take a picture (this time in a very frustrated tone). I once again told her no, I was busy. So she went outside again for a few minutes then came back RAGING. She stormed into my room screaming about how I was "selfish" and that I "need to be out of the house in an hour" and telling me that I can go and live with my boyfriend (who lives two hours away) and "his crazy family." During her insane rant (level 100 rant--screaming, slamming stuff, getting in my face), she said that she was going to destroy all my stuff as well. She grabbed my foldable chair and SLAMMED it on my floor, then took my ipod and smashed it on the floor as well. I got up from my computer at this point and grabbed her to stop her from ruining anything else and she pushed me down against my bed and slapped my face repeatedly. Bruises are starting to form and my jaw aches whenever I open my mouth.She's been depressed and anxious and moody for at least a couple of months, and she's been having psychotic episodes lately. My uncle and grandmother who live with us have commented on it as well. To frame my mother's personality even more: she's a Conservative, conspiracy-believing Bible-thumper who always thinks she's in the right about everything.I'm struggling to find a job and repay my student loans, so I can't afford to move out. Is there any way I can force my mom into counseling? Does anyone know what the hell could be going on in her fucked up head? 
So I don't know if I'm being irrational or if hes actually being abusive. I should mention that I am a people pleaser, and it is both a curse and a blessing. I hate telling people "no" and love doing everything I can to give someone whatever they want. Anyway, onto the situation at hand.I love my boyfriend very very very very much, but he is so mean to me. He frequently picks fights with me which are really just him yelling at me and insulting me while I have to sit there and apologize and grovel and tell him what I will do to be a better girlfriend. He usually tells me to fuck off or that he doesn't care and then won't talk to me for a few hours until he's not mad anymore. Then he acts like nothing happened.He threatens to break up with me if I wear certain things in public and told me to delete all male contacts off my phone and all social media. Even my brother and father. He also got extremely mad at me when I spoke to a mutual male friend of ours about making double date plans with him, his girlfriend, my boyfriend, and I. This was after he told me to delete everybody, but he never said to block or cease talking to anyone. This only pissed him off further. He called me a fucking liar.Whenever I leave to do ANYTHING (cook, go to work, eat, etc) he seems pissed about it.He demands my full attention at all times and forbids me from paying more attention to other people while he's around.He gets angry if I dont want to do a certain sex act (particularly anal) or if I change my mind about it. He then yells at me for "not keeping my promises". Not wanting to upset him, I comply.He gets angry if I don't let him take his anger out on me.A good portion of the time he acts dismissively towards me, and about 70% of the time responds to "i love you" with "okay" or "that's nice" just to upset me. Then when I ask if he still loves me, he gets annoyed and says "I do, but I don't have to".If I'm busy on a day he wants to make plans, he gets mad and refuses to talk to me and then guilts me about it, saying I treat him like trash.He said the more willing I am to do things for him, the less likely he is to lose interest in me. He also says if he loses interest in me, it's all my fault.I try to not beat myself up about it too much, but I really do feel like a failure when I upset him. I feel like I'm being selfish if I don't give him everything he wants or if I ask him to do something for me. I feel as if I deserve to be yelled at for upsetting him and that I need to be a better girlfriend. And I try my best to spoil him and give him everything he wants I'm sorry for the length of all this, but I figured the more details the better. Thank you for reading this!!Tl;dr: my boyfriend does a lot of shit that seems out of line, but I'm not quite sure if it's abuse. From what I wrote above, do you think I'm being abused?
I am turning 18 in a month, so obviously I live with my parents. My parents who abused me as a child. I hate them so much at times, so much. It's hard to forgive, when you see the people who beat you every day. I hate my parents for taking my childhood away. I hate them for making me raise my younger siblings. I hate them for forcing me to learn to cook at 6, so I could feed myself and my siblings. I hate them for making me be in charge of cleaning every inch of the house all by mself and every sinse I was only 5 yrs old. I hate them for being so negligen, that they never took to me to the hospital when I needed to go. I hate that after I just stabbed myself in the eye with a knife, I got yelled for getting blood on the couch, instead of being taken to get medical attention.I may not be beat anymore, but I still emotionally abused and left to deal with the whole house. how do I heal or move on when I live in the same house with them.(Please do comment about grammar or errors. I am currently a wreck while writing this and do not care about proof reading at the moment)
I just wish I knew earlier. I thought the way I behaved was the way it should be in relationship. I find myself repulsive now. I am crushed by guilt. I didn't want to hurt anybody, especially my love. He is being more compassionate to me than myself. He said he knows I didn't know better. I come from an abusive, alcoholic family. But... I thought I was better than them. I ran away when I was 18. I met my current boyfriend, he showed me how it really should be done (even though I'm his first girlfriend) yet I managed to destroy the best thing that ever happened to me. Why? How? How I didn't realize that earlier?The only thing that gives us both hope is the fact that 1. I know I screwed up 2. I am going to change through therapy and self improvement.Those statements aren't enough though. After situation settled a little bit, I began to feel those waves of anger again. But I didn't gave in to them this time. I just cried alone. But it was better than saying things to my bf for sure. I'd rather suffer alone than have him being disappointed with me again.I just hope he'll give me a second chance. I know I'm not changing for him, or anybody else but me. But I don't want my past to ruin my present. I want to be better than that.Ok. Off to professional now. Let's see if I can be normal and deserve to be loved again. 
Don't know how to tell this story... It might be rambling. Sorry. **To skip the Russian novel of a preface and get to the current violence, jump to where the bolded heading is.**I'm a guy who has always struggled with low self esteem. When I was in high school I ate my lunch in the bathroom because I was nervous about sitting alone and looking like a loser. In college it improved and I had a very intense relationship with a girl, and had my first kiss and lost my virginity. When that ended, I had a long dry spell, and that's when I met my current girlfriend of 3 years.I was a senior and she was a freshman. I was her first kiss and she lost her virginity to me. This is a big source of contention because I was her first, but she was not mine. (This often comes up now with fights where she'll say something like "at least I've never been with other people!") When I was a senior our relationship was great. When we first began I was very passionate towards her, and would sing her to sleep every night and write poems and devotions to her. In the beginning of our relationship she would often have long bouts of crying because she thought I was so sweet and caring. She told me she feels such powerful emotions and doesn't feel like she has the power to control them. She told me her biggest fear is that I would get tired of her HUGE emotions and would get tired of her and leave her. I held her and said it's OK, I'll always be there for you. In the first 3 months we grew so close that although we didn't officially move in together, she stayed over my place every night. We talked about growing old together and picked out kids names and planned where we would live when we finished school.Some of the first big signs of our future problems happened during breaks from school. She would be devastated and she would want me to spend all day and night (14 hours) on the phone with her. I wanted to talk to her a lot too, but the pressure to be on the phone that long was too much. When we were back during the semester things were amazing again and we went everywhere together.**The problems start**It was after I graduated that things got bad. I have a biochem degree, and there are no tech companies near where we went to school. We wanted to stay together, so I just decided to move in with her. This has really hindered my career progression and right now I'm unemployed. Living together also increased the number and severity of our fights. Before we would have a little fight and make up, but now that we don't have our own domains, our fights just escalate and escalate. I also feel isolated because she gets very upset with me when I call my family because she doesn't like them. Right now my life consists of staying at home or visiting her during school and also writing her class essays (probably unbelievable based on this poorly structured post but I write awesome essays). She pays for almost everything in the relationship because I am unemployed with no savings.**Yesterday**Yesterday is a perfect example of our current relationship problems. She just got a very prestigious internship but it is in the city. To make the commute feasible we're staying at my parents' house for the month and I'm driving her to work and waiting in the hospital all day for her to finish work. Living with my parents is tense because she hates and resents them. Yesterday was actually OK and we were affectionate to each other until nighttime. At night we went to Trader Joe's and got some frozen dinners. She also begged me to get wine because she's underage. I don't like to buy alcohol for her because I used to heavily abuse alcohol. We have had many arguments about this that have gotten physical with her hitting me and verbally abusing me because I have denied her. She feels this is unfair because she can't buy it herself. To prevent these fights, I bought the wine. When we got home she proceeded to drink the wine much too quickly. She kept rapidly drinking her glass and refilling. She had finished 3 glasses before I even had any. I didn't want her to get a hangover for her prestigious internship, so I tried to cut her off. I also know that if she gets drunk she gets even more physically/verbally violent and also quite clumsy. I said she could have 1 more glass that I refill (a very tiny portion) and she reluctantly agreed. When I went to the bathroom and came back I saw she had refilled her glass already. I told her this was it for the night because she had her (much larger) refill. I proceeded to chug the rest of the bottle so she couldn't have any more secretly. This set her off. She kept saying that I micromanage her and don't let her do what she wants. She said she hates me and I'm the worst person in the world. She called me dumb and a loser for not having a job. She says "fine we're broken up, I don't love you." This is her standard reaction when she gets mad, and I kept saying I did it to help her and that I loved her. I told her that if she's getting this mad about not having a little bit of wine she probably has an unhealthy relationship with alcohol and she snapped that I was the alcoholic. Her anger kept building and she eventually started hitting me. When she hit me it hurt, and I said "stop hitting me." This got her even more angry because in our small house my parents could probably hear. She told me to stop being so loud, and every time she would hit me I would say stop hitting me (apparently too loudly) and she would use that as justification to hit me again. At this point I called her a cunt and used very mean language towards her to let out my frustration which made her even more violent. I also called her "psycho" and "crazy" because of how she was acting. She smashed her wine glass which spread glass on the floor and minorly cut my feet. Then she smashed my phone against the wall and I had to wrestle with her for valuable electronics to prevent her from breaking them. This wrestling turned into a real fight where I started to hit her back out of anger. I've done this a few times out of anger and I always regret it, but I can only take so much before I start to get violent back (I know this is wrong but it's SO DIFFICULT NOT TO!) She said she was leaving, but I didn't want to let her drive with the alcohol and her emotions distracting her. I had to wrestle her for the keys as well. She went outside and walked around at this time. She's done this before and if I don't follow her she says I'm abandoning her. I followed her for a bit and told her to come back and apologized for hitting her. She wouldn't come back to me, so I just went home and left the door unlocked so she wouldn't be trapped outside all night. Even after all our fighting, I still wanted her to come back and sleep to be prepared for her internship. She eventually came back and I told her to sleep in the bed, just give me a pillow and a blanket and I will sleep on the couch. She refused to give me these so I try to grab them which leads to more wrestling. At this point she is sober so I give her the keys and tell her to leave and we're done. She refused and told me that I said I would never leave her. She said that she shared her greatest fear and I promised I would never leave her and that I broke my promise. She threatened to kill herself if we break up or I leave or make her leave. The fight continued until we were both bruised and too physically exhausted to continue. Before we went to bed she kept asking for me to apologize for calling her a cunt because that was too far. I apologized for hitting her, but wouldn't apologize for saying mean words. She insisted we sleep cuddling together even after our huge fight together.Now today, I'm sitting at the hospital (her workplace) waiting for her to be done work and then we're going back to our place near the college campus tonight. I told her she can go back by herself so she can feel consequences of her actions. She said she would agree to see a psychiatrist if I agreed to come back with her. Just typing out this long crazy story is making me realize more and more that I shouldn't be with this person, but I still can't help but love her. I know that her visiting a psychiatrist will help her, but I can't see how it can make her overcome emotional issues this deep (I think she has BPD and told her this but its shitty to diagnose someone with a mental disorder). It's so weird, because most days we are super affectionate and loving for each other and then others she gets toxic and we have insane fights. Some weird part of me still has hope that she'll be able to overcome this, and that we'll still grow old and have kids. So that's my story. I know the obvious advice is leave her. Knowing myself I probably won't take it. Just felt I had to get this out somehow. I've called domestic abuse hotlines, but most of them don't want to talk to me after I say that I hit her back (maybe they think I'm trying to spin the story).tl;dr My girlfriend got insanely physically/verbally/emotionally abusive when I tried to get her to stop drinking (so she wouldn't be hungover for her job). I hit her back. I probably won't leave her. How can I prevent her from escalating fights to this level?Edit: Attached a few pics of bruises she left on me. There are more but I'm taking the photos in public so I can't show them all. http://imgur.com/a/eurLA
Emotional support was a myth. My idiot fathers rage quite literally, as he was very large, shook our house every single night. He would call me a whore, tell me to go suck dick for money, tell me I was a piece of shit and referred to me as "that fucking bitch" to my mother. He's told me he hates me, that my mother hates, that my entire family hates me. He does things purposely to give me a hard time, like throwing my clothes outside or embarrassing me in public to shame me. "She can't even do simple math!" He would tell his "friends", who would eye eachother uncomfortably. He drinks excessively, he is always furious, he's a racist prick and I loathe him. I've been working hard to get over the social anxiety and the depression that being raised by such a fuckwit has caused. I've been struggling to develop actual relationships with people and I tend to push people away. I'm still stuck living with the fat abusive shitbag, but I feel as though I've raised myself, that I've been emotionally supporting myself since childhood. Will I ever be able to let my guard down and accept myself? Or is his idiocy and abuse going to fuck up the entire rest of my life?
I just had a conversation that heavily implied that her parents were beating her brother hard enough/doing something else to be considered child abuse.She said her life will totally be destroyed if this gets reported.She and I are both sixteen. What do I do? She's begging me not to report it, but I don't know if that's the right thing to do.edit: she is also at least emotionally abused
My parents divorced when I was four due to alcoholism/domestic violence. My mother got custody but had to rely on her mother to help with day care. My grandmother hated men and used to beat the hell out of me because "men rape women" and other reasons completely out of my control. My sister did everything she could to ensure the abuse would happen and took immense pleasure in doing so. When it came time to start dating I realized that I did not know how to touch people, like at all, and had a relationship never get off of the ground because I was so afraid of being accused of rape based on the horrible things my grandmother used to say to me. Now I go through periodic bouts of rage where I fantasize about taking revenge on my grandmother in the most violent ways possible. I understand this is wrong to a degree and no longer want to feel this way or have these kinds of thoughts. Are there any tools available that can help me deal with the anger and frustration?  
Throwaway for obvious reasons. I don't really think I've been abused, my dad has only ever hit me a handful of times, but from as early as I can remember the house was always full of fights about the stupidest of things. My dad yelling about the plates on the table, the way we use the toaster, how long our showers were, ect. My problem is, whenever I try to talk to someone about my childhood, I just feel stopped up like a wine bottle. I can't get the words out, even though I wasn't abused. When someone asks, lies just automatically come out and I cant control them. Can someone help me to understand why I am having this problem, so I can move past it? Thanks. 
Well, i have been sitting on this for a while now, but only now have i gotten the courage to ask.I am a 13 year old male and i think i my parents might be a doing this to me... Sometimes, when i get close to my father, he would just reach down and grab at my crotch area, and other times, he would rub my nipples, some times even while we are in public. I think he may be encouraged by me having a "ticklish" reaction to it when ever he does it, but in reality, it is just me jumping away in disgust. I am not sure what to do about this, as me being super young and shit, and i dont expect you to believe all i say, but i still, you have to atleast help me. ;-;
I'll cut to the chase here: from ages 0-16, I have been abused by all of the 6 types of abuse whether it came from my family or significant others. I am currently still living with my abuser, but they have "toned down," but still show abusive tendencies. Most recently, my abuser's girlfriend choked me. Before the 'tell someone' advice: I don't want to move out, as I can't support myself financially and it would mean whole lot of legal trouble. I don't tell my abuser to cut the relationship off or reconsider it as well. I constantly feel like I'm reliving my abuse due to the familiarity and past memories. Due to my sexual abuse and past abuse with partners, I fear ever entering a romantic and/or sexual relationship with anyone. I close myself off from my friends, since I constantly weigh them down- I try desperately to be as positive as I can, but then past memories rear their ugly head. ( I don't mean 'once or twice a month,' that it comes up- try 'once or twice every few days followed with a meltdown or crying fit. ) So, instead of telling them about an episode, I try to keep my feelings away or act if they aren't important. Therapy just doesn't seem to work for me. After a few tries, I did have an excellent therapist; she was very nice and helpful, but she took another job and I had to stop being her patient. Even when I did go to her, I never felt like I "got better," and the therapist after pressured me into talking seriously about my problems 2 sessions in and would not-so-subtly blame me if I felt uncomfortable and tried to switch the topic. Plus, there is the whole "legal issue" again- I can't talk about my abuse, which is the root of all my problems, from the hands of my relatives because, due to my age, they have to report my relatives and I have to be taken away. I have no proof besides my word, and I'd be accusing practically every member of my close family. So, as I'm stuck like this: What am I supposed to do now? I know it's my choice to not turn my relatives in and I have to deal with the consequences, but... I'm so tired of frequently revisiting my abuse. I'm tired of crying, I'm tired of caring; I've forgiven every single one of my abusers, and yet I still don't feel better.I just want to move on. What do I do? 
My grandpa molested me when I was 4-8 years old. He wouldn't rape me, but he would stick his hands in my pants and stuff. I told my best friend when I was 12. Until then, I would try to find ways to justify it every day b of my life. "maybe he was sleep walking" "Maybe he didn't know what he was doing". Of course the sleepwalking thing is out there, but I was little. I didn't understand much of it, and didn't want to believe that he actually thought that stuff about me. I'm 22 now. I work with people with memory loss and dementia. Lately this thought has been floating around that maybe he had some form of dementia and that was why it happened. Although I know it isn't the case. Tldr.I quit justifying my grandpa's actions 10 years ago and its starting to happen again. Anyone else have a gap like this?
I've been told that I'm pretty messed up by friends and family. I'm 23 years old and from age 6-17 I was abused physically and sexually by my step dad. Everytime I'd fight his advances or disobeyed him in anyway he'd beat me. I told my mother multiple times, told my grandparents (only people to believe me and for that my mom kept them away from me for 2 years), even resorted to running away from home to get some help and she manipulated family/police that I was lying. To keep her flow of pills coming she basically let him do whatever he felt like to my sister and I. It's been 6 years yet I constantly think about butchering him and my mother. I honestly don't know which one I hate more, him for what he did to me and my sister, or my mother for sitting back getting high and leaving her kids to suffer. The few people I told my anger to told me it's messed up to want to kill my mother, messed up to want to kill anyone. I've even had someone tell me it's not the bad and get over it. I tried to make peace and move on but my mother still keeps him around after everything he did to us. Am I really messed up? Is it normal to hope everyday that the both of them overdose?
My boyfriend has been amazing for the two years we've been together. He has been supportive of me, stuck with me and tried to help and comfort me when I was having increased issues with my ptsd. I haven't told him or hinted at what caused it. I told him via text that I was willing to tell him in person about it. And he said he is curious to know. TldrHave you ever felt like they didn't actually want to know because they care, but they were merely curious? That once they actually find out, they wish they didn't know? 
Inbox me on Reddit to find out please.
My brother (28M) and I (26M) recently got into an argument. Now he wants "nothing to do with me", verbatim from his mouth. To give a little background, my brother has always been very protective, but critical of me. In our younger days he forced me to do typical chores around the house, bossed me around (i.e. fetching him a glass of water, cleaning up after his mess, etc.) and threatening/hitting me on a regular basis. Name calling, like f*g, r*tard, stupid, worthless, weak, p*ssy, etc. was commonplace. I never spoke up or fought back, primarily because I was taught to respect my brother and elders (I am of Asian American Descent). Things have gotten better as we got older. I began to see him as a friend, though the occasional bossing around and name calling still happens, but I know he's got good intentions. He supported me after college for a few months until I found a well paying full time position. I moved in with him to help pay off his mortgage (mom recently put a downpayment for his first home). During this time, I got offered my dream position with a great company in a different state, but was told not to leave from my parents and brother who convinced me I was being selfish and nearsighted about the future. This caused some drama, but eventually I decided not to take it to appease my family. Afterwards, he got married and I moved out to my own place. Things got better again in our relationship for a while, but I really lost my cool yesterday and got into an argument that turned physical in front of family and strangers. We were coming back from a family trip to Cancun and our seats were separated on our way back. I was sitting in the back and my mother, father, sis-in-law and brother were sitting together up towards the front. When the plane landed, they went directly to customs without letting me know. I got off the plane and couldn't find them. I waited around since we had only one customs form and my phone was dead - assuming they went to the bathroom. Eventually I ran to customs to find them in line. After sprinting to them I asked them why they left without letting me know. My brother got upset with this question and began calling me names in front of our mother and a line full of strangers, calling me immature, stupid and a p*ssy for thinking this way and not going straight to customs. I tried to explain to him why I brought it up, but he shoved me (pretty lightly, he's not a strong/big guy) and continued belittling my character and thought process. Eventually I straightened up (I've been working out and box on a regular basis for the past few years and am about a head taller than him) and told him it was not okay to do that. He proceeded to continue arguing and told me to "f---- off" and that he was "done with me and never to call him again". I was hurt by his words, since I thought we were friends, but still upset that he would not respect my boundaries. I feel very guilty and am wondering if I need to apologize to him. I want to maintain a relationship with him, but when he told me never to call him again I feel that I have no choice now. Please help and be blunt, I respect my older brother and consider him one of my best friends and have never in my adult/teenage years did anything purposely to upset him. I care about him and his new family (he is recently married to a wonderful woman) and want to continue a relationship, but also want to ensure that I protect myself from his hurtful actions in the future as well. I can't help but imagine my future child or his future kid seeing this behavior from us and thinking this is acceptable behavior between two people that care about each other.TL;DR: brother(28m) and I(26m) got into a physical confrontation after a miscommunication. I asked him to respect my boundaries and he told me to F off. Now he wants nothing to do with me.
Hi everyone, I'm currently a grad student abroad (I love travelling), and have been reflecting on the constant worry, and hurt inside that I have felt. The only time it's gone away in the past is when I found a relationship to lose myself in. I realize that's unhealthy behavior, so I've been trying to come to love myself more. This is very difficult for reasons I don't really understand. As background, I was emotionally abused by my alcoholic father for the first 18 years of my life, physically abused on one occasion, and when he was drunk he would repetitively tell me things like "You're worthless and you won't amount to anything." Dude is definitely wrong about that, but the memory still hurts as well as many others that occasionally pop into my head. The feelings my neglectful parents caused in me really affects my relationships with other people and it concerns me. I really need to find some kind of resolution, but I don't know what to do. I'm going to seek a new therapist when I get back to the states this August who specializes in parental abuse.  I don't want this to hold me back any longer in my life. I am simply asking for thoughts and considerations, thanks for yalls time. W 

Ok, so like the title says, I can't tell if I was emotionaly abused, or if I'm an idiot just overreacting.Ok, when I was a kid I was really hyper and chatty. I was told to shut up and sit down a lot, and then when I was quite, they asked what the hell was wrong with me and to stop moping around. Even now, grown up, they tell me that I am too quite and that no regular person acts like I do. When I went to an adult in my family about how something hurts me, like eating pickles and olives, they would say to stop being an attention seeking idiot and force me to eat them. I still flinch at the smell of pickles.They would tell me about what kind of person I couldn't be like, such as a "fag" (I like men and  women, so I spent quite a bit of my teenage years confused and scared about the attraction), and would go on and on about it being "unnatural".When I said something had made me sad or angry, they said it couldn't possibly affect me like that, and that I should get my priorities straight (that still sounds wrong), I'm still having problems telling my own feelings. Also, when I was younger and told someone something, they would tell me I already told them that. I would think that I hadn't, but apparently to them I did. I learnt that they said it to get me to shut up and leave them alone. My head is still messed up and I can't tell if I already told someone something, or am i just bothering them with old news.Sorry bout the long post, but I honestly can't tell if this is emotional abuse, or if I am just overreacting about things that happened.
I am living in a shared house. There is a very controlling and nasty girl. She picks me on by telling me things such as that I drop water onto the floor. However, I recognize other residents do so as well. In addition, there are many other problems in the house such as that some hair are scattered on the floor and in the sink and that the plate in the microwave is not washed after someone heats pizzas (I had to wash the place with hardened and smelly cheese :(). I am deeply confused because she doesn't complain about the above other problems, but complains only about spilled water on the floor. It will dry out later, though. We don't have a towel at the washstand and a bathmat in the bathroom; therefore, it cannot be helped that water is dropped after you wash your hands at the washstand or after you take a shower and your sandals are wet (usually you wear sandals in a bathroom at a youth hostel, guest house or shared house because the bathroom floor is not clean and in order to avoid Athlete's foot, right?). I feel very uncomfortable when she targets me, verbally attacks and bullies me as if I am a problem to the house. I feel hurt and disgraced. How can I protect myself against her abuses?(Also, she sticks don't-do-this-notices to many places, which is very bothering. She sounds that she is a protector of the house and that she is not making any problems. But I am sure  she once in a while soils some places or make troubles :P)I am sure you interacted with this I-am-perfect type of constantly grumbling bitter person at one or more points in your life. How did you cope with them?

Hi all! I'm new to this subreddit so please bear with me if I say something that sounds odd. This is kind of a long post but I ask whoever's reading this to be sensitive and don't make jokes or say "have you tried counselling lol" because trust me, that's not what I want to hear right now. I am 18 years old and I am an only child. I live with my mother and my father. For years my mother has hit me and done horrible things to me, but only when she is angry does she fly into sort of fits of psychotic rage. Other times, she cares for me properly like any other mother would. I once brought up the fact that she is inflicting "child abuse" on me but she replied "is child abuse the fact that we leave you every morsel of food, every last bit of money goes to you and your education/social life and that we are always there for you?" My point is, I don't know if certain occurrences of horrible abuse can justify the pain that has stuck with me for years even though she has loved me appropriately when the abuse is not happening.A few occurrences of abuse were when: 1. When I was extremely young, I didn't know what chewing gum was and I had swallowed a piece that was given to me even though she had specified not to. My mother had proceeded to hit the back of my head repeatedly, so hard that I couldn't see for a while after in hopes that "it would come back up"2. I don't remember what crime I had committed as a young child but my mother decided to punish me by locking me up into the storage room of our house for over 2 hours. I was stuck in a room full of old clothes, shoes, appliances and pitch black darkness until I screamed and begged for her to let me out. 3. I was late to a playdate with a friend because my mother was watching her favourite TV show. When I told her we were going to be late and started to whine and bother about it, she proceeded to throw a chair at my face which left a huge scratch down my forehead - needless to say, I had to cancel that playdate. 4. During a playdate, my mother noticed my friend had been "bullying" me and that I was crying and couldn't stand up for myself. Instead of helping me, she came home and beat me for hours and called me "weak" and when my father came home from work he couldn't believe that I choked on my own tears and couldn't breathe for an extended period of time. After making sure that I was okay, we sat down for dinner and my mother proceeded to throw a hot dish right at my face. We didn't talk for a few days. 5. On yet another playdate, my mother saw that I had gotten my pants and shoes a bit muddy and when I came home I looked somewhat disheveled. I asked her to wash my clothes and what she did was rub the mud on my body and on my face (I wasn't wearing clothes then because again, I was a child) and told me to clean them up myself. My mother has beaten me countless times and has episodes of fury and anger when once she threw a sharp object at my laptop because I slammed my mouse down in frustration (don't remember over what), and my laptop broke. My father had to get me a new one and we're not the richest family out there. Her rule of life is tough love towards me, and it is very apparent.I don't want to sound arrogant but I don't want to complain. I am currently socially adept and get amazing grades, got accepted into a great university and have made enough money to give myself a great future as long as I work hard. However, I can't seem to put my past behind me. If anyone could help give me some advice or share some personal experiences or anything that would be helpful, I thank you.I have never seeked help or called the police or anything like that. I am currently seeing someone who accepts my flaws and would like to get married soon but don't want to jeopardize my career. I just really want to get out of this house. Sorry for the long post and thank you to everyone who is considerate enough to read and help me. 
When I was younger I was very, very mentally ill, and so I spent some time inpatient at a psychiatric hospital/eating disorders clinic. During my stay I was given a depot injection against my will, which made me feel very fatigued and weakened my muscles significantly.This is where things get potentially weird (well, weirder): One of the nurses there, an older woman, came to my room one night and informed me that she was going to help me take a shower. She proceeded to lead me into a little shower area and, after lathering a washcloth with soap, rubbed the washcloth across my ass, my breasts, and directly between my legs/over my vagina. I don't remember feeling violated at the time--I just assumed that it was normal, because she was a nurse and I was a patient--but, in retrospect, I'm not sure if what she did was sexual abuse, or if it was just a typical nursing procedure.  Is it normal for a nurse to randomly lead a patient into a shower and then wash their genitals? What makes me wonder about this incident is that, although I was definitely very weak, I wasn't so weakened that I couldn't guide a washcloth across my own private areas: I only needed her to be there to assist me in case I fell. I don't remember if her bare hands ever touched me--I don't think so--but this whole situation strikes me as odd, and confusing. I feel embarrassed about bringing it up to anyone in real life, because I don’t want them to think that I’m making something out of nothing.Thank you so much for reading this. 
Found this subreddit and decided to ask a couple of questions. First off I am 21F living with her parents (51F and 58M) and was raised in an Asian household. But I want to know if some of the things my parents do would be considered abuse:-They constantly verbally threaten me -They have threatened to lock me out of the house-They told me I'm worthless and stupid -They read my private Facebook messages-they get scared if I say anything about calling policeI'm just wondering if this fits the criteria for emotional abuse and where I should go for help. I'm currently trying to set up financial aid to go overseas to live with my bf (22M).
I'm a 19-year-old female who's mother has been emotionally abusive. She's a dry drunk (says she is sober 12 years) who took many different drugs before I was born, so her sense of right and wrong is off. My family has always supported her because she is 'getting help' by being in AA. I recently told her that I no longer want her as a part of my life because she tried to blame my 12-year-old brother for her 50-year-old boyfriend pushing my brother and grabbing his neck. I won't go into too much detail so that I don't have a giant text block here. Anyway, recently my great-grandmother came to town. She asked me how my mom is, so I had to explain to her what's going on. She had no idea. Often my family tried to shoot the messenger so to speak. My great aunt said "Well you can't just agree to disagree!?" That seems to be their generally feeling about things. I won't agree to disagree with anything that will hurt my brother. I will always fight for him, but I'm not sure how to deal with comments like that or how to go about spending time with family when it is possible that she might be there. I've tried asking who is going to be there to try to avoid her. They tell me that is unexpectable behavior and lie about if she or her boyfriend is there or not. Any advice is helpful. Thanks for listening/reading. 

My wife repeatedly will tell me I'm stupid everyday, or at least everyday. She will tell me I'm not acting like a man when I don't argue back. The. When I do she will tell me I'm a coward for arguing with a woman, that I'm too sensitive and I shouldn't be such a pussy- princess- little girl- almost anything else you can think of. She almost smiles sometimes when she sees how defeated I am. I just shrug it off as her being head strong and aggressive. But....Today I bought a Gatorade and some ice (I work outside all day) - and before we go further, I make around 60k a year. Give or take. So my 4.50$ I spent made angry. She text me and said "why are you spending money on things!? Your so stupid we don't have the money to be buying extra things..." I argued and said its so little why be so angry about it. She called me and said I was a liar she knows I didn't buy what I said I did. I should know better. She isn't as stupid as I am, she knows better... Etc etcThis is just the most recent incident. She has punched me in the face a few times. Told me to get out of our house. Told me to leave or get used to how she is. I am 26, so is she. We have been married for 2 1/2 years. Together since 2011 late- early 2012. We have 2 kids, one is 3 the other is just turning 4 months. I don't know how to approach this- I was told by a friend it's verbal abuse... But even if it is and I am not just being a pussy, how do I approach this? How do you say stop without it turning into violence or make her pay attention and realize it's abuse. And yes she has threatened calling the cops on me if I didn't leave, I say what would they do? I didn't do anything wrong. And she said she would tell them I was hitting her. Ideas and thoughts are appreciated. Ps I would rather save my family the hurt of divorce- it's a last resort for me. Thank you all. 
This woman, let's say Morgan is 18, is in a relationship for two years. All's good in the relationship for a year but the guy 19 was sexually abused by his uncle. The guy takes the uncle to court, this causes the guy to stress out and causes a strain on their relationship. Morgan comes from a abusive family that had slowly fixed themselves for the most part. A year goes by with the some actions taken against her. When the unthinkable happens: a man that she trusted, drugged her then raped her. Her boyfriend thinks that she wasn't raped and cheats and pushes her around and emotionally and mentally breaks her down. He tracks her with his phone and tells her to never turn it off. Her threatens her but makes it seem like it's coming from a good place. December comes around, she's hit and shoved by him and tells a few people who do nothing about it because they have known the guy longer than her, and disbelieve her and joke with her about it. She goes on a break from the guy but the problem is that the guy is trusted by her fault, has keys to her house (parents house) and the code to her house. A few months go by and she tells one more person, myself. She shows me the bruises and I tell her that she should leave him and to call the cops. She says she wants to wait. they told one another that if things didn't feel right after taking a case against the guy that raped her that they'd go their separate ways. But that she has also tried to break up with him multiple times, but he said he'd hurt himself. Unfortunately the guy and Morgan already planned to go to the same college. I stay in contact with her and make sure she is not getting hurt again. We go out a few times and we have a connection things progress very quickly. When an event for a friend's birthday comes up. She goes with me and we have a good time, however the guy asks her what she is doing and demands to know. He tracks her down and to everyone there it's obvious that she is scared. She's shaking and trying to hold tears back. He forcefully escorts her away from the party but not away from our group of friends we wouldn't allow it. He takes her to his car, looks through her bank account and where she's spent money. Talks to her, we can't hear. We leave with her in our car. The guy texts her and is degrading her, threatening her. I tell him not to do that, and to leave her alone and that she's crying. He says good. He calms down after she stops responding to him. She goes home with a friend and she calms her down and tries to talk to her about it. A month passes, the guy still emotionally and mentally abuses her. I tell her to cut ties go to the cops go to her parents and go to his parents (all at once or all at separate times). She doesn't want to destroy the guys future she thinks she's the problem. One night she comes to my place and we both pass out. She never turns her tracker off, she can't otherwise the guy well show up our try to find her and hurt her when he does, she has to lilie to her parents and the guy to come over.  We sleep for to too long, he calls everyone her mom her friends and any family. He goes to where I live and can't find us, not that we are hiding. She freaks out when she realizes her phone was off, she runs to her car never seeing the guy. Her parents are pissed they do what any parent would do when their kid lies to them. The guy shows up and the parents never being told about him being abusive by her just tell him to go easy on her. He yells at her and her mom tells him to go away and not talk to her for a month. He tells her to die, but keeps trying to be with her. She is losing hope. She tries to stop talking with me but the guy is too abusive she tries to hurt herself and she didn't like being away from me. Now the guy threatens her by saying if he ever finds out about me and her he'd put me and her in the hospital. She pushes away hard saying she can't let me get hurt and she wants to try to help him get better. I'm at my wits end and help some help. Please, how can I save this girl? What can I do to help her, I have little to no proof she has it all and won't come forward. Advice answers something
Apologies for the vague title. I honestly don't really know what to say and leave out. I'll be cross posting this to a couple subreddits, check my post history if you want to know which ones. This is really hard to write since there's a lot, throwaway for obvious reasons. I'm a 15 year old asian (non-mainland Chinese) female. Rising high school junior.My mom is the main problem. She claims she doesn't want fights, but she's the one who says something to anger me, even if she starts yelling first. Once she asked me where tissue boxes like [these](http://popsop.com/wp-content/uploads/cleenex.jpg) were at, since we got them for free somewhere and were 'fancier' than usual. When I said I didn't know, she assumed I was guilty of taking them (even though they were tissues, which I didn't care for) and made that face everyone does when they get mad and snapped for me to give them back (even though I never had them). Another time, it was early morning I was drawing on a canvas in my room and my mom came in to see what I was doing since I tend to sleep in. She saw what happened, went "Oh.", and went downstairs, only to yell up that I had to clean my room. It was relatively clean at that point, and really seemed like she was doing that to pick a fight.Every time my dad isn't home, she tells me that if I don't clean my room, she'll go in and throw everything away, which she once did with my clothes and quite a bit of other stuff, including school issued textbooks. That was a Friday during the school year, so I took all of it back while both my parents were at work. She has yelled at me to the point I wanted to stay home from school, and there was one time it got really, really bad. I don't remember why, but she just started screaming at the top of her lungs while crying until her voice was hoarse that she was "sorry if I am a bad mother" (this is because she always says I treat her like a criminal, villain, etc., because I get mad at her since she always snaps at me for forgetting to put dishes in the sink, yelling that I had never cleaned my room in the years I've been alive, even though I have cleaned them up only for stuff to pile up later - typically to spite her when she yells at me, etc.). There was a previous post I had where [she threatened to beat me](https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/4gv5ou/my_mom_just_threatened_to_beat_me/).For background, she's a nurse working at a non-profit for retirement age people with neurodegenerative diseases and/or need physical help. She complains a lot about them, like how her coworkers and some of the residents eat unhealthily, don't do their work properly, etc. Funny thing is that she texts and even goes out with some of them occasionally. She will never, ever yell or reprimand in public in the same manner she does at home (with threats and insults), and titters politely, smiles, acts prim an proper, etc. when she needs to meet my friends' parents, teachers, and family.My dad is problematic in a different way. He's probably one of the nicest people you'll ever meet. Loves kids, tells me and my siblings stories about growing up, etc. But he infantilizes me. Nothing is ever my fault, if I say something remotely intellectual he either goes "Mhm" or "Wow, that's so interesting" (the latter typically if I win an award - which is rarely - or make a painting or something), unless he's asking me about English grammar/vocab, and takes my older sister much more seriously. I'll leave out examples since this post is really long already. He basically treats me like I'm still a baby, while my mom literally tells me I'm not a baby anymore and need to act responsible.My sister is acting like a spoiled brat after getting into her dream college, even though the safety my parents had deposited for (we live in the town of the safety) had programs ranked significantly higher (#200 vs. Top 100, 800 vs. Top 50) in her two intended majors, the latter being computer science. Once she got sauce on my shirt sleeve and I pointed it out to her. I do this often and usually get a "Sorry", which is reasonable and expected. This time I get "What do you want me to do about it?" and that time she proved just how smart she was by saying algae was bad for ocean ecosystems because "algae takes oxygen out of the water" or similar. This, in addition to pressure from friends to continue being nice to two ex friends (one laughed at a racist insult directed at me, another has a complicated situation). Also, quote from other post. "My older sibling dealt with depression and cut as well, so clearly the problem with her parenting isn't just me. I tried to hang myself in October, a couple days after my birthday. My parents sent me to therapy, but instead of it going on for months like with my sibling, I convinced the counselor in 2 meetings that I was totally fine."This condescension and belittling I have gotten has led me to try and hang myself (read the post I linked to), and essentially tanked my grades. I want to try and get into an elite school (MIT, for civil engineering and philosophy, likely ethics). And no, my parents didn't even pressure me into wanting to. This is something I decided myself. But the way I've been treated led to me getting a C in French III and a B in AP European History, Algebra II, and AP Studio Art 2D this year. I was unprepared for the art class, mainly because the other classmates intimidated me and my parents caused/exacerbated my depression. I've asked around, and literally almost 1/2 of the 22 taking French III had a D or below on the midterm. We are required to write a 1.5 page double spaced essay twice every quarter, memorize it, then write it out in class. Our French teacher is very good, but has an outdated teaching style I dislike, which was made even more insufferable by being first thing in the morning and constant fighting with my mom. Euro I had an 89 in, and Algebra II will take too long to explain.I had been hoping to take a lot of AP exams to try and get college credit for them and get AP State Scholar (I live in a competitive state). There was a huge fiasco that involved me getting called out of class, with the admins telling me it was ridiculous to try and do it, and my suffering grades only worsened it. I ended up taking Euro, self studying two other easy ones, and Stats. I know stats isn't great to self study even though it's an easy class, but I may want to do something that requires me to get at least a 3 on all "math elective" AP's (CompSci and Stats) by senior year, so I figured I'd try and get it out of the way. I didn't have the time to self study because of the stress causing procrastination, and while I think I did great in Euro and fine in the other two, I'm hoping for a 3, expecting a 2 on Stats. My mom also said I couldn't take as many exams as I wanted even if I paid, and when I asked if I could if I got straight A's next year, she said "we'll see", so essentially that has gone down the drain as well.I'm planning on self studying Trigonometry/Pre-Calc so I can take Calc AB as a juniot and BC as a senior. Too bad my mom is constantly needling me about cleaning my room, and I struggle paying attention when she finally goes to work and leaves me alone. I'm taking a class online this summer that requires a textbook. When I told my parents I wanted to buy a book, they asked what kind. I said a textbook since they tend to get confused if I say what it was for. They asked me why I needed it so I just said never mind. I still don't have it, and the class ends in two weeks. I also wanted to study for the AMC and some physics stuff for fun, but once again got denied it since I "don't need a textbook since it's summer". I also wanted to do more art and writing, but I've been stagnating for such a long time, it's hard to get into the swing of things. My parents (and I) want me to get a job, but no one has even answered when I sent in an application. It's not like I've won any awards from Scholastic, and I haven't even won a round in debate (we go to very few, plus the real coach stepped aside, another long story). I look horrible on paper, and while this may be me blaming it on others, I honestly feel like it's mainly my parents' fault.My unweighted GPA is very low for any elite school, plus my class rank is lowered for getting B's while people taking easy dual enrolled classes like marketing will increase theirs. My chances at getting AP State Scholar, doing well on the AMC, even testing out of Trig to get into Calc all seem extremely low. I haven't written or drawn/painted anything for Scholastic Art and Writing, and the joy has been sucked out of everything except browsing Reddit, watching YouTube, and playing games on my phone. The one thing I was looking forward to during the school year was the statewide humanities program I had applied to until I got rejected while a bunch of people I know with better grades and national level awards from **middle school** got in (this was a partner program for STEM). There were different tracks within the program, mostly on the 2016 election, which I've been following almost since it started. The one girl who got into the humanities program literally doesn't give a shit about it. She picked something related to medical ethics since she wants to be a doctor. SHE LITERALLY WANTS TO BE A FUCKING DOCTOR. SHE DOESN'T GIVE A SHIT ABOUT THE HUMANITIES, BUT SHE WENT THERE ANYWAY. I WANTED MORE THAN ANYTHING TO GET OUT OF THIS SHITHOLE I'VE BEEN ROTTING IN AND STUDY SOMETHING I LOVE BUT I GOT REJECTED ANYWAY, WHILE THIS PREPPY BITCH WHO'S PARENTS MAKE TWICE MINE AND GO ON VACATION EVERY SUMMER WHILE I SIT AT HOME GETS TO DO SOMETHING SHE DOESN'T CARE ABOUT TO PAD HER COLLEGE APPLICATION.Before anyone points out my flaws, I know. I know I anger quickly, and I shouldn't do things out of spite, and I shouldn't try and get into an elite college just because it's an elite college. For the first two, I can't say much. For the latter, I've looked and 'researched', I guess, into what it's like at MIT. That's one of the few colleges I know I'd love to go to, along with a handful of others (mostly non-elite).This is in no way all that's happened, and I'll be happy to elaborate in the comments, or even write a separate post explaining everything I didn't get to here. But honestly, given this information, what do I do? I don't want people to know I have depression, because I'm already treated like a child. However, I do want help, if for no other reason than to explain to colleges why I look awful on paper (no, of course that isn't the only reason, but it's a major one). If at all possible, can I let people know the situation I'm in without dealing with getting handled like a baby from depression? (I can assure you, my depression is almost directly from my parents. If the fighting and belittling stops, I will be significantly happier.)**tl;dr** Mom picks fights, yells, etc., while dad treats me like a baby. Sister is acting like a brat, among other pressures. Grades tanked  due to stress and pressure from parents. All plans I made for the summer/improve myself academically over the summer fell through because of my parents denying me access to materials or making it hard for me to focus on my studies, and essentially discourage me from doing well academically while berating me for not doing well. What do I do to get help?
Hi, I'm new here, but I thought I'd ask for your thoughts.I had been very close friends with this woman (we'll call her Ashley) for around 7 years. She never had too much luck with the whole dating scene, but ended up finding a guy (we'll call him Justin) through online dating. Their relationship moved extremely fast and presented a lot of red flags, such as:He convinced her to move in with him after they had known each other for less than a month. This is when he also started talking about marriage. He's been engaged-then-separated at least twice already.He picks fights with her friends over the most mundane things, such as dietary choices, then tries to guilt them into "getting along" with him because "that's the only way Ashley will be happy."He claims to be a "Dom" often, yet is either unfamiliar with, or disregards, basic BDSM safety practices. He actually fought with me over the 50 Shades series, defending the abusive behaviours depicted in the book that I had criticized.He retroactively acts as if he "already knew" things, even if the conversation leading up to that point indicated that he had no idea what he was talking about.He tried to "rehabilitate" a mutual friend (we'll call her Sasha) who had just gotten out of a bad D/s relationship by using controlling tactics to make her "not think about sex." He would tell Ashley and I off if we so much as made an innuendo in Sasha's presence. This was harmful to Sasha, causing her to distance herself from Ashley and Justin. He convinced Ashley to drop her as a friend and completely cut off contact (even though she was one of Ashley's "best friends") because she hadn't answered a call or responded to a text in a week.If any of Ashley's friends showed any sign of disliking Justin, he would distance her from them and convince her that they were toxic.Furthermore, he has always disrespected me even though I tried giving him an honest chance. He made threats to my partner (with whom he has NEVER interacted) and passed them off as "jokes." When I would make a (non-abrasive) joke he didn't understand, he would shun me like a dog and call me crazy.Once I finally got the balls to warn Ashley of the red flags I was seeing in Justin, she responded by accusing me of saying bad things about him on the internet. Them she said something along the lines of "can't you see that by hurting him you're only hurting me? I wish you would stop. He's the love of my life and you're just going to have to get used to it. You and I need time and space apart." Both Ashley and Justin blocked me from their social media accounts after this point.A few weeks later (after realizing she wouldn't answer my calls and giving her a bit of space), I sent Ashley a text apologizing for hurting her, but reinforcing that I felt she deserved better than someone who would change her and pick fights with her friends. I assured her I wasn't trying to split them up, but that I still very much care for her as a friend and offered to be there if she ever decided she wanted to talk to me again.She responded with "You just burned your last bridge. Never contact me again." Then Justin sent me a text saying "If you were a real friend you'd not be putting her at risk for a seizure based upon your dislike of me."This felt disgusting to me. I felt like he was trying to shift blame away from himself by making me out to be the "bad guy." I also felt like he was trying to guilt me into thinking I was just making all of this up.I just don't know what to think at this point. I am in so much pain after losing a friend of 7 years to a boy she's known for less than 4 months. And it kills me to know that she has lost her other "best friend" since meeting this guy... all while her family thinks he's wonderful.Am I crazy, or is his behaviour abusive/borderline? And how should I treat this situation if I run into it in the future, so that I don't cause something else catastrophic?
Going to jump right in...I guess I will put up this story for people to know why I might come of as someone messed up. I will do it shortly, I don't care to explain it all. At least though, my mind is starting to get what being shocked is like again, because I feel inside my head being shocked thinking about it (so yay, emotions might get free). I've experienced a lot of shit, and honestly because of some issues the last years, I have had trouble recalling a lot of my life since I was 5 years old. It probably started because I refused to accept being treated differently than my siblings. They hated me for being treated better also, but I couldn't stand it. ...I have had my arm damaged, been beaten, shit like that. My siblings was thrown on the street one or two times. I have been in childcare after I was beaten almost blind, saw red for a day, you know blood in my eyes. ._.I have always been a stubborn bastard, and always fought for what I believe is right. Saving a dying fish from bullies (among one thing), or standing up and calling people out on them treating others different. However, I also was shy as hell, and awkward. So... being different and weird as hell, I was bullied. One time a whole class in the 7th grade buried me in snow (yay... I was in 4th grade at the time I think, my memory is quite hazy though). From 1st grade I was able to steal candy and toys without getting caught, and I teached other kids how to do this as well... (um, bad influence I suppose. But then again, we didn't actually get money back home like other kids). My parents, or should I say my father, was a control freak, so unless he was with us, we couldn't get anything. ._.I wanted dinos and animals, they gave me barbies and creepy as hell porcelain dolls and worst of all... pink stuff... (never said anything, but started telling them around my teens I don't like pink, and thank the gods they stopped giving me dolls... maybe a hint that I did not play with them much). I recall wanting to go to see dinos all the time, or astronomi, but no... only fun my father wanted us to have. :|If he decided something then it was fine, so that kinda pissed me off. What's wrong with giving their kids a dino? Or understanding when their kids say they rather want dragons stuff than a princess stuff and flat out refuse new toys if it is princess like (jupp, I was gutsy and stood up to my father a lot, and trust me I can not be bought).Anyways... so my father is a control freak, and always will be. He always had anger issues, and he was an actor. Could pretend everything was good to the merry old world (or even pay his way out of problems). My siblings leach of him for money, I prefer no help from them, but I accept it when necessary these days. Need to survive. ._.So physical abuse would be being beaten and shit like that, though I would get out without them noticing. They focused their aggression mostly on my siblings which probably had a worse time. My sister especially. Sigh.My sister hated me when we were young and tried attacking me with an axe, so I locked the door. 7-8 years old I think. I have had my father at my door with an axe as well, or crowbar, because hey.. they the grown ups, could not clean their own freaking dishes after their meal. I used to make my own meals, so did my siblings, from quite a young age. My father chained the fridge so people wouldn't eat without his consent... that sorta bullshit. So when I moved away at 19, I was hoping to rehabilitate myself on my own. However, that did not happen. I was living on my own, but my sister wanted us to move together in our hometown, so... thing goes to hell as she gives up, so I am stuck living there again. I get into sever depression, but I somehow pull through and move away after a year or two. I never plan to move back, but my father tried to force me to stay up north two summers ago, I guess they want a "slave servant" or something, and I fucking freak out as he refused to pay my ticket back home or give me the money for the work I did in his firm. I get a total freak out, and as he and my sister tries to stop me, I fucking flee into the woods. I walk 2 mile in around 4 hours just walking of my rage (and worst of all, I fucking got my period walking so I had to buy sanitary pads). Figures after 2 miles I feel to fucked, in my fucking period cramps, and I decide to get my father to pick me up, and when he does and still refuse to get me my ticket back, I starve and refuse to leave the room for a week. He gives in, and let me go, paying me and such. After that I looked for work where I now lived. But as I tend to have a delayed reaction, the month after, my mind just broke down. I was severly depressed, and stuck in bed for two months at least, used up all my money. When I was good enough to get out of bed, I had problems recalling my life. ...Yeah...My mind feels like it is frozen, and I suppose, it tries to shield me. So... kinda fucked up at the moment. Though, I am starting to recall stuff again lately. :) Like my 1st grade teachers name... it's a step. My mind feels calmer, but I still feel like I am a free falling bastard, and that my mind is sorta a mess still. I suffer headache to, which started around when I moved back home again, but that could also be partly because of a ufo tape I found. The headache is bad when I try to recall things like from the abduction, but sorta... when I try to recall my life it acts out to. So I guess that is why my mind looked away my memories as they caused my mind to get worse headache from the stress. So... I guess, I have survived abuse, though, it might still happen. I don't visit my family much... I feel kinda bad for my mom living alone with him... :|And my brother has gotten violent. Sometimes, when I am completely stressed out, or feel headache, I can get angry. It's tiresome. Sometimes I lash at people for no reason, but I feel most like I scorn myself. I have issues doing the thing I love because my mind feel frozen. Writing books. My creative side has gotten a major hit because of the issues I have developed because of this. There is a lot of things I don't bother typing down, but I guess, I just want it out there. I feel hostile to people in general, and I don't want that. The first time I moved away, I felt like I could work out my issues somehow, but it goes so slow these days after my second time moving out. It's troublesome if I can't relax.I never had anyone though... always alone. My sister is a drug junkie, so is probably my brother, my family in general only cares about money. The only one I like is my drunk grandma (who beat the crap of her kids when she was young). People most just care for money or themselves, so... I also resort to making people hate me or dislike me. I don't like having to deal with people. Friends, family... violence... always violence... I don't like violence, but I have always been forced to deal with it, fight... like kicking for my life as a kid (best defense position if an big person tries to beat you). My legs are strong as hell. There was seriously all out war in our house as kids. Mostly it was mental torture, but it was pure abuse as well with bruising and harmed bones. I never was to the doc except one time when I was 1-2 years. My forhead was almost ripped of, like I got 7 stiches I think. I believe that should have made the docs worried. I have a scar that I am sure Harry Potter stole from me (lol). It's hardly as visible. There are so many things though, I hardly can find words to describe any of it. It's sorta overwhelming when I think of it. I feel restless. Recalling the days I hide under a bed and my father, unable to see in the dark luckily not finding me even though he stared right at me when he came up to beat me for not wanting dinner. Yes that's right... I wanted to eat better food than hotdogs. ._.I was their "wonder child", though whenever someone treat me different, I shot them down.When I was young I had blue eyes and blond hair, so they were nicer to me than my siblings. Thankfully my colors changed. Thank you for your time. 
I was 5 when my grandfather began molesting me. I remember him carrying me to his bed and putting my hand on his crotch, and him making me strip for him. I was 10 when I told. The last day I remember very well. I was staying with him alone so he could help me edit a story I was writing for a contest. He rubbed his hands all over my chest and back. Then he forced my clothes off and made me skinny dip in the pool. I remember him telling me that he liked seeing me naked, but not to tell anyone that. He held me on his lap in the pool. I locked myself in the bathroom and cried. I eventually had to leave though and the abuse continued. I finally went home and got the courage to tell someone. Fast forward to when he got out od prison. I fell into a severe depression,  I cut myself a ton, I was in the hospital all the time, etc. I lost faith in God (I'm a Christian). I went to a camp and it steered my life back. Ive been on a good path since. But im still psranoid and have ptsd.
Hey guys. I've been feeling depressed lately because my dad hasn't been treating me with as much respect as he gives to my sister and mother. He's verbally and emotionally harassed me, (e.g calling me a dickhead, douchebag, and asshole) while everyone was around, and at one point in time he gave me a hard kick in the knee because I wouldn't wake up. I'm 13 years old and male. My mom doesn't give a shit and neither does my sister and it hurts. We've never had a strong father-son bond and when I look at my friend's connection with their dads it makes me want to cry. I have no idea what the fuck I did wrong and it's starting to fuck with my head. I've cried myself to sleep many times because of it. In addition to that, my sister (16) takes my stuff without asking and when I try to do something about it my parents step in and take her side, completely neglecting the fact that it's mine.  She has a few mental illnesses but nothing serious. She gets treated like gold by my parents, which is bullshit because she's lazy as fuck, won't get a job, has no eyes for the future, and failed one of her courses, but refuses to take an online course or go to summer school. It almost feels like nobody in my family likes my very existence so I started smoking weed, drinking and having suicidal thoughts. The only people that know of this are friends of mine. I've thought about contacting CPS but I don't know if this is a good enough excuse to contact them for. I haven't been disrespecting my dad in any way so what the hell did I do wrong? The only person I've disrespected intentionally was my sister for starting shit with me. 
I'm 19 and when I was younger my mother beat me as a consequence. Today my mom's reaction to my little brother (12 years old, possibly autistic since I'm autistic and we share similar symptoms) pantsing and hitting my nephew was to hit him several times on the head with a plastic container she had in her hands until he fell to the ground and started to kick him several times. I told her why she was kicking for and she all she did was explain what my brother did as if the kicking was justified.    I want to call CPS but I don't what the outcome will be. When I was younger and my mom beated me I told her that I would call the police and all she did was disregard it and told my brothers and sisters what I said. Then my brothers and sisters had a talk with me explaining what I said was "wrong" and that she is my mother.    My brother came into my room several minutes after my mother hit him and he was really upset. He told me "she needs anger management classes". We both started crying. Her beats have had a negative effect on me and probably also had a negative effect on my brother as well. I don't know what to do since I currently don't work and I'm attending college full time and if call CPS my family might disown me.
I am a 23 year old male, i have been violated by my father since i was a kid and it still goes on today, not sexually . but physical abuse ,verbal abuse and psychological abuse. i live in his house, and if i talk back or don't do things like he wants me to . then i will get beaten , he will rip my clothes, destroy things i own,even spit on me and kick me out . i pay rent here every month by the way which is the same amount of money i would rent a room anywhere , the reason why i haven't moved out is because they always want you to pay in advance like 2 months and i can't afford it because i have bills to pay and im just in trouble financially. i buy my own food, my own clothes and i am independent ,, the only problem is , is that i live with him and my mom. they hate me , i hate them and i have expressed that a million times . there's always drama around here and they try to make me feel like i am the crazy one , but since i was a kid i have been abused, i've had to get stitches done in the hospital, i've gotten black eyes and ugly marks on my back from belt whippings.my older brother who had to go through similar abuse has tried to kill himself twice. people ask me why i don't report them and i answer because the system is corrupt and it will only make things worse. i'm just here to vent about this, i'm 23 years old and i still have to take beatings and humiliations from my father. he's a biker covered in tattoos , a corrupt motherfucker who drinks himself to sleep because he knows how much of a piece of shit he is. i have an intense anger boiling inside of me all the time , and just deep hatred which makes me irritated all the time and burst out in explosive rage. i have many insecurities and i get depression episodes where i don't want to wake up , i don't have any help , i have to deal with all of this on my own.
I (18) was abused a lot by my father when I was younger, until recently, and for a few years I've been having thoughts of killing him. Not just hurting him, but actually killing him. Stabbing him. Just hurting him until he dies. The thoughts come up usually every time I see him for more than one second.Is this normal for someone like me? Should I do something about it?
I know that fantasizing of beating people isn't healthy, but it happens to me. I get a rush just from thinking about it, and I often realize that is not right, but it simply comes on at times like a pubescent teenager getting erections. I used to think of beating enemies, but rarely does it turn to people closer(father-in-law, my father, etc). I don't want this kind of thing to actually manifest. What should I do?
I'm in a relationship that probably isn't healthy. I've been wondering if it's abusive, but my mental health history keeps me doubting myself. I have a mental illness which can include stress induced paranoia, and have suspected abuse in the past which probably wasn't there. I met him after a messy and drawn out breakup with my fiancé of three years; in fact, he's the now ex of the woman my ex left me for, and she was the one who introduced us. Naturally there has been quite a lot of drama, tho not so much since she left. I met him in hopes of finding work, and while I've had little luck with that we've started a Dominant/submissive relationship and are actually pretty close. He's attentive when it comes to consent, risk reduction, and aftercare, but stuff keeps popping up which May or may not be red flags, including: * When I do get a little cash working through him, he takes it and gives it to me a little at a time, normally only enough to cover bus fare and maybe a coffee drink* He considers being worked up enough to kick holes in a door "annoyed"* He has a habit of asking about stuff like the money set up during or after sex when I'm more likely to agree* We're in an open relationship, and while he's free to sleep with whoever he gets possessive if I look myself without asking or show real interest in a guy * When the drama with the exes was going on, his and his ex's behavior left me confused about what exactly was going on. His ex is scary as hell and has obvious boundary issues, but talking to him or a friend of mine who knows her leaves me wondering if I'm being delusional and blowing things out of proportion. The thing is, he has never physically or verbally abused me. He keeps me from doing dumber shit than I'm already doing, is an incentive to not cut myself, helps keep me grounded, and may be able to help me become independent. Tho he's not helping with all of my self destructive behavior and I can't help the paranoid notion that he's banking on my mental illness as a way to keep me from leaving. But with how things went the last time I suspected abuse I can't bring myself to act on these concerns. I'm also afraid that if I wanted to leave I wouldn't get the help I'd need because it's an ambiguous situation. Being an unemployed person without children living with my parents and struggling to become independent through county help, I'm afraid I'd be left to figure this shit out myself. With all of this, I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to bring myself to get out if it ever did turn abusive
I don't even know if I fall under this, so I need help figuring this out. Here's a little background on me. I'm a 19 year old female trying to escape the pain from my home life. I'm going through a lot in my life right now. I'm moving out of my father's house because of his heroin addiction, mom is in and out of rehab. My dad put a lot of debt in my name so I can't go back to college until the rest of my bill is paid off, my bank account has been negative $700 for the past 6 months because my dad put bills in my name without my knowledge, and the bank is now taking me to court. So back to the emotional abuse. Me and my boyfriend have been together for about 9 months. When we first got together, we were best friends and just infatuated with each other. Over time, he started making comments about my weight or my appearance, and suggested I went to the gym. I'm active for the most part, but with the stress of school, I kinda got out of my gym routine. Then I found out I was pregnant. We definitely weren't ready for a kid, but I would never think of having an abortion. Once I told him I was pregnant, he freaked out...I wasn't really expecting any other reaction really. I was trying to talk to him about the pregnancy and how I felt about it, but he just told me that we were getting an abortion, end of story. I asked him what he would do if I told him that I was keeping it, because I was thinking about that option, and he told me that he would leave me pregnant and hate me for the rest of his life. I thought about it and I knew we weren't ready for a kid, so I just agreed to getting the abortion. We were both working part time so it took us a while to save up the money for an abortion. I was 10 weeks pregnant when I got it, but those 10 weeks were the worst weeks I would go through. He got very nasty towards me. He would yell at me for eating unhealthy because of the cravings, and he'd tell me that I had to lose weight or he'd break up with me. I tried to explain to him that even though we weren't keeping the baby, I was still pregnant and was still going to have normal pregnancy symptoms. It got to a point where he hated everything I did, even the stupid things that made him love me in the first place, like my slight lisp, or how clumsy I am. Everything he said to me was so rude, or he just wouldn't speak to me. Seeing him this way made me hate everything about myself. Its been 2 months since the abortion, and every time I see myself in the mirror, I just see me eating bad or how I looked at that time and I just hate myself for it. He knows everything going on in my life right now, and sometimes I get really sad thinking about it. When I express this to him, he calls me a baby and to grow up, or calls me stupid. I have severe depression as it is, and this isn't helping. There was a time in our relationship where I wrote down the hurtful insults in my phone and looked at them everyday to remind myself how useless I am.I don't know what to do right now. I love him more than anything because we have such a strong connection, and I know he loves me but I feel like I'm gonna have a mental breakdown at some point in my life if he keeps treating me like this. 
I have a friend, he's a guy, we have known each other for about 5 years. We talk about a lot of personal things from my side, he does talk about past issues he's had and stuff like that, but he definitely keeps more to himself than I do.Now, I was friends with his ex for some time last year. We decided to end the friendship due to unrelated reasons. However, she has severe depression and possibly other mental illness. I know from her that he often gets aggressive or otherwise abusive towards her. He hits her, at least once choked her. I know that she is abusive towards him as well, but he definitely does not try to make the situation any better.Now, I was wondering whether it would be a good idea to ever bring this up. I assume that he does not really talk to anybody about this, since it's a rather dicey topic, and since he just isn't the type to talk about that kind of stuff. However, I could also see it easily back fire, I'm not necessarily scared of him, and he knows I probably know these things, but I could still see it somehow get out of hands.What do you guys think, is it ever a good idea to bring up to a friend that he is abusing someone? Or do the dangers outweigh the benefits?
I grew up getting beat a lot by plenty of people, and even got beat some during my adult years. The last time I was hit was a little over a year ago. I'm so grateful that I am no longer being abused. Since being free, all of my relationships have improved, I'm genuinely happier, I feel so much better in so many different ways, and I NEVER want to ever be abused again. Now, this might sound a little crazy, but bare with me.Every once in a while, I feel like something is missing. Like something is wrong. Like there's an imbalance. I've tried talking to counselors and family members and friends, I've tried exercise, I've taken up hobbies. I've done everything I can think of to keep these thoughts out of my head. But I find that, from time to time, I miss being beaten. This isn't like a fetish, or self hate in the sense of "I deserve it," I don't feel that way at all. I don't want to be in any relationship ever again where I will be abused. But things don't feel quite right. I daydream about secret meetings with strangers, and requesting that they beat me senseless. I don't get off on the idea, I'm not a masochist.The idea of it just feels, I don't know, natural.Does anyone else get these feelings? Any thoughts to share?
I was seeing a guy for 3 months. There were some early red flags:-He came on strong, almost clingy for the first 2 months & now won't even speak to me. I feel he went from loving everything about me to being totally bored by me.- The first time we met, we spent a couple of hours in a bar. Afterwards, we went for a walk under a dark, eery bridge & he aggressively kissed me up against a wall. I remember thinking 'woah, this is a bit much' but ended up feeling flattered rather than mad.- A few weeks later we were on a dinner date. He kept stopping to kiss me on the street & at one point put one hand around my neck. I told him he better remove it & he laughed it off. Later, we were hugging, arms wrapped around one another. As I pulled away, he suddenly pretended to kick me AND referred to the earlier move he had made with my neck.- He became snappy/short with me about silly things. I remember one thing in particular...we had laughed about something together early on in dating. Last time we were together, I mentioned it & he looked at me very seriously, not a hint of laughter on his face. I felt a small knot in my stomach.I broke it off, but then felt so upset afterwards. Crying for days, even had a panic attack for the first time. Got back together with him but he has been giving me the silent treatment in recent times. I think its over, but I'm reeling somewhat. I've been feeling quite angry & I'm not sure why. Don't know if I'm over-reacting.
Hi all,Not sure if this is totally appropriate, but I created a ring that can covertly text trusted contacts for help during an emergency and tell them where you are. We're on Kickstarter asking for help to get the molds to produce them in mass. Please take a gander if you have a minute: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/159087700/mangos-ring/descriptionHopefully we can get funded and this can help someone or at least give someone peace of mind.Thank you
My ex boyfriend was emotionally, verbally, and sexually abusive to me. Now that we are broken up, he creeps on younger girls. It makes me sick to think about it, and it's hard for me to move on and heal from it all when he gets to do whatever he wants without any consequences or guilt or anything. Any advice is appreciated right now.
GreetingsThis summer I am involved in a theatre group that meets in our area. We practice and perform at our local high school, where I run sound and rig lights. This season, our rehearsal schedule is a bit crazy. 4PM to 8PM. Its because they are trying to compensate for people who have jobs during the summer (lots of us because we are all high school students). Anyways, tonight we had arranged for him to pick me up at the front of the school, around 8PM. Usually if I am a few minutes late, he is impatient, but never too angry. My phone has issues in our school with connecting to the cell network (everyones phone does for that matter), so texts and calls are delayed by a few minutes. Anyways fast forward to 8:05 tonight. I was having a brief check in with the director, seeing what we needed to setup for tomorrows rehearsal. We chatted for a few, at this point it was around 8:10, so I checked in with my girlfriend (also in the play), and she was going to the bathroom at our school. I went out the double sets of doors, but stopped before the one which leads outside. I had forgotten to ask the director a certain question. The doors had locked behind me and I could see his truck from where I was. I texted my girlfriend to ask her to come and let me in. My dad called me and was very angry. I explained to him that I needed to check in with one quick thing I had forgotten, he responds with 'I dont care, get your ass in my car right fucking now'I got very worried. My girfriend came and unlocked the door at this point and I quickly explained what was up. She offered to take me home so my father could leave. I called him again and told him I was going to get a ride with them, but he still wanted me to 'get my ass in the car', because 'Im (meaning he) is the one making the decisions. My girlfriend heard all of this over the phone (her father, who she does not see anymore, was very similar to this, then her family took him to court), so she can attest to all of this. I told her I had to go (at this point my face was covered with tears), and she said the usual quick goodbye and it was done. I got into the car and told him I was considering calling CPS. A few months back, too long of a story to explain, he hit me over the face while we were driving. My mom and I reluctantly decided to let it pass, however we told him if he ever did anything again, CPS would be called and he would never see me again. I brought this up in the car, to which he mocked me for saying that I would. He made me feel awful by verbally pushing me down and swearing his head off. I told him that I was only late by 15 minutes or so and that I was sorry and that itd all be okay. He didnt seem to care and just mocked me and told me how much he did for me and yadda yadda. He said 'as a parent, I do not often fight battles, especially with my kids, but when I choose to fight one, I will NOT fucking loose it. *banged fist* Will not fucking loose it!'At one point I tried to fight back and told him that I was disgraced to be his son, to which he responded 'Okay, if thats what you want', but then started banging his fist on the dash with each word for a sentence, which was filled with swears and just overall awful things. I told him to calm down and he shut me down after that. I told him to please respect me and show some compassion, but then he told me 'I showed you compassion yesterday, didnt I?'(he bought me quite a few new pairs of relatively inexpensive clothing, but still clothing nonetheless)Ive been crying all evening (this happened about an hour ago), and have been off and on the phone with my girlfriend. She has gone through this so she is a great resource. Also my boss (I work at a small scale computer repair shop) used to be a counselor, so I may talk to him if I decide im up to working tomorrow. He is a very understanding person so I feel like that would be good. My mom is currently away with my stepdad (for a month, its a long story) in France. Its currently 2AM there, so she hasnt seen my messages, but I know she will be pissed at him when she does. My girlfriends family has been very supportive and has offered to allow me to stay with them if it comes to it, also my best friend can make accommodations, and even some family on my moms side, who live about 2 hours away. I just dont know what to do, if I walk downstairs for whatever reason, he constantly brings it up. He said that he thinks my mom will agree with him on this (which I know she wont). He tends to drink too much too many times, and is a marijuana user without a card (we live in the state of Maine in the US). When I got into the car today, there was a very faint smell of pot, but i cant confirm that. Is this considered abuse? Please let me know what you guys think. Thanks so much
I am planning on sending my father's therapist this email:Hello Dr.  XXXX ,My name is XXXX, we met once when I attended a session with my father, XXXX. I am writing because I am very concerned he is not receiving the treatment that he really needs. His conduct and that of my mother are what I would hesitate to term abusive. I strongly feel that they should be made aware of the gravity of their conduct and its effects on those close to them. Beyond having a tendency to sugar coat our household's problems, he tends to deny them altogether. I feel that what you both should be working on is his unpredictable anger management problems and emotionally abusive tendencies, rather than the coping mechanisms I believe you are currently focusing on. My mother actively supports and contributes to this irresponsible parenting. I understand you may be skeptical, but if you have read this far, I would greatly appreciate your attention for just a few minutes as I understand you are probably busy (and this is a long email). To elaborate, there was a period in my life when I was suicidally depressed. My parents said some truly unforgivable things to me at that time, when I was at my worst. "I wish you had never been born""I wish I had never been born" "I don't fucking love you anymore""I'm done with you" "You're fucking up your siblings, XXXX is already fucked, I just hope that XXXX will be alright""I am going to kill myself, and it will be your fault, do you want that?" I feel this constitutes emotional abuse (of someone, effectively, fighting for his life).He also has frequent bouts of extreme anger where he feels it is justified to shout and berate family over minor issues because "I pay for everything" or "I'm under a lot of stress". He is an intimidating man and this has very real and lasting consequences for those around him. I don't think he remembers most of these bouts, but his children do and will never forget them. I am scared of my father. Yesterday was an example of that, but I also let my anger get the better of me. I said some things I do regret, and likely need anger management myself. I shouted some serious flaws of their parenting at them, namely verbally abusive tendencies and their sabotage of academics. So, my father threatened me and said he would call the police or have me hospitalized, effectively for his convenience. When I said that I would call the police, he backed down but continued to say things like I "I don't love you anymore". At one point I was standing by the outside door and my mother physically assaulted me for the second time in my life, attempting to force me over outside to lock me out of the house. Bearing in mind that I have major depressive disorder, my father threatened to kill himself and asked how I would feel about that. Later my father came in sobbing to find me packing and said that he loved me. I believe we do love each other. But when I did not immediately accept his apology or pretend he had not been verbally abusive, he became angry once again and cursed at me. They accused me of being selfish and caring only for myself, maintaining that they were essentially blameless, good parents. When I pointed out that saying "I don't love you anymore" is a kind of verbal abuse, both my parents smirked and laughed at me.As I left with my girlfriend to stay in a motel for a few days, I passed them on the way out to hear them discussing the philosophy of determinism and whether or not we have real choice. I believe this displays a disturbing willingness to retreat into existential philosophy and genetic theory as a tactic to divorce responsibility for the consequences of their often extremely negative actions. They did not ask me where I was going. I'm moving out to remove myself from this seriously unhealthy situation, but am concerned for my siblings as I'm the only one who really stands up for them. I am unsure what to do, but I feel his therapy has not been helpful (he actually shouts more) possibly because he is untruthful. Thank you for reading this far, I hope this sincere perspective can help with my fathers treatment, which I want to again emphasize is my main goal. You may show him this email, if you think that is appropriate as I have tried to raise these issues before but have been dismissed as being overly sensitive. My efforts to point out the severity and gravity of their immature response to stressors are not taken seriously. It is my sincere hope that you can relay to him what I failed to: he and my mother need help to prevent their destrucitve tendencies from harming their chidren. Thank you for you time.Sincerely, XXXXBased on that information, am I a victim of abuse? Should I send this email? and beyond moving is there anything I can do?
So im kind of new at this and after telling her to not resort to emotional abuse she said "how fucking dare you" and...yeahBut is someone threatening to end the relationship if I don't give her her pills/saying that it's not a threat it's what she will do, abuse?Long story short, my girlfriend has a really bad disease that doesn't let her have control of herself sometimes and we'll sometimes this side comes out and it came out bad and started demanding her sleeping pills to kill herself, something I'm safe guarding so she doesnt. And...uhh...yeahAm I in trouble here? Been screenshotting too so that's good.
There's a long complex story here and I don't have time to tell you guys everything. But I'll try and give as much necessary information as possible.So me and my now ex girlfriend were dating for over a year now, we even got engaged. I loved her, and she loved me. We had our fights, our spats, and our disagreements but I feel like overall we were good. She got pregnant and we were planning on spending our entire lives together, we did everything together and I was happy. But a few months back in the height of her pregnancy she began to get increasingly aggressive during our little fights, making them much worse than they needed to be. Without going into too much detail, we we're fighting one night and she slapped me. Now normally that would be okay, I probably deserved it. But that wasn't the last time, from then on just about every fight turned violent, she went from just slapping, to punching, pushing and kicking. This was beginning to weigh heavy on me, and as much as I tried to brush it off I couldn't shake the feeling of being threatened. I never hit her back all those times she slapped me, there were some times where I pushed her away when she got too close but nothing major.Then came the first break up. She had been fighting with me and she got angry and punched me three or four times. I told her that was it, and that I had to leave. So I packed my things and I left. After about a day, I missed her, so I asked to come back and start over. She agreed, but as soon as we got together face to face, the fighting started again. And she held her self together for a decent amount of the fight but after about an hour or so she did it again...punched and slapped me, I was so distressed and angry, I lashed out. I put my hands around her neck and squeezed, I had never felt so awful in my life, I had crossed the line. I cried, begged her to forgive me. So many mixed emotions flooded my body and mind... we resolved things that time.After about a week, it happened again this time much worse. I told her that I wouldn't stand for the abuse anymore, from either one of us. But we had a fight and she slapped me and pushed me, so I lashed out again...I slapped her back, I screamed that I wouldn't stand to be hit anymore. I felt so weak, like I had become just like her, unable to control myself. But that slap triggered something in her I think, she didn't stop hitting, pushing, punching, slapping and kicking me for a solid 30 minutes. We were screaming at each other, crying and she just wouldn't stop hitting me. After I stopped yelling, she continued. Punch after punch, slap after slap. She stopped for a few minutes to call the police on me because I didn't want to leave without getting my things packed, and she wouldn't let me.The police arrived, handcuffed me and took me away from the house. The only thing I want to know from you guys, is does my fighting back make me just as bad? Did I deserve what happened to me? Am I a bad person?
Hi, sorry this is very messy and probably hard to read. It was me writing out my trauma for my psychiatrist and I felt like I should post it here. Ma is my grandmother. Edit: Fixed it. Should be easier to read, I'm bad at grammar so sorry if I fucked up in some places. A lot of these I don't specify my age because I can't remember how old I was. Repression is great.When I was younger, (about 4 or something) I remember being in my driveway and hearing screaming. I think I blocked the majority of it out but It had something to do with medicine that caused my mother to go into a psychotic rage. I also remember crying and pleading for attention from my mother who was neglecting me (I think I was 8) and ending up vomiting from dehydration and being left on the floor for a bit before she realized I was sick and needed water. I experienced neglect when I had autistic fits and would be left on the floor having meltdowns till I was once again, dehydrated.On one occurrence I was in the kitchen sitting on my brothers lap eating a chocolate thing or something. He threatened to strangle me if I got it on his clothes, and then suddenly I was being choked and was screaming. My mother was right there and didn't do much, she yelled at him and he finally let me go and I was just crying on the kitchen floor. I think I was 6.Another time (when I was 7? 8?) I couldn't breath because my dad was cooking Thai food and I was really impressionable so my mother decided it'd be fun to convince me my dad was making drugs out of cacti. I have no fucking idea where that idea came from, but it made me paranoid and scared for ages. I have Asperger's/ASD and I used to look in windows and mirrors alot because I couldn't properly comprehend it was me. My mother would scream at me and say how vain and awful I was and I was a bitch and I was rubbing it in her face. (I don't fucking know what that meant.) (I was 7 or 8 here.)My Ma tried to convince me my father was a bad man who had stolen my mother from her and ruined their life plans, who had forced her to move up to QLD from NSW (Ma followed us up because she wanted to control our lives.) and had ruined my brothers childhood and prevented my mother from seeing him (Wrong, my brother was a cunt his whole childhood and he just wasn't allowed to live with us because he broke things in our house and hit me.) (She did this from 4-8).I was very dependent to my brother for ages and he groomed me to be his little boyfriend. When he started to do drugs he'd neglect me and push me around and hit me alot. When his friends where over he had to treat me nicely so I took advantage of it but he pretty much could get me to do anything for him. He told me to dance or some shit so of course I did it and he and his friends laughed at me while recording. They uploaded that video somewhere and I'm really fucking uncomfortable with it because I was like 8.So he molested me. It started with weird touches and I was sitting on his lap once and his penis touched my leg and I asked what it was and he gave me a weird look and told me to touch it. I tried to get away and he held me there but I got off and ran away. I didn't say anything. It continued with weird touches and biting. Somewhere along the way he asked to touch me down there and I said no. He begged and begged and begged for months. He'd chase me and try to pin me down and take my pants off and when I went to go to the bathroom i'd have to barricade the door or he'd come in and touch me. I slammed doors on his feet and arms and gave him cuts because he'd try to force his way in. One time there was an ice cream truck and I asked if he'd buy me something and he gave me a weird look and said only if I let him touch me. I was a fucking child, I wanted ice cream so I said yes. He was groping me the whole way to the truck and the way back and just fucking watched me like I was prey. He pulled my pants down when we got back home and, well, did what you'd expect. I cried and told him to stop because pain but he didn't. I've blocked most of it out. I acted it out on my dolls and used to colour in their groins violently and try to fuck them up with scissors, or I'd pretend to molest them or have them in rape scenes. He continued to grope me and touch me weirdly but not downstairs and planned to rape me at the beach after midnight. A police officer came and scared him by asking what we where doing. It scared my brother and he took me home, i am so grateful. I've blocked out LOTS of what has happened and I am frequently remembering new stuff. I do not know if he has raped me.One night my dad got drunk while my brother was over and got into an argument with him. It ended up in a fist fight and I hear so much screaming when I try to remember this. I was very scared so I dissociated and when I came to my journal was covered in blood and my dads nose was broken. Ma was called and my father and mother started to fight physically and I was screaming at everyone, then was shoved into Ma's car and I think my brother was there. I don't remember anything else from that day. My parents showed up at Ma's house and I opened the door to them and started screaming/sobbing and ran and hid in the closet. I was hyperventilating and bawling my eyes out while trying to hide under clothes and boxes but I was shaking badly. The door opened and they where there and I screamed as loud as I could for help and was pressing against the wall desperately. I don't remember what exactly happened but they left.I lived there for months till I recovered. I wanted to go home but Ma told me I wasn't allowed to and I begged to go but she refused and became cruel and called me names like bitch and whore and threatened to hit me. I slept over at my real home and just never went back to Ma's.One psychotic episode my mother had, she tried to hit my dad who pushed her back in defense and she fell over. She screamed at him that he was assaulting her (he was not, I was witnessing this happen.) and my dad tried to get her to stand up but he had to drag her to the bedroom. I just remember the sound of flesh on the floor. It made me want to vomit. She pushed him through our glass door and threw knives at him. The door did not get fixed for years. He was very bloody and I was so scared for him.Another time she held a knife to him and I was screaming and begging her not to hurt my dad. Like desperately pleading and heaving because I was convinced my dad was going to die. I was later forced to the floor and shoved around with her leg and being screamed at to clean the floor while having forks thrown at me. I was sobbing and shaking so badly I could barely move.One time she couldn't remember me and was convinced I was her daughter Sasha's twin (I am Sasha, and I am her son) and she yelled at me I was evil and disgusting and I was the twin she never loved. It hurt me so badly and later she grabbed all my clothes and starting telling me we had to leave and I was screaming that I wasn't going to leave and I was so so so terrified. The police came and I think she left to go stay with Ma.She would guilt trip me and manipulate me every time something like this happened by going into my room and cornering me and begging me to say I forgave her and loved her and that she didn't mean anything. I was scared and always forgave her 100%. It was painful.Before there was another episode where I tried to ignore everything by staying on the computer but I think it ended in blood and my mother was taken away by the police. Another episode my dad had to leave to get help from Ma. My mother chased me around saying he'd left us for good and so she should kill me and I was calling him on his mobile crying for him to get home and help as soon as possible. My dad and ma came and they stopped my mother and she lived with Ma for a while. One more episode she'd been screaming at me so I hid in my room and she ended up going missing. The police where called and she eventually got taken home, I didn't ask. But I found out at art class she apparently broke into someones house. My bully (someone who bullied me from 5-11) blackmailed me with saying she'd tell everyone how weird my mother was unless I did everything she told me to. She'd hit me and scream at me too, but she hurt me more actively and it normally ended in me being bloody or bruised.She started to go down to Brisbane for special treatments and my dad went with her. I had to stay with Ma on the weekends and she treated me disgustingly. She'd threaten to hit me/hit me, take away my phone (aka my only coping thing), lock me out of the house for hours till I went to a friends because she thought it would cure my anxiety disorder. Or she would berate me for hours while I sat there crying. I told my dad and he stopped going, my Ma told me I was a disgusting bitch for telling him.My brother ended up living with us or sleeping over alot, I'm not sure. He'd come into my room and be touchy and lie on my bed with me late at night or show me fucked up videos. He'd hit and strangle me and my mother did nothing even though he did those things in the middle of the day. My father did not know and I was unaware he didn't. He eventually found out and kicked my brother out and told him not to come around ever again. Ma called me and started screaming at me through the phone, calling me a worthless selfish whore who was ruining my brothers life by keeping my mother away from him and she hoped I died and was happy with my self. I told her to fuck off and hung up, I cried for ages.I flew down to Canberra for Easter with my Aunt. I came back and found out my brother had been staying there while I was gone and had been sleeping with my blankets. I flipped out because I was done with everything and screamed at my mother that I couldn't use them, they where dirty and smelt like cum and weed (not even lying. he's fucking gross, probably jacked off to the thought of raping me into my sheets). She yelled at me that she was sorry and it wasn't her fault and I just ignored her. The next day she tried to say sorry and I ignored her so she started shrieking that "TWO CAN PLAY THAT GAME YOU FUCKING BITCH!" and went into my room to trash it. I ran in crying and asking her to stop, begging for her to leave my room. She laughed at me and threw my clothes out the side door in my room into the bush, as well as all my school work. I was screaming and begging her to leave but she kept laughing and saying how she should of aborted me and I should commit suicide and was worthless, a whore, disgusting, selfish etc etc. I ran out and hid in the bathroom and locked the door, she banged on it and told me to "Come the fuck out" and I refused. She unlocked it and smashed me against the wall, I was hysterical and ran out of the house while she shrieked at me to "Keep running till I can't see your whore face or I'll kill you!" I ran and ran till I collapsed in a garden in the backyard (We have a massive yard) sobbing and sniveling on the ground. There was so much screaming coming from the house but I just didn't listen. I got up at some point and hid in our car, my dad came out and told me to wait for the police. I went up the drive way and sat there crying while in wet pajamas and being bitten by mosquitoes. I probably pissed myself out of fear, because I thought I was actually going to die earlier. They came so I snuck back into my room and lied on the floor having a anxiety attack. I was screaming so much I couldn't tell if I was the only one. Eventually dad opened the door which threw me into even more of a frenzy, but I realized she was gone and eventually calmed down.Hours later I was on the computer trying to forget everything, when I heard a scream. I couldn't believe it, I tried to force myself not to believe it was her because she was supposed to be in hospital. But it was, and my dad told me to to take our dogs and hide them in the cupboard. I did and closed my door and pressed myself up against it so she couldn't come in, but she forced it open and I stood up to try and defend myself and she started bashing the door into me against the wall while I was screaming "NONNONOONON STOPSTOPSOTP I'M SORRY MOMMY STOP I'M SORRY PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE LEAVE PLEASE LEAVE PLEASE STOP SORRY I;M SORRY STOP PLEASE MOMMY STOPP PLEASEL HELP" till my dad forced her away. I just collapsed on the floor having an hour long panic attack. I ended up loosing my voice and my leg was fucked up and had alot of pain when I walked. My grandparents decided I had to come live with them. My dad stopped at where my mother was staying when he was driving me to the airport and I hid underneath the car hyperventilating and praying to a god I do not believe in that she wouldn't come near me. She didn't. I have blocked out the majority of my memories, these are only vague things of a tiny amount of the events that have happened. I came home from my grandparents because they started to abuse me for being gay and tried to force Christianity down my throat and would force me to act heterosexual and refuse to call my boyfriend my boyfriend and said they would never do so until we where married and that he didn't need me and was just using me. I am home now with my mother and father, my Ma and brother are not in my life anymore. There is not as much abuse going on in my home now, sometimes there are psychotic episodes. I have severe PTSD, Anxiety, Depression, DPDR (Depersonalization-derealization disorder) as a result of my trauma. If I ignore my mother she will scream at me and it ends in anxiety/ptsd attacks. I'm 15 this year (2016) I'm so tired of everything.My boyfriend (Ashton) and our mutual best friend (Macaulay) are planning to move out together to Brisbane when we turn 18, me being 17 since their birthdays are at the start of the year.
This is going to be different than many other posts on here. I might be the abuser. I'm not sure.I really like my girlfriend. I mean I really like her. But I'm worried that I'm not being good to her.She constantly tells me how happy I make her, and how much she likes me, but I do some things that I consider at least a little bit shady.I sometimes have to leave in the middle of a text conversation, or I simply forget to text her back. She gets fairly upset, and I tell her that I haven't gotten her messages, or that she hasn't gotten mine.Similarly, if I make a mistake and it upsets her, I immediately apologize, to the point where she begins to feel bad about being upset.The apologies always sound stale and formulaic to me.She seems almost wrapped around my finger. Her perception entire day depends on how much we interact. She is deeply infatuated with me, and I can't help but feel that I am controlling her in some way.I really love this girl. If I have to leave her to protect her, I will, but I think that it will really hurt her if I do.I don't know what to do. I don't want to hurt her.
I apologize if there's a better place for this.I am about 6 years out of an emotionally (as well as psychologically and sexually) abused me. I went to counseling and I'm better (I only vary rarely think about it anymore) for the most part. It's had tremendous effects on my self-esteem and current relationship. I'm in counseling again and am trying to work through it. I've been thinking about trying to volunteer at the local YWCA or another similar organization locally. I really would like to volunteer more and I'm trying to go to graduate school in the next 2-3 years. However, one thing is kind of holding me back from pursuing this. I'm worried that people will somehow think that this is almost a lesser form of abuse? My ex did everything but hit me. He never laid a hand on me. I volunteered at a domestic abuse event during undergraduate and the focus seems like it's always on physical abuse. Like a man hitting you is the worst thing that can happen?I totally don't believe that, and I also totally don't think that physical abuse is a lesser kind of abuse. I guess I'm having trouble working through this, and would like some advice. I guess I could still volunteer and just not talk about the details of my story, but that's not really my personality.
I started a socially conscious company that powers projects that help our friends in need. One of the projects we created is called Story Tellers. The project allows you to share your stories of survival or tragedy with others - anonymously. The individuals that have shared their stories with us tell us over and over how sharing their story has helped them cope, confront, and rationalize with their past.We all have a story to tell - and there's always someone willing to listen. Care to share yours?
I really need to just talk. My entire self worth is tied up in the person I'm in love with. When he's angry at me, I want to kill myself. I've had issues with being depressed for a long time, I drink to make that go away. Sometimes too much, sometimes I blackout and I get really low. I push people away, they get angry at me, he gets angry and defensive because what reason do I have to be upset? His problems are so much worse than mine. And they are worse, but I don't feel like I'm choosing to feel this way.Then I fall into the classic spiral of that thought, I don't have any right to be upset, I must just be a horrible, selfish person. Of course that makes it worse. By this point, I'm scared to let him see me cry, I'm terrified to try to talk to him because it could lead to fighting and that could lead to more broken ribs and bruises. I don't know where this is going, I just feel very isolated. I love him and I want to be with him, and I feel like I can't talk to anyone because of their judgement, a lot of my friends have already stopped talking to me anyway. I don't blame them, I can't be much of a friend.I just wish he could help pick me up when I'm like that, instead of getting angry. And I hate admitting to myself that sometimes I really am scared of him. And knowing that it's my own fault. 
Hi... throwaway for reasons. When I [28F] was about 7 or 8 yrs old, I was home alone with my mom [50]. I wanted to go watch TV in my room, but she wanted to scratch my back (not hard or to hurt, just sort of tickle my back with her nails). This was something she used to do when I was much younger. I told her no, I didn't want to. She insisted, then also insisted I take my shirt off to make it easier. I think we had recently had the discussion about what is appropriate and i appropriate (to ward off being taken advantage of), so it was fresh in my mind. We lived out on a lake, and had a sliding glass door that overlooked the lake. I've always been nervous of others watching me (via cameras or through windows, etc), especially when I'm naked or just changing clothes. I told her I was uncomfortable with the blinds to the door open, but she insisted that it was okay because no one would be able to see  (even though it was dark outside and the lights were on inside). She then had me lay face down with my stomach on her legs so she could scratch my back. I don't recall anything else happening after that, but it made me very uncomfortable. I think she just wanted to feel close to me again like we were when I was very young, and that's the way I've always tried to rationalize it. But 20 yrs later and it still makes me anxious. I'm in therapy, but haven't brought this up to her yet  (I've got a lot of other issues to deal with as well). Some advice would be appreciated. Did I take this weirdly? Should I try and forget it after all this time?
When I was around 11 or 12, my parents got divorced, after my sister (24), who is constantly and always has been a stubborn and defiant and spoiled (by my mom) child, graduated high school and moved out with her boyfriend and convinced my mom to finally divorce. However, although my dad has had a terrible and abusive past in a traditionally German family and therefore is stuck in the past, lonely, manipulative and overall verbally, emotionally and psychologically abusive, he is a generally somewhat respectable man. He loves all of us and works hard in his career despite his dwindling health and body, and really is a good person. He's in denial of how he actually acts, despite going to therapy with me every week, but he's just so hard to live with without him constantly yelling at berating for the smallest things and guilt tripping when something beyond my control happens. Before my mom moved out and agreed to get a divorce, she had been having numerous affairs, one of which with a registered child molester that she was in denial that he was. In her words, "people can change", and "I like to give people second chances". But let's backtrack a bit. My mom's always had issues after her father left her in her toddler years. She has severe spending problems that left my dad in almost crippling debt, and in 2012 started smoking and drinking again, and my dad, coming from a poor family, is responsible with money. He's told me before that my mom is not a good financial supporter. She isn't an alcoholic like my dad used to be before I was born, but she does occasionally drink and drive and her smoking habits are obsessive; the withdrawal is very scary. Her boyfriend is a "former" crackhead, is missing almost all his teeth, is very fake on the outside, but you can hear how angry he gets at my mom and sometimes with me. My mom is a very delusional person. She's also extremely manipulative and a compulsive liar. She cares about my siblings and I as well, but she obviously chooses this man over me. My sister was always her pride and joy, and my brother (27, I'm the youngest) would often take care of me and took me under his wing as a child. It's a long story of what happened/happens in my family and I hope I'm not being too confusing, but at this point I'm desperate for help. My sister never liked me, as when I was a baby I took the attention away from her for about a year until she became the obsession again. My brother and I have almost identical brains, even our OCD rituals and obsessions work so similarly. Our sister is practically polar opposite from us, therefore my brother and sister never really talk too much after they both moved out. My brother's the one that coaches me through a lot when I do get the chance to talk to him, as he's very busy. Because of all the shit that goes on in our family, once he graduated his fourth year of college, he moved to a state 3 hours away from me. And honestly, I don't blame him. There are many options up there than there are here, and it's a quick getaway from all this ridiculous crap. If that weren't the case, I'd probably be hanging around with him a lot more often instead of being in the middle of this. So anyway, with my mom's boyfriend doing crack, my dad and I are convinced she's gotten in on it too. She lost 50 pounds in around 1-2 months, and all her teeth are rotting out along with how many cigarettes she smokes a day. She got fired from her day-job that she had for 20+ years, where she got a steady income and all benefits, all because of her boyfriend and how when she got with him, she came into work dressed unprofessionally (sweatpants, tacky sweaters from my grandma, stuff you would wear elsewhere, y'know?) Mind you, she worked in a topnotch professional doctors office, where patients came in and saw her like that. Of course it'll get bad reviews on him and the place. After so long of her being generally unprofessional, and always stopping to talk about her boyfriend to everyone and to take phone calls from her boyfriend who obsessively calls (just as she does as well) to make sure he knows where she is at what time (because they're both compulsive liars and cheaters and they secretly don't have faith in each other but somehow hold onto the relationship for dear life), she got fired. She spent almost a year in a petty job working for tips in a bowling alley her boyfriend scavenged for money in for decades, until it got shut down sometime in 2015. Through this time, she was living at her mother's house in a town 45 minutes away from where I was legally living with my dad at, and bummed off of my grandmother. In 2015, she got kicked out of my grandmother's house and now lives in a little decent trailer with her boyfriend and her 3 (now four, adding a kitten we got on the 10th of this month, June 2016) and is still on food stamps. After the alley got shut down, the two of them were surviving on barely anything, getting tips for cleaning bathrooms at fairgrounds, cleaning, all respectable work, but not for a woman who had a degree and worked in a doctor's office for 20+ years with office management experience. She became "suicidal", so to speak. And in 2014, when she still lived at my grandmother's house, I came out as transgender, FTM, which I am happily living as now, hopefully going to physically transition soon. Though, I had some demons I had been pushing away for too long, and grew suicidal. I almost lost my life on numerous occasions, and was admitted into a psychiatric ward at age 13, right before my 14th birthday. I was put on all sorts of meds, given a psychiatrist and a therapist, and tried desperately to fight through this. All the while, my mom's boyfriend grew weirder and weirder. His wife, who he's still legally married to, is a 72 year old woman. She's very sweet, and when my parents first started cracking down on their breakup, she would help out my dad and shoot him a message when she saw the two of them out shopping with the money my dad gave her to buy for their new apartment my dad didn't even know they were getting, when my mom lied and said she was at therapy. The two of them were basically dealing with the same situation - spouses that they loved but knew they were liars, and had suspicions that they were cheating. But enough about the two of them and the faults in their relationship; I'm so troubled I'm rambling.My mom puts her love interests above me, probably because of her need for a father figure. Her boyfriend hasn't raised a hand to me yet, I don't know if he's done anything to me in my sleep (I'm on strong sleeping pills that knock me out cold, you'll have to blast something or shake me to wake me up). Her boyfriend is creepy as hell, and I, nor has any of my friends or anyone that has known him, gotten used to him even after the almost 5 years they've been together now. He's a sexual person, he almost always has an erection even when my friends are over; I've caught him jerking off in the kitchen and living room, he's just not discreet. He stares at me and my friends, as well, and numerous times I've caught him looking at my ass, once right after my mom had just got done telling me that if he does anything to me, she'd believe me. She was sitting right next to him when I caught him doing it, too, staring straight at the TV, oblivious. As soon as I told her, she said, "What? When? I didn't see it." And when I explained, she gave the excuse, "Boys do that." To which I replied, "He is a 40 year old man. He is not a boy, and he needs to be held responsible for his actions." Her boyfriend doesn't consider my gender, so he just focuses on my body, which won't even be the same soon enough because of my transition. It's disgusting, and he constantly will stare at me innappropriately, as well as my friends too. We've had CPS involved about 4 times now, but I do not want to go to a foster home or anything like that. I just started staying at my mom's house permanently about a month ago, and when I came here, I noticed that my lock SOMEHOW, magically, was broken, so that I couldn't lock nor shut my door properly. Strange. I've confronted my mom about it and she always replies with, "I'll fix it". So, I have to literally hurl my body against the bottom or the door or kick it closed and lock it despite the lock not working, so that even if he tried to open it, hopefully the sound would wake me up. He creeps all of my friends, my friends' parents, my dad, hell, even my brother wants absolutely nothing to do with him and has yet to even meet him after 4+ years. Sometimes, he'll get really angry and yell at my mom, and I feel physically unsafe. Like tonight, he brought a kitten home on the 10th even though they're irresponsible with their three other cats but that's besides the point, and today my mom and him came into my room looking for her because they wanted to bring her out and play. The kitten is very skittish and wasn't socialized well before we got her, and the past couple of days she's spent in my room with all her stuff, bonding with me and playing. She gets scared easily, and really only trusts me because both of them work at their jobs (my mom copped a part-time job at a fast-food restaurant as her only source of money currently). The kitten ran under the bed when they came in, and while my mom was on the floor rummaging under the bed with her hand to find her, her boyfriend was outside my door playing with her ping-pong ball, which makes quite a bit of noise. I offered to get the cat for her, she said no, and finally got the kitten, but the kitten then jumped out of her hands and ran under the bed again. I said, "she's scared, she doesn't wanna go out right now", and her boyfriend then turned around and said "It's my fucking cat" in a nasty tone. My mom constantly preaches that she doesn't expect me to like him or want to be his friend, but to respect him, as I already do, and that was not respect. When he gets angry, he's like a little toddler. When we're in the car and she's looking for directions and decides to call the person she's trying to get to instead of listening to him, he throws things at her from the backseat while she's got her hands on the wheel. He makes a mess, throws tantrums, gets violent, goes out and gets drunk. I'm afraid to stand up to him, because he and I both know he's stronger and faster than me (the social worker I speak to at my school is helping me look for self defense classes for me to build my strength and confidence in case something happens), and the only person who would do anything if he tried something with me is my dad, and right now, my dad and I are not on speaking terms, and my mom's boyfriend knows that. I'm very afraid for my safety. His ex-wife has told us that he has a fetish for young girls, and that he has cheated on her multiple times, only with women who have young daughters. Obviously I'm not a girl, but to him I still am. This isn't about my gender, however. This is about the fact that my mom is delusional, puts her boyfriend above me and her job, disregards the fact that he's a drug addict and aggressive person, who gives everyone who has ever met him an extremely bad vibe, and that there's proof that he's interested in young girls, and he's shown signs of sexual interest in me. I'm terrified for my safety. I speak very strongly about my feelings to him and to the social workers, CPS, my dad, my friends, my siblings, etc. But I'm afraid he'll get violent, or force me down and do something to me, or when I'm asleep. Does anyone have any advice? I know this is kind of jumbled together and long, but yeah.tl;dr: my mom (54) puts her boyfriend (42) above me (16) and her boyfriend is aggressive, angry, and is interested sexually in young teens, and has shown interest in me. I'm scared for my safety.
I've been having trouble with my husband ever since he left the military. He's e plosives and I feel like I have to tip toe around him now. We had a really bad domestic dispute where I called the cops on him. I took him back and have been trying to work on our marriage. I feel like the only time our marriage is perfect is when I keep my mouth shut about anything he does. He gets to go out and have fun with friends while I take care of our nine month old by myself. I would kill to go out by myself even if it was for a cup of coffee. I have been debating to bring it up to him that I've been miserable because I need a couple hours to myself. I brought it up very calmly this morning and even told him if I could go tostarbucks For an hour to relax without our daughter. He exploded on me, started screaming and cussing. I tried staying as calm as I could until I just couldn't take it and told him to shut the fuck up and get out. He starts yelling and slams the door and calls me a bitch. A couple hours later he calls me to "talk", that what I did was not acceptable and that he only called me a bitch to give me a taste of my own medicine. That I'm emotionally abusive towards him, I never yell or cuss and when i do it's after hours of him yelling and cussing at me. I don't know what to do, I know I'm not emotionally abhsive. He says I am though, I just want things to go back to normal I wish I didn't push him to leave the army. It's just so unfair that he's never home, it's not even because he works either. I just need someone to talk to.
...love my husband after all this. I know I post a lot here, but I am so far into isolation,  I have nowhere left to go. I wish it was different.  I wish when he asked for help he would have received it, and the little help he did get, he would have put more trust in it. I wish this was all different,  but I can't change it. I know he tried, and I could see it hurt him, in a way, too. But it was just stonger than he was. He needed the Control...because of his insecurities? Maybe. Now we have a no contact order and there is so Much I need to take care of. Not just financially...we are also I  a different state so I cang even get it lifted to tell you I love you,  no matter what, even though we might part ways. It's unconditional.  I didn't want it to happen this way. You don't know, even when we had no restrictions,  and even after our marriage, I thought of you fondly several hours of everyday. I remember when we did get married. People tell me you've never looked happier,  and how you have gotten better since being with me. But it wasn't enough and I want to know why. Why did you have to go to prison to learn your lesson and leave me eotb such an deep burden.  Or the child you're supposed to raise. You spoke of having another. You spoke of a successful future. You are so bright...you threw the away,*****. You threw it away and it breaks my heart. I will.always,  always love you, and you may never know. I love you *****. I love you....
I got in a huge blowout argument with my narcissist grandmother today. She was such a brilliant parent that she managed to raise 3 very disordered children due to her need to try and wipe away people's personality, and make them something else. My father ended up with Borderline Personality Disorder, he was also abusive.I'm the only one that ever stood up to this lady, and now she's turning the whole family against me. I told her to stop putting words in my mouth with a relationship that I'm trying to rebuild with my father, but she wants it a certain way, so she pulls everyone's strings. But I'll be god-damned if anyone pulls mine. So I told her that I dont appreciate her actions today. I get home, instantly she starts shouting that I was disrespectful all week, because of this incident, and two others where I told her she was just paranoid (these instances involved her trying to convince me that my mother is just taking me to the shrink so she can collect disability from me, even though I'm a minor and can't have disability, no matter how severe my disorder(s) may be)The argument went instantly to her guilting me, "ook at all this stuff I got for you, I went in debt for you" I told her when she bought these things that she didnt have to, or I didn't want it. "I bought them because I love you" AKA "I forced them upon you because I need ammunition to change your schizoaffective induced odd personality into something I want"It's all over and done now. The relationship I was trying to rebuild has fallen apart forever, I don't have much of a family on that side anymore, and I didn't have friends to begin with. So I'm pretty much completely and totally alone.What now? Has anyone else experience someone like this, someone who pulls all the strings in the family?
Two family members of mine abused me as a child and ruined my life. I NEED to name and shame them, at the very least, and get their names on the internet. Let people know what happened. Maybe after they die all that will be left of them is google results tying their names to sexual and physical abuse.How can I go about facilitating that? Is there anything else I can do to make them suffer big time?
It's all over, now. I don't know how to feel. I miss my husband, so much...so much.  I wish it wasn't like this. He is imprisoned for 15years for what he did to me, in front of witnesses. I kept months of evidence with no intention of telling anyone. I just had it. I wish it wasn't like this. I wish that aspect of him didn't exist or that he really did progress every time he said he did want to change...would change. I feel empty. Not even sure if it's hurt...just empty. Empty...
I'm being mentally, physically, and emotionally being abused by my mom. I'm 17 years old, and I've had enough. I want to go with my dad but he's unemployed right now, and since my mom is still making him pay for child support, he has no money to drive his car, ect, (she also refuses to teach me how to drive, so I'm stuck) If I was to go with my school counselor what would happen?????? I'm also mentally ill and she refuses to take me to a therapist for whatever reason. I've just had enough and I don't know what to do. I was thinking about emancipation but there's no way she'll agree, and if she did I'd have no where to really go anyways. 
Im currently a sophmore finishing last week of school and several years ago i realized i was being child abused.Not many other kids said their parents hit them eith belts but i assumed it was normal because grandparents did it blah. We had moved and were low on income. Mum couldnt go to college till around now due her mom not giving her papers and stuff when she moved here in US. I realized around age 12 thats why im being abused and often worked on getting good at programming and robotica because i liked it and might make money to help.So the severe abuse started at age 9. My cousin told my dad i let the hamster poop on his bed. I cleaned it up cuz it was dry so there wasnt any big deal to me. He choked me and i was scared. I couldnt breathe a few seconds after and left in tears. But didn't sob aloud. The next times began at 10 or 11 when i was getting yelled at to do all my homework and forced to re edit paragraphs i had for homework. They wouldn't let me go outside and said i would benefit from the work i do now later on. Rarely did i grt to go out till 12 and now a days they say im lieing. At 12 is when I started contemplating suicide. I no longer had confidence at school. I had gotten good grades so the next report card they expected better and yelled making me cry. But at 12 now was tramatizing. I accidently broke down the part of the closet supporting all the clothes and boxes. They had so much stuff up there and ive always had a sciencs curiosity for tinkering and my hands weight broke it down. I was scared so tried to fix it and failed and made muffins. When they got home my dad had a wrench and started yelling. Luckily he put it down but started yelling asking if i thought im a man. I begged no and them he punched me in the stomach and slapped my face then choked me and slammed me on bed. My grandmah and mom watched and started telling him to stoo and i managed to run to my closet. Sure i was punched by a grown man who goes to the gym in the gut and choked and beat. But that was nothing compared to realizing who did it to me. I made an honest mistake and was sorry and got punched and choke by my father? But... I thought he loved me. I cried in my closet and my grandmah came in like a fucking dumbass asking what im doing in the closet. After that i had trouble sleeping. I was scared. He could come any moment and possibly kill me. I began crying myself to sleep regularly and had a bruised rib or something because it hurt when i moved.Around the same time i was outside one day playing with friends. This kid who became a dick had gave me this skateboard and me and somefriends were crashing it around. My dad came out and thought i was being bullied and yelled at the oldest kid. He told me to come inside and as i opened the door he smashed the thickest belt with metal on it he had. I managed to react to only get my back hit. I had a big swolen wrinkle in yhe back of my shoulder and was sent to walk my dog he also abused. I cried outside and every time i touched the bump i shivered and cried more. What the hell was happening? I thought he loved me. What hurt more and still does today was that my own father was doing it. The one who sometimes wanted to teach me things or take me places. Now a days i know he left my mom and moved across the cou try but let her back cuz she was homeless with baybe me. Her house butned down. I had many more abusive moments like those to come and they still dont listen to me. These days i rarely start a conversation with them and avoid them as much as possible. I sit through their lectures on how im easting time studying science when i should be getting good grades. I got threatened today that if my report card isnt good hes going to get me. They just yell and threaten and it hurts. I have a calm exterior and usually dont know what to do with this. I wrote about it subliminaly in writting and wrote a journal to share with people who made it a fun joke. Even made an awesome friend through this. But i have problems making friends and talking to people and it wasnt that bad till around the years that happened. Peers even noticed. I didnt call police or anything because i know they just feel theyre poor and useless. Ive tried helping with family talk stuff and writing how we feel but they're just too extreme for my rationality it seems. Im waiting till im 18 to move out since they think im going to fail anyways. I cant talk to them anymore. I spent most my time reading latest science physics astronomy stuff and buildi g robots and tools in my room. I dont even find that fun at times. Im just trying to hang in there till i can leave forever. I ha r sisters who feel kinda bad because they wernt treated the same. Maybe cuz im the oldest? My dad feels intimidated at times and would call me retarded because he thought my scientific facts were wrong. He refused to let me show him evidence too. Hes always the first tk suggest physical violence towards me but when my parents are soing their fighting that also left scars on me i heard how he never realky was one for me. I guess the only reasons i havnt killed myselft yet are feelung bad for them somehow and wanting to help the world learn more about the universe. Their first baby was a miscarrage and now im the oldest. If that first one survived i probably wouldnt be alive. See us kids never asked to be born or for the best parents. I have no friends o consider very close anymore because i go to a shot school i hate now and i dont keep mucb contact. 2 still talk to me online even though im aloof.If you know mbti im Intp and my mum is Infp and dad Enfp. They were both abused too but from what i heard they were poorer and and got hit with belts and twigs. Yet they dare say they love me after having me choked punched neglected and emotionally abused. Am i being irrational by not getting proper help? I just would feel so bad if i put them in jail and my sisters seperated. Thats why im waiting to leave. Im the only problem. The lazy unsanitary bum they call and treat me as.tl;dr: choked at 9 and 12 punched an slapped and beat. I didnt commit suicide so i can better the world with science and i kinda feel bad for abusers situation some im stating till im 18.

My mother (46) started dating her boyfriend (50) about three years ago. Ever since he came into our lives he's always been a complainer, everything that makes him angry in the slightest bit he complains about. A few months into the relationship he got her pregnant. Fast forward to when my little brother (now almost 2) was born, it just got worse. On top of his constant complaining, he now screams at my little brother for doing everything a baby does. Cries? Screams at him. Plays to loud? Screams at him. Wakes up crying? Screams at him. He calls him annoying, stupid, says he'll hit him, etc. He never plays with him, he just leaves him to himself while he sits and watches TV. When my mom is around he's not as mean to him as he normally is, but it's still pretty bad. I've confronted him about it multiple times and he always completely ignores me and gets pissed at me. I've gotten into many arguments with him in the past, we never talk unless when he wants something from me. I don't know what to do. I've told my mom about it and she has tried talking to him about it but he won't even listen to her. I sit in my room every day feeling horrible while my stomach drops and I can feel my heart beat faster because I want to say something but I know he won't listen. I take my brother away from him as much as I can. Please help. Even my friends that have come over and family members that have heard him talk about how rude he is. I'm tired of it, this needs to stop before something even worse happens.
When I was 19 I was coerced into a relationship with a slightly older man who preyed on my inexperience and GAD to make me stay with him. He would repeatedly drive me to remote places for dates (I had no car) or take me on walks in the dark until I had no idea where I was. Within weeks of meeting him I had already had Thanksgiving dinner with his parents and been on a Christmas card with his dying grandmother. I repeatedly tried to distance myself from him in the early stages but he seemed to always have some emotional emergency that required me to be around him 24/7. It was like getting sucked into a flytrap. After about 9 months of verbal and emotional abuse, being forbidden from seeing my friends and family, and coerced sex, I spent a month out of the country with a school program and was able to break up with him while I was a safe distance away and had support nearby. This was ~3 years ago.I found out today from a friend who goes to his school that he got engaged to a 19 year old girl over the weekend. He's older now and if I remember correctly is almost done with law school. They've only been dating long distance, and for less than a year. I genuinely fear the worst for this girl. I know if he had asked me to marry him in my situation I probably would not have been able to say no. Is there anything I can do? Has anyone been through anything like this?I don't know the girl personally and we don't have any mutual friends. I know if I message her directly, he'll just tell her I'm some crazy vindictive ex and to ignore it. That's what he told me constantly about his previous ex before me. I can't say for sure that any actionable abuse is actually happening currently, so I wouldn't feel comfortable going to the police about it. Would it be out of line to try and contact one of her parents? Or maybe a friend? I don't know if I could live with myself just sitting by and not even trying to reach out to this girl.
So my boyfriend gropes me all the time and even when I have told him not to touch me that way. He does it all the time always having to slap his hand away or catch him touching me while both him and I are asleep. This I know is going to affect me in future relationships and I would feel so uncomfortable and embarrassed to tell anyone. I always tell him that he is essentially sexually abusing me. In anybody elses opinion would that be what it is considered? Sexual abuse? 
When I was six my grandma moved in with my mom and dad and I. Her husband (who I loved) had died and she was suicidal and had stopped eating and my dad had promised my grandpa he would care for her, so he had her move in. I *don't* know how my mom felt about this.My grandma would not let me do anything on my own. I was not allowed to go up and down stairs because I might fall and die. She had lost a child when he was ten (he died from an infection after heart surgery), and she tried to hold me to some of his limitations. She told me if the shower water pounded on my chest it would damage my heart (I spent years with anxiety about this). But most abusively, she did not let me go to the bathroom alone nor did she let me get dressed alone. I know she was still helping me get dressed for some goddamn reason when I got my second period (I was sitting on the bed naked when it started). She picked out all my clothes that I would wear each day. She would not let me shop for myself either, and I was often bullied for my "style." She liked to help me wipe till not too long before then (11 or 12) but that stopped when my dad had a stroke and she could obsess over his bathroom habits as well. Does wiping your kid/grandkid till they are 11 count as sexual abuse? I have no freaking idea.She tracked when I pooped. I was not allowed to go in public bathrooms ever because I would be molested or catch an STD. I was NOT allowed to use the bathroom at school, and she could tell when I was because of "volume." I shit myself in sixth grade and peed myself in 8th because I wasn't allowed to use the bathroom and was more scared of her than of my teacher/classmates. She also kept very careful track of when I pooped and would threaten me with enemas if I did not go every day. I'm also pretty sure, now, that she knew what foods would make me constipated and bought them on purpose. I can't prove that one, but it seems like since she kept careful track that she had to know what the issue was. Then once she had bought the food she would tell me if I didn't eat the whole package before it spoiled I would never get whatever it was again (even another type or flavor that wouldn't constipate me). She meant it. My mom still threatens to never buy food again if it is not all finished, and it drives me crazy (and she doesn't seem to understand why). I was also not allowed to cut my hair and it was waist or knee length for most of my childhood. Her rules also included me not being allowed in anyone else's house, and no one was allowed in ours (childhood birthday parties stopped when she moved in, and I was given one "big" gift instead as a bribe to not complain about it... the first was an NES).She died years ago, so this is largely moot, but my mom has become obsessed with this idea that I had a normal or good childhood and that she did the best she could. Once when she said this I brought up the wiping thing, and she got SO angry. She blew up at me and referred to it "as that thing you and she had." She said that I wanted my grandma to do that, that I wasn't willing to give it up, and that it had been my idea.Just... like... hell no. I was so shocked that she thought that (and was seemingly jealous of what I saw as being really abusive and weird, and that made me completely dependent on my mom and grandma as I knew how to do NOTHING on my own) and said so, so she got angry and went in the basement. End of conversation.I feel like they kept my hair long so they would have to brush it and wash it for me (I was not allowed to do either till high school). I didn't pick my own clothes from stores till college. I have absolutely no idea how I turned into a functioning adult. HOW can she be so blind as to think I would CHOOSE this? Furthermore, I'm nearly positive that my grandma's obsession with my bowel habits directly led to some of my IBS issues. My mom constantly tells me that I shouldn't mix up her and her mom and acts like she had nothing to do with any of this, but she lived in the house and had to know what was going on. In fact, her reaction tells me she knew EXACTLY what was going on. She did not work. She was always home. My grandma did not let her drive. My grandma controlled every last one of her decisions till after my grandma died. As I got older, and they started teaching me about sex, my grandma let me know that people who have sex are worthless and that smart people who contribute to society don't have sex. She pointed out that my karate teacher quit when he met his girlfriend and she led him astray and seduced him with her "sex." It was clear I was expected to never have it, not even if I got married (seriously). She also openly told me that I and my cousin would both be horrible parents. I couldn't imagine a situation worse than the one I was in, even though I was never hit and even though they never punished me. She would also threaten suicide if I disagreed or disobeyed her. Once, I wrote a story in which I told the truth--which is that she slept in my bedroom. It was for my 4th grade class. She forced me to write a retraction and tell my teacher I lied (I didn't) and read it to the class. Even then, she threatened to move out and told me she was going to kill herself and it was my fault and she spent an afternoon looking for apartments while I sat in my room alone, freaking out, thinking I had killed her. I was told by her that I should have known to lie to not cause the family to be embarrassed. I told my mom about this when I was in my 20s and she told me that I SHOULD have known to lie. I was always told that someday I'd be an adult and I'd understand. I'm an adult, and I'm finally angry and can honestly say I don't understand. I was socially isolated and made very dependent on the adults who were supposed to be raising me to be independent. They saw molestation and abuse everywhere except in themselves. I am ambivalent about letting my mom even be near children I might have (I have not had any, at least not yet) unsupervised, even though she was not the abuser in this case. Unless she can admit that what happened was NOT something I chose and stop blaming me and wishing she had that "relationship" with her mother it is almost impossible for me to have a relationship with her.I honestly don't evan have a question, I think I just needed to scream for awhile. I feel like I need to talk to my mom, but any conversation we have had ends in her accusing me of equating her to my grandma, storming away, or suggesting I liked what was happening then. :/
warning for explicit words in this postmy parents are paying for me to go to community college. (just started this year) But dads girlfriend is extremely abusive. shes a heavy drinking alcoholic. without going into too much detail, she screams at me and calls me a dirty cunt and a bitch when my dad is on business trips. she constantly berates me and calls me a piece of shit child who cant take care of herself.one time she got drunk and physically assaulted me infront of my father. she hit me and choked me and held me to the ground and he stopped her, but that was a year ago and shes still here.for context im a mentally ill 23 year old, and even so, i work full time and go to college part time. this is extremely disheartening to me. she makes me want to kill myself.I have a friend who is offering a place for me with them out of state until i can get a job and enough money to get a roommate or whatever, but im scared if losing my opportunity of school.what should i do? 
I've never had a good relationship with my mother and it's recently gotten pretty bad the past 6 months. I'm currently finishing up my junior year of high school and she's been insanely controlling ever since September.  I want to know if her behavior towards me could be considered as emotional abuse.We get into fights daily. She constantly compares me to other people who do better than me. She tells people information about me that I would rather keep private.  She tells her side of the family that I'm irresponsible, I'm a bad kid, etc. even though I haven't done anything bad. She will disregard my feelings/opinions and tell me that they're wrong and will never let go of any shortcomings of mine and disapproves of all my friends.  She told me that she blames me for how her life turned out and does NOT respect my boundaries or privacy. My father works in a different country and my older brother is in college so I’m stuck with her. She won't let me lock my bedroom door. If I do, she will use the key to open my door. She used to enter the bathroom when I was using it if I happened to not lock the door. She hardly ever lets me out since she thinks I need to study all the time and that right now, she tells me that my life is about studying and getting into college. Life isn’t only about school. I’m not a bad kid. I’m currently ranked 39/630 people in my class and I have a 4.85 weighted GPA. I hardly ever go out since she won’t let me. She dislikes all my friends, except for one of them, who she only likes because they always study and get good grades. All my other friends are average, which she doesn’t like, and she thinks that if I hang out with them, I will lose focus and get dragged down by them. She hates when I go out to group study, since she thinks that only studying by myself will work, but how would she know? She isn’t me; she doesn’t know what study habits work for me.  My SAT/ACT scores are on the higher end of average. I know I should improve, but her constantly yelling in my ear about how they aren’t good enough is pulling me down. But my school grades are more than enough and I am personally happy with my grades, when she is obviously not. She says that she was “too late” in telling me what to do. She is pushing this one college in my face, and the more she talks about it and says that maybe I can’t get into it, makes me not want to go and get the hell away from her even more. Then she tells me to get a job, but then she gets mad when I’m not studying. And she sure as hell isn’t supportive. August 2015, we were having a fight and she was yelling and said that we wanted to hit me.  April? 2016, we're in a fight again over how I’m a bad kid and how I don’t try or work hard, and she says that how I act makes me deserve to get hit. I’m pretty sure she was about to come hit me. I told her that if she hit me, I would call the police, and she says that the police wouldn’t care about someone like me.  She threatened to take away my car insurance, and she called our cell phone provider to cancel my phone plan since I wouldn’t give her my phone. I ended up giving her my phone so she wouldn’t cancel anything. She said that she wanted to send me to a mental hospital. (I used to go to a therapist over my anxiety and cultural issues since I’m Chinese and I currently live in the US. I had trouble dealing with my mother’s mindset and how the two cultures clashed. I stopped going since our insurance stopped covering it.) I then tell her that I want to go back to my old therapist, but my mother tells me that she wasn’t helping, she was just “on my side,” and basically implied that I was wasting money, when really, it really did fucking help me. I’ve told her that all of this was verbal/emotional abuse, which might’ve not been a great idea. She then starts yelling about how I abuse her (?????) and how I’m uncontrollable, how no other kid is like me, I’m such a bad  kid. When I confronted her about how it isn’t right to tell a kid that you want to hit them, she tells me that it’s normal in Chinese culture, and that only she can talk to me like this since she is my mother. I told my brother through text about her saying she wanted to hit me but he never brought it up and now I don’t feel like bringing it up since he’s always been condescending and my mother always takes his side and vice versa. I honestly just want to get away for a bit. I don’t like my house, I hate all the memories of yelling and all of the fights.  I want to know if this is just what every teenager goes through, or if I’m being an ungrateful fuck. I understand that she wants the best for me -  I do appreciate that she’s cooked, cleaned, etc. for me but the way she’s constantly pushing school down my throat and making me feel like an utter failure and such a disappointment has led to me wishing I could get away and leave. I would never commit suicide, but suicidal ideation has been frequent the past few months. How do I cope with her? Is this emotional abuse?

My son has told me several times, most recently today, that his dad beats the dog with a metal stick. He told me that he hit him "over & over" with a metal stick, & the dog was laying in the corner trying to hide, & screaming when the stick hit him. After dad stopped, my son was told to open the basement door, & the dog ran downstairs. Dad followed, & locked the dog in his kennel. My son said he is worried about the dog because he doesn't want it to get hurt.  He also said that his dad beat the dog because the dog allowed the neighbor to pet him, & his dad wants the dog to "protect" the house. There have been a lot of long standing problems between dad & I.  Dad was physically abusive to me when we were together. Dad also had a child protective services case opened against him in the past for physical abuse (not my son, another child). I have called child protective services as well, & they investigated, & shut the case. My son makes me promise not to tell anybody the things he tells me about his dad because he doesn't want to get in trouble, he doesn't want his dad to yell at me, so I hesitate to react because I don't want my son to get in trouble, & nothing is done about the abuse. I don't know what to do. Help!
My moms incredibly abusive, ever since I was young, which is what's caused me to be suicidal/have mental problems since I was about 8. She refuses to take me to a therapist, and the only other option I have is to go live with my dad, except he's currently unemployed and can't really provide for me at the moment. Is there anything else I can do? If I was to tell my school counselor about the abuse what would happen?? I just turned 17 so I have to wait another year until I can finally move out. 
I will try to tl;dr this as much as possible and just try to have bullet points of things about her and what he does to herShe was in a physical and psychologically abusive relationship when she was youngerHe hit her and treated her poorly, but she never left him until she straight up caught him fucking another girl. She admitted she probably wouldn't have left eitherAnd here comes new psychologically abusive man to save her from the first. This is him from here on. We'll call him assholeShe is miserable because of asshole, knows she is miserable because of him, admits her future will be miserable if she's stuck with him, and yet she tries to laugh of it off as if it's a joke. She KNOWS what she's in, but she can't get herself out because she is in love with him.When asshole dated her years ago (they've know each other for 6 years) , her dumped her for another girl. Then he took the girl on a vacation to Vegas that he had planned with her.Apparently new girl used asshole for his money and dumped him, and then my friend felt sorry for him (there will be a recurring theme here probably: he is always made out to be the victim, a textbook thing people like this do). I personally believed he lied but whatever, I wasn't there. The point is he knew it would take something big for her to take him back, so he worked his way into making her feel sorry for himThey've been "off and on" for years, but it's never really off. They were "broken up", but then when she found a guy she liked, it eventually ended because asshole made her break up with him. (I'm pretty sure he threatens her with impossible ultimatums, but she is always purposely vague here.)He always says things to her like "If you really want me to, I'll leave you alone", and when she says she wants him to lay off, or anything, he doesn't listen. One time he literally called her 16 times over and over again because she got upset and hung up on him.He also always cries and threatens suicide if she doesn't want to talk to him.He is out of state, and lately he's been calling her every night and she has been out drinking and getting trashed because she is so scared and stressed about when he comes backHe is always saying how much he wants to marry her and settle down and start a family, even though before he dropped her like nothing for that other girl. He has full control over my friend and she is the best possible trophy for him. She is literally nothing to him but someone to have power on and she knows this, but again, it doesn't matter. She always says it's "okay" and "it could be worse" and that she has "had worse", but never that she is happyOh, when asshole was with the other girl he would constantly text her saying how she was in bed and how much better she was.He tried to cheat with her on the girl he left her forShe says how much he "changes", but it's obvious he changes so much because he sees what she's needs and becomes itHe tried to convince her that she had a mental problem like dementia because she couldn't remember exactly when certain things happened that he would bring up.He always tells her there is something wrong with herThere's so much more about them that is so fucked up, but I'm rushed at the moment and I just want to ask for help before I change my mindShe is in college, has a job, has a good family, she has such a bright future.....if he wasn't there.She is completely miserable all the time and just drinks and parties when she can now. I've told her he is everything that is making her sad, but she denies it and says it's a whole bunch of other things. Just today I literally asked her to name ONE - A SINGLE THING - that is making her upset that isn't linked to him, and she couldn't. She couldn't name a single thing, then she laughed it off as always.She KNOWS he is making, and will keep making, her life hell, yet she is so brainwashed she can't do anything about it. I NEED HELP IN HELPING HER, I don't know what to do. Oh and the biggest problem is that I don't live anywhere near her or know people she knows, so I can't try to get other people she knows to help her. She can't do it herself and I can't do it for her. I really don't know what to do
I've never been entirely sure.My then-girlfriend told me she were going to commit suicide and then disappeared for four weeks. She didn't reply to emails or texts, nothing. Throughout these four weeks I was panicking and unable to concentrate on anything. She then continued to do the same even after I met up with her, only talking when we were face to face. When I confronted her about it, she told me it was my fault, that I was driving her to drink and she couldn't cope.Was this abuse? I thought it was but the only person I've ever told devalued it and I've never been sure.
Hello, I made an account because I witnessed the generally great support base and good advice I've witnessed upon browsing this subreddit previously. I am a victim of household domestic abuse; mostly emotionally and verbally, but also physically in recent weeks. I am a 17 year old male who recently came out as gay to my family (a few months ago), and based on their reaction I have not revealed my sexuality to anyone else. I grew up relatively sickly, and as a result of spending more time resting in bed than partaking in physical activities I'm also quite weak and cannot defend myself against their physical onslaughts. Excuse me if any of that information was unnecessary, I just want to get the situation down as accurately as possible. Before my coming-out my parents were generally good to me. However, they were very strict with me and hardly let me do anything outside of the house. I assumed it was because of my sickliness, but I don't really know, it may be a mix of that and control. They constantly patrolled my schoolwork and school activities, ensuring I was never getting less than a B average (more lenient than only As, but they still always voiced disappointment for Bs) any assignment, paper, or project lower than that (even a B-) resulted in a grounding and harsh reprimanding that made me feel like absolute shit, excuse my language. It would entail things like "We thought you were better than this," "Do you really want to miss your chance to be successful?" and "Do what you wish, you decide your own future. If you want to fail, go ahead. We won't support you." It wasn't necessarily abuse, but just a lot of controlling situations that really used to make me upset. We are also a religious family, Catholic to be exact, but it's never been a huge part of our family life, which is why this surprises me.When I came out a few months ago, they were completely disgusted and outraged. They shook their heads, grimaced, and scoffed. I remember clearly my father saying "We didn't raise you to be like this. We didn't raise you to be a disgrace. You did this to yourself." much like when I "failed" an assignment but more harsh. It shocked me, depressed me even. I didn't expect a good reaction because of their possessive personalities, but I didn't necessarily expect full-on disgust. However, I was still glad to get the weight of the secret off my shoulders. That is, until my father came into my room that night. He lectured me about my disgusting ways, and explained how he'd have to keep me from society to keep me from being "disgusting." I have since been disallowed from going anywhere or doing anything outside of curricular school activities. No extracurricular, no clubs, no more piano lessons. I must come straight home on time, and must go to bed at 9:00 PM sharp. My parents mostly ignore me aside from dirty looks and head shakes. They limit my internet time (one to two hours a day), and sometimes even my food consumption as punishment. I was not allowed to have dinner last night or the night before. I have been shunned. Now, if I get less than satisfactory grades, they go all out with their anger. They beat me with their hands or belts, until I am so sore I can barely walk sometimes. They call me horrible, disgusting names, and they make me stay in my room if I mess up anything from spilling a drink on the floor (I'm clumsy, I know) to not taking my shoes off at the door. Their treatment gets steadily more cruel, and the one time I threatened to notify authorities, my father grabbed me by the neck and refused to let go despite cutting off my airways until I choked out an apology and shook my head desperately when he asked if I would ever do that again. They claim they are only trying to help me. But I am in constant mental and physical pain anymore. I am honestly on the verge of suicide at points, even though it most likely won't happen. I just want to get away, and hope to survive my final year at home (I am getting into a college for sure). Either way, I feel like such a screw-up. I feel that this is all my fault, and that I never should have been so bold as to come out. I just need some advice and encouragement on how I can either alleviate the abuse or notify authorities without them finding out until it's too late for them to harm, or even kill me. I apologize if this is too lengthy or melodramatic. I really do. But at this point I am kind of desperate for advice.Thank you so much.
My relationship is very unhealthy. My husband and I are constantly on a roller coaster up and down. He blames me for pretty much it all. Im the one with the problem. Hes convinced that I am the focus of his depression, and even bigger for his occasional suicidal thoughts. It first came up in an argument. We made up but he never took it back and it continued to eat at me. I brought it up that it has been eating at me and weighing me down that he thinks its me that causes him to be suicidal and an argument pursued, a bad one. He thinks I'm the center of his life problems and that if he ever commits suicide I should know it is my fault somehow. Someone tell me, Can someone cause a person to be suicidal or is it on them? It isn't rational for me to hold my problems in to keep the peace is it? Help. 
To begin, she has attempted to leave him in the past. She seems to both hate him and love him. She views him as an angry, bitter, toxic person, but at the same time she has had good times with him and focuses on those. Information from conversations I've had with her in the past:She thinks the fact that she loves him can be attributed to how long they've known one another, almost explicitly.She doesn't know why she doesn't break up with himHe constantly belittles herShe feels as if she has to walk on eggshells to avoid fightsShes admitted to liking me a lot, and I've admitted the same to her. Upon expressing that I wouldn't want to cause confusion in their relationship (what brought up the abuse thing), she said the only confusion I had caused was showing she didn't deserve the treatment he is constantly giving her.He lives fairly far away (over 2,000 miles).I just don't know what I can do to help her. I feel like if I try to persuade her to break up with him, I myself would be being manipulative. I'm lost in my own thoughts. Any advice would be welcome.
So, to start off, I'm 16 year old gay male. I arranged for a guy to pick me up and take me to his place so we could hook up. He was 33. I know it was illegal. I know all this shit. I just need some support. He stuck a dildo in me and it really hurt, so I told him it didn't feel good and to take it out. He flat out said "No." I also asked him to slow down when he was fucking me, and he said "this is how I fuck." I get the feeling he wouldn't have done those things to me if I was his age. I was too scared to be forceful. He probably would have raped me if I did. I will not give you any information concerning my location, when it happened, whatever. If I were to tell my parents, my life would be torn apart. They would scream at me for days and take away my internet access until college. It would be more trouble than it's worth, trust me. I just need some support and validation that it isn't my fault, and that will help me so much more than telling me how I could have prevented this or whatever. 


Please help me figure out what type of relationship I was in.I'm an 18 y/o Jewish girl. I was involved with an Arab guy 18/M for 5 years on/off. Long time. Over the course of the relationship in high school,(Ages 14-15) he did - cheat on me, flirt with other girls behind my back.-at many points said we needed a new hitler, made fun of jews, etc.-talked shit about me behind my back, calling me a bitch etc for no reason.-would lead me on, use me in a sexual way and then say he didn't like me at all in that way.-would constantly bring up his ex in front of me, knowing it upset me.Ages (16-18)-would sometimes shove me,once pushed me on floor.-occasionally would grab me in arguments.-i found out he cheat on me online about 5-7 times, if not more.-would beat himself up literally in front of me (would punch, bite, slap, scratch, slap himself) or take my hand and force me to hit him.-his parents are anti semitic/racist and would make fun of my skin color, would make fun of the way i looked, called me ugly and he did not stand up for me or tell them to stop-he once grabbed me, dug his nails into my arms and slapped me over throwing a blanket on the bed.-his friends would talk shit about me to him, once again did not stop them.-when his parents found out we were dating, they threatened to kill me & my mom, told me to rot in hell, called me a bitch, called me a whore, told me to go fuck myself, called us stupid, basically any horrible thing you could think of. once again he did not defend me and never stood up for me.-on one occasion, I got drugged by people i thought were my friends. i was alone with them in another city and I was panicking and afraid, so i called him hoping he could help me or do something. Instead? he started YELLING at me for going, saying i was dumb for going, saying it was my fault , and i was stressing him out and he should break up with me and i was begging him, while drugged up not to leave and he'd be saying "How does it feel now to beg??? Does it feel good?" while I was sobbing and screaming. It was traumatic. Theres more that happened, but I can't type more...I was there for him a lot and I put up with a lot to be with him, and I'm still confused on why that had to happen to me. Sometimes he could be the most kind, sweet and loving person. He would do the most sweet and thoughtful things, but then he had the most ugly side too and I am genuinely confused.. Please help me figure this out? We are broken up, but I still love him and find myself wanting to be with him. I grew so attached to him, its hard for me. Someone talk sense into me please or explain, I need help. Thank you.
I've been thinking about this recently and just want some opinions. In short, I crave emotional and physical abuse. I find myself almost manipulating my love interest (current and former) into creating an abusive relationship dynamic with me. I won't go into too much detail but for example: I've been seeing [31/M] for about 6 months. We have a pretty complicated and rocky relationship. We are not officially together but I am in love with him and he treats me terribly. In short, he knows I want to be in a relationship with him and he really uses that to his advantage although he is hesitant to commit because he's "scared of being in a relationship again." That part is true but he basically strings me along knowing I'll fall more in love with him, which I do. Right now he is "thinking" about being with me, telling me that if he makes me his I will "live in his world" and do exactly what he says, run every single thing I want to do by him before doing it/agreeing to plans. Sounds fucked up right? Not for me because that's EXACTLY what I want. I wouldn't say it necessarily turns me on (it does sometimes but that's not a big part of it) but I just really like and enjoy it. It makes me feel good, sometimes bad, but bad in a good way. This sounds so pathetic that I'm following this guy around waiting like a little puppy dog but the process is honestly great for our dynamic in my mind. Every command turns me on and makes me trust, love, and what him so much more. I really just want to serve him and make him happy. I want him to smack me hard when I talk back (he wouldn't, and that's his one downfall), not really give a shit about what I want, etc. To clarify, I've been in this situation with many others so it isn't just something he specifically has turned me on to. I was just giving this example to share how my mind works.Just really felt like sharing I guess and getting opinions on this. I've tried googling about this to see if anyone else is like me but I haven't found anyone turned on by emotional manipulation and physical abuse. I probably sound really dumb but I'm actually pretty smart and know exactly what I'm setting myself up for.If anyone has any input or if anyone feels similarily I would love to talk with you.Fully prepared for the backlash this will get lol.tl:dr; i love emotional and physical abuse and it is necessary for me in my relationships.
I'm sorry if this isn't the right place for this type of post.A friend of mine is breaking down right now because a friend of hers is being abuse. She lives in Illinois, is 16, and has being going to and from rehab for drugs. (at first weed then harder stuff) She lives with her grandmother and father whom is a recovered addict but beats the hell out of her. Mom is in a residential recovery home for drugs.My friend is concerned for her very much. She has debated calling the police but has held off because she has no other family that her friend can go to. She would like to get her emancipated and if possible be living with her but with the history of rehab she isn't too sure about the likelihood of that.Any help or advice would be appreciated.
My fiancé is a veteran, he did two tours of duty and in the process was injured by an IED which gave him a TBI and he was recently diagnosed with PTSD. It's an extremely long story so if you want the details, please message me, but I'm not sure if it qualifies as emotional abuse or if I'm being a spoiled brat. We have a 4 month old daughter as a side note. Due to outside circumstances as well as having a baby, I do not currently have a job. I stay at home and raise our daughter while he works. He rarely helps with her and also expects me to keep the apartment spotless (I'll admit I'm a bit of a slob and our daughter has some stomach issues so it's hard to juggle everything). Most of the time I'm up from 6 in the morning until 3 in the morning and he takes her begrudgingly for no more than two minutes before figuring out an excuse to hand her off. He doesn't feed her. He doesn't clean her diaper. Never volunteers to help, I have to force him to and half the time he pretends he doesn't hear me asking the first 15 times and then he acts like I'm a dick for needing a break. Anyway he does this thing where he gets mad at me for spending too much time at home and he tells me I need more friends to go out with, but I go it once a month with his sister and whenever I come home from that I get a total rage fest whether it's out in the open or passive aggressive because how dare I leave him with the baby for a few hours. (Don't get me wrong he's very good with her, very gentle and he never yells at her or anything like that, he adores her for the short amount of time he deigns to spend with her). He also recently has picked up this thing (among the myriad other things he does including belittling me) where he nastily prods me to "get a hobby". As I'm sure you can infer from the above, I don't HAVE TIME for any of my hobbies anymore. I used to draw (I can show you some pictures if any of you are interested) and I used to write A LOT. Fanfiction, original stories, whatever. But according to him I am "crazy" and stressed from only taking care of the baby and so I need to "get a hobby" to keep from "hurting her". I have never ever ever ever hurt her, she's my entire world and I do everything with her. Recently he asked me what I needed in order to "have a hobby". I told him I needed some time to myself where I don't need to take care of the baby, where I don't need to worry about rushing around every time she cries and he laughed at me and very meanly said "you don't think you have enough time?" (I'm assuming he says this because he thinks that only Big Manly Men who Have Jobs don't have free time. Except he does have free time. He just never allows ME to have it but his time Matters More because he works. Last year at around this time HE was jobless and I was supporting both of us on 12 dollars an hour but let's never remember that. Or if I do bring it up he gets rude and derisive "I knew you would bring that up. I've done more than you fucking did"). Anyway I thought for a few hours about it and thought maybe he was talking about material objects so I told him fine, I want my own computer. (I've wanted a Mac for years and he's known it, and we damn well make enough for it and have a very large amount of money right now because he uses work as a way to avoid his responsibilities as a father or as a fiancé). He went into this huge lecture about how even though we have more than enough right now we are somehow not in a good place because we don't have anything in savings (because he hasn't moved some of that paycheck to savings yet) and that we have to think of the credit cards and blah blah blah so I guess he didn't really want me to come up with something that would help me get a hobby, he wanted me to bat my eyelashes and say "oh sweetie!! you and the baby ARE my hobby!!!" He also went on to tell me that MAYBE I can have my own computer (he has a work computer sorry for not clarifying) on my birthday next year. That's October...2017. The Mac I wanted was 1500 but would last for YEARS and I eventually want to do story boarding or character design for Bioware so I need to have an artsy computer to become familiar with transferring my art to the graphic media. I was also doing graphic design for my last company on a Mac and want to keep it up. Am I being spoiled?? Or is there something else here?? (Besides all the shit he's done I haven't mentioned. No physical violence though, I would have dropped him in a heartbeat and his sisters would have murdered him before I could get out of state). 

Hi reddit.Asking for a friend: Looking for an android app that automatically records phone conversations with a specific contact. Preferably one that can backup files automatically to Dropbox or Google Drive. Edit: Found http://beebom.com/best-call-recorder-android-apps/Please, if you have experience and recommendations for these apps, do share. Is there a taylor-made solution to this problem perhaps?
My friend has lived in a physically abusive household. Her mother and siblings have all been victims. She's now an adult, but still depends on him because she has complicated medical issues, is under his insurance, and in need of his financial involvement.What are her options? She's open to finally speaking out about her father to get him the help he needs, but she's very worried that she won't be able to receive the financial support required for herself.
I will start by saying I am really sorry you are in that situation. I have been in two abusive relationships and during the second was so ashamed I had ended up in that position again. I was confused and scared and felt so ashamed for how I was acting my self esteem completely spiraled and my own behavior and his got worse and worse. That was three years ago and I still feel shame and guilt and my self esteem until recently was nonexistent. I have been getting therapy and with a supportive partner and I feel that is a combination of luck and just feeling like I needed to make a big change. I was at such a low place and it seems, not to be judgmental, but you might be in a pretty low place. I don't exactly know what honestly anyone can say to help you but you, but my best advice is trying to rethink your thought cycles. Every time you tell yourself that you deserve where you are, tell yourself no matter what happened in your life that you don't. When you are thinking you don't deserve to be loved in a safe healthy way, which I am guessing you think a lot, tell yourself you do. When he puts you down, tell yourself he is wrong. The more you tell yourself these things, the more you will believe it and the more it will start to feel real. You both have had a hard time and probably a hard life and it is hard and scary to try to rebuild yourself after something like this, but it is completely doable. No matter how low you get. You just have to accept it will take time and love and support and the best person to give all that to you is yourself. I would say leave when you can and give yourself time and love and be alone for awhile. I had to learn this the hard way but the best way to feel happy and loved is from yourself. When you can do that, which you can, and when you do it will be completely freeing, nothing can touch you. And you wouldn't stick around for anything that makes you feel worthless. It takes a long time though, so best to start soon. I really mean it, I think the best way to change what is happening externally is to change what is happening internally. Start to tell yourself you love yourself more often. its really small changes that will have the biggest impact.Message me if you want to talk.
He (25M) was so subtle in his abuse that I (23F) never really saw it for what it was; I fell hard and fast for him. Everything was so intense, I'd never met anyone who cared so much about me. Our good times were euphoric, we talked about marriage all the time. But as time went on it became more controlling, I realized he made me cut contact with all my friends and family. The ONLY time we ever spent apart was while working, and hed text the whole time and get upset if i didn't respond right away. His jealousy was so intense that Itd cause a night-long fight if he knew a male customer talked to me. Him and I would fight 3 out of 4, maybe 5 nights and the fights would last all night. His anger scared me. He never actually laid a hand on me, but the intensity in his eyes as he'd storm up to me, getting right in my face as he yelled had me scared out of my mind. He'd convince me they weren't ACTUALLY fights, and that I just needed to become stronger and get used to the fights cause they meant progress. I never saw the progress, all it did was tear me down, piece by piece. I walked on eggshells every day trying not to trigger another fight, i avoided doing what I wanted or asking for anything just in case. We always had just enough good times to keep me from leaving.. when my family finally had enough contact with me to help me get out, i felt like every single thing was crumbling around me. I had lost the love of my life, the person who was supposed to be my Forever. I focused on all the good times and justified all the bad. Its been two weeks and i struggle every damn day to not go back. that relationship felt like a drug, the highs were so damn intense I just want one more hit. I don't understand why this relationship, the one that tore me down and made me the least happy, is the relationship I miss the most. I don't understand why I can't stop loving the person that broke me down.
It all started when I was a little girl. I was about 6 years old when my parents divorced. I was happy about it because my dad was and is an alcoholic. I by law, have to visit my dad every second weekend. i hate those weekends. Ever since I can remember he has been calling me fat, useless etc. He has told me many times that I'm not allowed to wear anything form fitting because I'm an embarrassment to him. I weigh 55kgs and I'm 161cm tall. thanks to him I've always felt fat. Even when someone makes the slightest comment about my weight I feel like crying. He always becomes drunk at about 11am. he has his first few drinks then. For the rest of the day he is drunk and continually harasses me. I can barely look anyone in the eye when I talk to them due to a lack of confidence. I can't even look at myself in the mirror without cringing. I don'y know how to handle it anymore
A friend of mine suffers from an extremely controlling parent. She is verbally abused and in the past, physically. Things like "Why can't you be as good as ..." or "You're lucky I kept you", "Don't trust anyone else in this world, no one cares about you, only I care about you.", and "Never get a boyfriend because when you get married, he will never respect you." Any suggestions?
i have been in therapy for my low self esteem for a couple of years now, and have made progress. there have been a lot of changes in my life recently that have really brought my poor self esteem to the surface once again, and it has become clear to me that the two people in my family that have emotionally abused me ever since i was a child (i am 25 now) need to have some more extreme boundaries, and i may even possibly cut them out entirely because they are toxic. one is my sister and one is my mother. my sister was the person in my life that made me feel unsafe and horrible the most, and she is who i would like to focus on. here is a synopsis on the emotional abuse i've endured from her. she is my older sister by the way. my mom is a whole other story.As a young child, she would bully me and push me around. My parents would manage it when they were around, but they couldn’t always protect me. From day one I didn’t feel like she was on my side. I would fight back and object, but I never felt like I had the upper hand. Even in preschool she would gang up on me with other older children and they would bully me together, she would also do this with neighborhood kid friends, and even cousins (tease me, make fun of me, exclude me, put me down). When we started to get a little older (7-11 years), and my sister and I had some good times. However, every time I seemed to let her in and feel comfortable with her, and felt like she was my friend, she would hurt me again and I would hate myself for being so dumb (still our relationship cycle to this day). In between good times as young children (7-11), she was always the star of the show. All of my family seemed to favor her and praise her, while I never felt I got any praise, and if I did I never really felt like it was genuine and never really felt proud of myself. It was always sort of "pitying" for not being as wonderful as her. I remember all of my sister's various awards from soccer or school that she had gotten that were framed on the wall, and my mom felt bad so she made a fake one for me and hung it up with my name on it. She was always better in school, sports, had more friends, was prettier, etc. She would laugh and say things to me when we were alone like “I am the golden child”. I had problems with allergies and asthma that affected me that she never had, (always had puffy eyes that she would make fun of, asthma medication caused me to be skinnier and she made fun of that) amongst many other things that she would capitalize on, so from that age on I had insecurities about my self image. I always felt like I was less than, and she reinforced that directly to me with what seemed like pleasure. To this day, she still seems to relish in being cruel to people. By age 12 there was not a single thing I could do that she would not put me down for. Every single day was a mental beat down. Anything I did or liked was wrong and stupid, she would take joy in humiliating me in from of others (telling me that I was making a fool of myself when I was crying at family function because she said something hurtful to me, one time she played a video of me in my underwear in front of boy she knew I liked- I was prepubescent with headgear and glasses in the video), she would constantly invade my privacy in order to put me down and make fun of me, always bursting into my room without knocking. Anything I was doing, music I was listening to, art I was working on was scrutinized (often in front of her friends). I developed a strong fear of other people knowing things about me and ridiculing me for them, so I started keeping my true opinions and feelings a secret, even all the way down to what music I liked. For awhile music was a trigger for me and I couldn’t allow other people to know my musical tastes. All the while everyone seemed to still like and praise her more (every kid at school seemed to value me only as her sister, family was always so impressed with her) and it was also “normal” to me as this was all I knew. By high school I hated her, but in secret because I knew nobody would agree with me- she had to drive me to school because she had a car first, and she was always very mean to me when we were together, treating me as if she was disgusted with me. She would act like she didn’t know me in the halls, along with the usual verbal put downs daily. I was painfully shy with fear, so I could barely talk let alone function like a normal girl. By this time I was doing drugs to escape the pain, which gave her another thing to use. I remember overhearing her with her friends mocking me about doing heroin-which I had never actually done at that point. In hindsight it seems strange to me that kids as old as highschool would do this. Meanwhile she had straight A’s and was the most popular girl in school (no exaggeration). Eventually I moved in with my dad to escape her(my parents got a divorce during this time, which is also a whole other story). Life was hell and this was the time I started thinking a lot about suicide, and experimenting with therapy and antidepressants. I had therapists harshly tell me I was jealous of my sister, told me to be more like her, misdiagnosed me (I was only 16 so to diagnose me with mental illness and shove pills at me seems unethical). Nothing worked, I had no self worth and started cutting myself around this time. I still to this day get urges to do it, but I know it is not socially acceptable and as an adult I cannot do that. Unfortunately I broke this the day before yesterday, was triggered by my sister and cut myself for the first time in almost 10 years. This is what made me realize it's time to cut her out of my life. She used to tell me I was a spoiled brat in high school when my mom bought me new glasses (even though she maxed out her credit card on a brand new computer she didn't need). Since then, even if I try to “get over the past”, I simply cannot care for her. I still hate her, and she is still cruel, but is very sneaky about it. Once I ran into her on the street after high school we were both with our groups of friends and she called me minutes later crying because she felt like she “didn’t know me”. I felt like telling her she will never know me. We tried to have time together, but it never really stuck and she would usually revert back to old habits of bullying me. Even if I try to have confidence and be her friend, even the sight of her gives me a panic attack. If I had my way I probably would never see her again. I am also not the only person who feels this way about her personality- my mother and father both have felt like she treats them in the same way and it is hurtful to them, she makes my mom cry on a regular basis. My mom is always clawing for her approval and constantly values her over me STILL, so even with the cruelty towards my mom, she is still praised. Friends of hers have also confided in me about her. I think I am the only person who has been this deeply affected, and in the past have been her main target of abuse. I think she used stepping all over me to gain her own confidence. Within the past few years as an effort to get close/rebuild something that had been broken my sister has said lots of nice things to me that I think she means, and does love me. I secretly think it is fake, though. It confuses me even more because sometimes she also falls into old patterns of treating me badly when we are together and I shut down. I know that she does not understand or know the extent of how she has affected me. This has affected my other relationships in my life and I have gotten into a pattern of having manipulative, abusive relationships. I am at the point now where I have broken the cycle, but I still do not believe I deserve much. I at least know logically now that my story is valid, and I am trying to take the proper steps in having a healthy life. She would say comments saying I was a lesbian because I had a friend who was a girl, and I had cold sores that I got from my mom as a very young child (which of course she never got). Anyone else deal with something similar? Would love to hear from you.

I physically abuse members of my household, and it sickens me. I get overcome with rage and I don't know how to handle it...I need help. How can I get over being physically abusive?
Im think this may qualify as abuse not sure. I was lying in bed facing my right wall because I felt sick. This person came in my room to see me but  brought a rubber band and intentionally aimed it at my butt. It hit it and still hurts Anyway after they burst out laughing like it was funny and left me meanwhile I am upset they think its a joke. the same person also slaps my butt and tickles me their sometimes afterI have toldthem to stop it
Hi every one... So about a year ago I met a guy named David on fetlife. This was my 1st real bdsm relationship. We met and got into things. At 1st he was awesome. We had the same kinks. (Sharing,pain, degradation) so we got together about every week. About a month into out relationship things started changing. He would start drinking heavily. While doing things to me. I had my nipples pierced at that time. He hit my boobs so hard that my nipple rings would pop out and pour blood. So we talked and he said he would stop. He didn't of course. He never showed proper aftercare. Things got worse after that. He picked me up from work one day took me to strangers house. Forced me to beg this man for sex. I told him I wanted to go home, I was sleepy. And wore out from work. He got so mad at that. That he hit me till my nipple rings popped out again and bleed. Once we got to the room to go to sleep. He told me if I ever said I wanted to leave he would beat till I was black and blue and leave me on my porch. I should have left again. But I was sacred. We took a break after that. Two weeks later we got back together. He said he had a friend coming over. And I was be a good little girl. I was made to strip down and bend over and wait till this man came and did things to me. David and him got me so messed up on Molly. That I didn't know what was going on. So this man leaves and in comes another man. Same thing happened. So he leaves. And in thinking thank god we are done. Nope...... He takes me to North Carolina. So I can be with another girl and two guys. Where I was made to do meth. We leave the next morning. He tells me I'm a waste of space and a buzzkill. Turns out that he had made a ad on Craigslists so these strange men would use me. I ended it after that. I found out a month later I had a std (I got rid of it). I told him that it was his fault. He said I shouldn't have been such a whore. So that was the end of that talk. But I fucked up later. My grandpa passed away a couple months later. I was in a bad place so I started talking to him again. Only to find he had made another ad on Craigslist this time for two bi men to fuck us both. I ended it. I was so scared for a while that he was going to hurt me. I blocked him on everything. I even moved. I found out last month that he is in jail. And I'm so happy... But a part of me is upset and sad. Not sure why. I am now in a happy healthy relationship. And I am moving and getting married soon. I'm still very much involved in bdsm. Just Safe and healthy 
I accidentally hit my boyfriend in the eye when we were playing around and he hit me in the back of the head so hard I had a pain in my neck that lasted two days. He apologized and said he didn't mean to do it, it was just a reaction. However it has bugged me ever since. We have been together 4 years and he has tried to break up with me multiple times, any time we get in an argument. I have lived in fear of setting off his short temper so I walk on egg shells and don't bring up or the about certain things for fear of him trying to break up with me again. He can't tell me why he is with me and never compliments me and has never said I love you back. I'm not a perfect girlfriend either as I'm really sensitive and hormonal. He has said from day one he doesn't think we are compatible. But he is nice a lot of the time too. I've never had so many of the same interests as someone, and no one has been as goofy as me or made me laugh that I've dated before. I really don't know what to do. I need advice.
When I was younger my mother would hit me, not only a slap on the bottom but slaps to the face. While she never used a closed fist it still hurt and more so now because I associate certain words and actions with being hurt and its fucking with my head.I have this friend that doesn't know anything about it but we are close and she knows about my history of child sexual abuse. Last night when looking after her after oral surgery she yelled at me to "shut the fuck up you useless bitch" I realise its just pain talking but that sent me back into the past and now I'm flinching at any loud noise and deep down I'm terrified that she will hurt me. I'm waiting for her to start hitting me and also terrified that she hasn't. I don't know if I can tell her anything cos the sexual stuff only men trigger me but I don't want to tell her about the physical stuff. 
So, long story short: Due to a long series of events that I don't want to go into here, I wound up in a relationship with a guy who... doesn't always treat me well. Don't know how to talk about it.I'm a slob. I'll admit that. I was raised in an abusive household, so I enjoy not having to answer to anyone but myself. Having a messy household is better for my mental health because I can wake up in that household and know I'm not going to be forced to clean Or Else. I also suffer from ADHD and postpartum depression, so things like organization are difficult for me.I'm also kind of a bitch... to most of the people where I am now. Those who know me well know I'm a sap who would do anything to take care of the people I love, but most of those people don't live where I am (small East-coast town) and are completely powerless to help me. I don't like anyone in the town I'm currently in, and I don't apologize for that that (though I'll make another post about that later). I met my fiance after a long string of events led me to cut ties with my entire social circle. I got pregnant three months later because of a birth control slip up (he's allergic to latex and I have no idea how to use hormonal birth control, apparently). He stayed with me through the pregnancy. I put the baby up for adoption after a C-section. I thought that was the end of it.But... no. It's not the end of it. His temper's gotten worse - probably in relation to his job (he works 16 hour days), but also probably in relation to how long it's taking me to get over the postpartum depression - and I can't help but wonder if maybe the problem isn't our external circumstances. Sometimes he screams at me over an unorganized set of drawers. It's gotten to the point where I do things I medically shouldn't do (like carry 50 pounds of laundry up three flights of stairs) in order to appease him. He also hates the fact that I want to leave this place (where I'm socially isolated because of a stalker who destroyed my life and attempted to upend my writing career) and feels I should be grateful for everything we have. I want to live in a city because I feel I'd have more opportunities in a city, but he wants me to stay in small-town bumfuck because it's somehow going to get better the longer I'm here (I've been here for five years, I highly doubt anything about this is going to get better). He hasn't hit me, he isn't being controlling, and his biggest complaint about me is that I'm not social enough. I know he isn't trying to isolate me, so I don't feel like this is abuse, but I'm still left wondering.My two closest friends live on the opposite side of the country, and I could write novels about my family. Please advise: Am I being abused, or am I just an asshole? 
Long story short (I promise no novel):I had a casual thing going on with a guy in my area as part of a committed relationship (think threesomes and you'll kinda be close to the situation there). I then found out that he beat the shit out of his last girlfriend and ended things then and there, though things were a bit messy on my side (I had feelings for him). He spent the next three years following me to and from work, vandalizing my work pages (I had a blog for a while), threatening my fiancee and subsequent partners, and hovering around my apartment "to protect me." I received threats until the day he graduated from the college we both attend, though I couldn't prove he sent them. It took a restraining order to get him to leave me alone. Everyone in my social circle took his side because he was charming and handsome and everyone liked him more than they liked me. (Agan: bitch. I am one.) I cut ties with them pretty definitively, and I'm looking to leave so I don't have to see their fucking faces again.My fiance doesn't like the fact that I willingly isolated myself like this. I don't like the fact that my previous friends took the side of someone who stalked, threatened, and abused me for years. 
A little background on me: Most of my life has been hard. I was abused as a child by my father, had an abusive boyfriend in high school and suffered from anorexia. I then went away to college, got diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Bipolar Disorder. I then attempted suicide. I then went back to college (all the while having a 4.0) and began the path of self-care. Nowadays I'm growing a lot. I go to yoga, run every day, switched to all natural medicines, go to acupuncture, a therapist, etc. And through all of this I have my now husband of almost a year. (May 23 is our 1 year anniversary). He doesn't support my efforts to get well. I am growing fast and he is stuck. He is controlling, and gets mad at me all of the time. He thinks that since I am the wife I should submit to him. He thinks that all of the things that are finally helping me to get better are stupid. I went into my therapist last week balling about how mean he had been to me, trying to control me... She said we should see a couples counselor. I agreed and just asked him - he blew up and berated me. He said he will not go. He screamed at me until I was balling and then went into the bedroom and locked the door. We have a lot of marriage problems, but he doesn't see them. I love him more than anything, and am doing everything I can to help our relationship. I do go to an individual therapist already. It's like now that I am finally healing from depression and trauma he is angry at me. Like he's mad I'm not so dependent on him... I don't know what to do if he won't come to counseling and won't talk to me. It's like we live on different planets now. I feel like he doesn't care about my well-being or health. I don't know how to take care of myself and mend our relationship when he wont work with me on it.
I have very little experience with abusers, and I really need help for my girlfriend. I appreciate all advice, and I aplogize if this post ends up a little long.I am looking for advice on how to convince my girlfriend to receive proper counseling, as her problems (at least in part) come from a long history of abuse. Both my girlfriends parents have been a source of abuse, for pretty much her whole life. Her dad is an alcoholic, and her mom appears to have an undiagnosed mental disorder, such as bipolar/ocd or someting similar. It may be fair to call the mom "narcissist". Both parents have family history of alcoholism and mental health issues. The abuse has mostly come in the form of verbal, although there have been "minor" cases of physical abuse ocurring during her childhood. Her father is really only abusive when drinking. Her mother may be worse in terms of the verbal abuse she dishes out, but she is often "hot and cold" in which some days she is normal, other days she goes crazy at incredibly minor occurrences. My girlfiend lives at home with her mom, and her step dad, who may be the only real positive parental figure in her life. Her stepdad recognizes the irrationality of the mom, however he is often unwilling to interfere for fear of incurring the same wrath. I hope this is decent enough background.My girlfriend will be living at home this summer, and for the first time, will be living at home for the school year (her and I will be seniors in college). She is living at home due to financial constraints, however I believe this is a major mistake. I advised her to review her finances, and consider taking a small loan (around 1000) to cover what her rent would be. I believe this is the correct decision, as her home life is terrible, and I think her life in general would improve were she to cut both parents out of her life. Currently, my girlfriend is experiencing depression, and this is in large part from the abuse that is constantly put on her. This is where the post title question comes in. When asked to move out, my girlfriend vehemently said no. She said she cannot cut her mom out of her life as She "still loves her" even though she recognizes the abuse. It seems my girlfriend would benefit from therapy, not only for the depression, but to be able to give her the insigt into dealing with abusive parents such as this. She refuses to see someone, and I am looking for advice from anyone who has had experience convincing an abusee to seek proper help and move away from her abusers. My girlfriend has very little other family, and I am the only real friend in her life. I may sound like a jerk saying this, but I worry I cannot continue the relationship if this problem persists. Her depression has become unmanageable, and occasionally she is incredibly hostile, although I know this is not her fault. I suffer from depression myself, and am deeplyAffected by all of this. I do not want to leave her in the hands of her abusers, with no one to turn to, however. How can I get her to seek help, not even really for the sake of us, but for her own sake?My girlfriend is a wonderful person, who has achieved incredible things, despite her history. I love her, and I want to see her happy and free because she deserves it. Any and all help is greatly appreciated.TLDR; my girlfriend has a long history of abuse, but will not seek proper counseling to get her to overcome her attachment to her abusers. How can I convince her to do so, and move out of the cycle of abuse? 
I'm in the UK. I called the police today on my ex-girlfriend (we remain friends, at times, when I agree to go over and spend some time and do as she says). We have a toddler child together, and I see my daughter at weekends (if I'm not with both of them together).I text my ex-girlfriend today to ask if she could possibly drop our daughter off slightly later today, as I had a driving lesson after work. She said no, as she had plans. I then asked if it would be ok if she dropped her off at my own mum's house and I would collect her from there an hour later. She said no, and started accusing me of not caring about my time with my daughter. This kind of stuff and accusations begin every time I don't want to spend time with my ex-girlfriend. She has attacked me in the past (before our girl was born), stomped on my ribs, punched me in the face, punched me for trying to leave her house while she shouts at me over trivial things. This hasn't happened in a while, and never in front of our girl.I cancelled my driving lesson. When she arrived at my house to drop off our girl, she was irrationally irate and shaking with anger. (The text disagreement wasn't even that bad, and I had remained totally respectful and civil). She began shouting at me, accusing me of not caring about our girl, saying she was "fed up of me making her feel like this". I remained calm and didn't argue back. When she was leaving she shouted "I swear to god if I find out you've left her with your mum to go on your driving lesson I'll stab you! I'll stab you in the eye!" I was genuinely really worried about her mental health. She was being completely irrational and aggresive for absolutely no reason. The worst I've seen her in a while. It reminded me of how she used to be sometimes when she would hit me.I ignored her and came back in the house with my daughter. Not long after, I just burst into tears. I thought, why is she threatening me? Why is she so angry at me constantly for such trivial things? Why does she think it's ok to treat me like that for no reason? I made my daughter's dinner and was still a bit upset with it all an hour later. I thought about it for a good while and decided I was going to call the police. I just wanted something on record, as it's just another incident in a long list of things that she does, every time she's not happy with me. (Previous physical abuse, hiding my things so I can't leave her house, just being generally emotionally abusive). I thought, "if a man turned up at his ex-girlfriend's house and threatened to stab her for no reason, she would have every reason and right to contact the police".I told the police operator what had happened, and explained that I was just looking for some advice, or for something to be recorded. The police operator advised that as I had reported what was classed as a 'domestic incident', police officers would need to visit me to follow up. I tried to say I didn't want a visit, but she explained it was protocol. The police officers turned up an hour later. Two young guys, around the same age as me. I felt completely daft for phoning them. I didn't expect them to come out.I didn't say much to the officers, they just went on what I had told the operator. The police officers told me that as my 'statement' was basically that she had threatened me with violence, as a domestic incident it was their protocol that they had to go and arrest her. I pleaded with them not to but they were insisting that they needed to 'detain' her. I felt like I had to totally backtrack and take back a lot of what I had said. I eventually convinced them that it wasn't a 'domestic' incident and that I was possibly upset and had overreacted. (I don't think I did overreact, I was in tears and it was the culmination of a lot of abuse and grief from her). They were nice enough, but very process driven. They assured me they wouldn't, but I'm terrified in case they contact her and she stops me seeing my daughter.I don't know what to do. I get hassle, abuse and grief off my ex-girlfriend CONSTANTLY if I'm not spending time with her. I'm quite an anxious person and she makes me a nervous wreck when she's going on like this. My hair is starting to fall out in random patches and people keep saying, "it'll be stress". The only thing stressing me out in my life is her. I enjoy my job etc, love my daughter and little life but I HATE having to have a form of relationship with my abusive ex. She's making my anxiety 100x worse. I can't explain how nasty and controlling she can be at times.I feel totally stupid for phoning the police. I don't know where I go from here. I don't normally use reddit but I don't feel entirely comfortable talking to any friends/family about this. I'm embarrassed, I don't feel like a victim, but am I overreacting? Am I just being oversensitive? Thought I'd share my thoughts anonymously. Feel free to comment
When we were younger, my dad was extremely abusive towards my brother but not me since I was his favorite. I don't like getting into it but just thinking about him screaming or how my dad would go get a belt makes me want to cry. I hate it. I wish he didn't fuck everything up with his anger problems. The worst part is now he's changed and he's calmer, and my brother and him are fine but for some reason i'm not over it. It seems selfish because it wasn't even my problem but I can't just accept that we'll just leave that in the past and move on. He never really apologized for it, just told my brother he was sorry "for being hard in the past". What if my brother is not okay but pretends to be? He used to not talk to me before, what if he still hates me? Why would my dad even think that it's alright to do that and not bother fixing it? Why would my mom just stand around like a bitch?I don't know how to feel. I can't change what happened and I don't want to bring it up in case it hurts my brother. Please help me. I can't stop crying.
I have to meet somebody I know to be an abuser not physically but mentally and emotionally. Looking for things like purposely mispronouncing his name or just anything that will not be taken directly as an insult. I kind of want him to feel Put off or even a little defensive in my presence. Keep in mind I do have a severe disability and any physical altercation isn't going to happen. He is also one of those who can't see past a wheelchair so I want to put that to rest as well.The person being abused wants out and is working towards that. I am the one helping her with it. She has some financial things that she doesn't want to put on me so she's trying to get a means of self support before any moves are made. Unfortunately, that means she is still with him until everything is settled and it is inevitable that I will be crossing paths before it is over. I don't want to create blowback for the person but I'm also not interested in playing pretend friend with the guy until it is resolved. So I want him to feel slightly belittled by me. Just enough to let them know that I am her friend not his or just enough to have him be slightly put off by me. 
Me and my dad have never really been friends. I guess you could say I've always disliked/hated him. This is because is yelling at doing any chores (dishwashing) scared me as a kid. I would hide in my closet or cry in my tiny little rocking chair. Back in kingergarten, I kept getting "Red" which meant bad. The system never worked because I never knew why, or I was just being a kid. Also I was undiagnosed ADHD if that had anything to do with it. I would get a serious reprimend if yellow, and if red, my dad would whip me.Due to my brother and my dad (5 years older) fighting (physically), my mom forced them into therapy. After all that, he stopped whipping me, but the pain never left. He may not have whipped me but his words hurt me just as much. He would constantly "lose his shit" over everything! And I mean everything! He would yell at me for not outting my shoes in my closet, but his were in the middle of the floor! It got worse, actually.I recently bought unknowlingly an unlicensed team hoodie. Of course. I wanted my refund, and initiated the claim. I tell my dad later about it and he got upset, a good upset, compared to what he's been doing. He said that since he was lying to me to resolve the case not to reply to him, the basis of a 20 minute conversation. And this is where it gets heavyI replied to ebay about the lying, told my dad what they had sent back, not the seller. He then got upset, tried to explain the miscommunication. He then says it was no miscommunication, i'm a smart kid but dont act like one, think I know everything, underminding my dads work and money and time, listing accolades such as "inmature, childish, untrustworthy etc..." He wouldnt even listen to me trying to explain the muscommunication. He just kept yelling at me and made me repeat myself saying I wont reply to any messages.He then said "i know you are going to do it again", "reply to one more goddamn message."I then went back to my room.Now, what made me think this is emotional abuse? This happens almost everyday, making me cry and hate myself. I try to tell my mom this but she says their are people worse off then you, you should be happy (ma's an art therapist). I'm also suicidal, I have constant relapses of how I would murder someone (school principal, classmates, parents etc..) or myself. My dad was yelling at me last week for signing into youtube on my mom's phone, clashing with her account was draining the battery, my brother (we are kinda estranged but we look out for each other, kind of like a peace treaty when it involves dad) said what the actual problem is and how he us the textbook definition of emotional abuser. He "keeps yelling at him for no reason" which is true. I could forget a cup on the table, and get screamed at. I want to know if this counts as emotional abuse before I get my favorite teacher to help. I'm not getting through to my mom with my wanting of seperation from my dad, and want for therapy. I told her and she said my dad would be unwilling to do therapy (probably true) and to draw out my problems,( art therapist) i don't really like art therapy becuase I don't think it helps really. It just brings it back to my head. Its the talking about it with my mom that helps, not the drawing. I just want to know of mh dad counts as an emotional abuser, giving a typical scream session with my dad. 
I was in a relationship for about a year that I believe to be abusive. In a nutshell, I was in a poly relationship with someone ten years older than me. Over the latter six months of the relationship she started acting weird. She was more withdrawn. She had random bouts of rage or bad mood. She threatened to hit me a few times, but she never actually did it, so I thought things were okay. I would have panic attacks (I have an anxiety disorder) and instead of helping me through them like usual, she would stay in another room.Once out of the blue, she told me I was being abusive, that my panic attacks were me forcing her to prioritize my problems over hers. I was horrified. I spoke with a therapist at length about how to prevent myself from exhibiting abusive behavior. I was terrified she would leave me but she didn't, and things got better.We eventually broke up. I regretted it immediately, but she was firm about her position-- she no longer wanted a relationship. I was devastated, but it was what she wanted, so I moved out. I hoped we could still be friends, and I struggled with my attachment to her. She had been my main support system for a year while I was isolated from family and friends. I was having difficulty moving on.After a month of attempting to be friends, she declared that she couldn't take it anymore. She cut off all contact with me abruptly. I attempted to reestablish contact with her in an effort to figure out what the hell I had done wrong and what was going on, but her only answer was to claim I "couldn't get the hint" and that I was "stalking" her. I admit I said some very nasty things to her after these accusations, and I regret that. I know it was wrong.She got a restraining order against me because of me contacting her, and now I don't know what to think. Was I abusive? Was she abusive? Is this some freak situation wherein we were both abusive? Is this a thing where the blame simply doesn't lie with one person? Idk I just don't know what else to think.
When I was seventeen I was in a long term relationship with a boy that looking back in hindsight, turned out to be abusive at the time.  I never thought I was being abused because I initiated experimenting with bondage, and dominance and submission.   My boyfriend took it too far and it soon became way more then I was able to handle and I ended the relationship after a year and a half.  I immediately went into another relationship with a man I ended up marrying and later divorcing.  This relationship started out ok but soon turned to emotionally suppressed and verbally abused.  I ended that relationship after four years.Again almost immediately I got into a n other relationship that seemed well enough at first.   Again I initiated experimenting with bondage,  dominance and submission and opened the door to experiment with just about anything.  I just seem to have a naturally curious nature that way.  He didn't like the idea but finally he opened up and turned out to be a true sadist.  He loved throwing me to the floor, slapping me in the face, whipping me with belts, and choking me to the point I would almost pass out.  This relationship lasted for five years because I felt obligated to him because we had a daughter.I have begun the divorce process again and we have been separated for going on 6 months now.  I never considered my past relationships abuse because I initiated the experimentation and essentially got exactly what I asked for.  However I recently started talking to a man who is extremely sweet and gentle and builds my confidence with everything he says and makes me feel beautiful.  (No I am not getting married. I told him not for at least 2 years.)The problem in lies that I have discovered an involuntary response on my part anytime he goes to touch my face or raise his hands near me.  Sometimes just fast movements will trigger it.  When he goes to touch my face, especially when we are in my bedroom I flinch.  Not just a small flinch but a serious, drastic physical response.   When it happens he slows down and caresses my face and tells me that he would not and will not ever hit me.  That he loves me, and some day I won't flinch anymore with him.Through talking with him about my past he has told me that it didn't matter whether or not I considered my relationships physically abusive.  He said they were 100% abusive, and can't understand why I let myself stay in those situations and why I let them do to me what they did over and over again.  I never considered myself as being physically abused especially in my last relationship.  Now though I am showing many signs that would appear indicative of a woman traumatized from being abused.  I don't know what to do from this point.  Obviously my flinching and paranoia is an issue that must be resolved but I'm not sure what to do about it.  Any advice from any angle is welcomed.

This is a little difficult to talk about, mostly because I know a lot of people don't take abusive situations that involves the wife abusing the husband very seriously, but I'm taking a chance and hoping I can get some advice and help.My brother is technically still a newly-wed. His wedding was in early December of 2015. There were some warning signs in the last few months leading up to the wedding but me and my family kind of wrote it off as pre-wedding stress. Just after the wedding, things were going alright to my knowledge, but about a month or so in problems started arising.My sis-in-law started telling us that my brother was having emotional issues because of his job, which was high-stress. While I believe there might have been some truth to this, we found out later that there were a lot of things she was exaggerating, if not outright making up. My brother did end up leaving that job and getting another one. The things my sis-in-law has been doing are things like "forbidding" him to go places and do things, other than his job, without her whereas she can go visit her friends, family, or do pretty much anything without him if she so chooses (she seriously has gotten upset with him when he comes to visit me, our other brother, and our parents). She also forbids him to see movies and such that she doesn't "approve" of based on what she reads about them. When me and our brother invited him to go see such a movie with us, he told us no and that it was because his wife didn't want him to watch it. I found out a few weeks later that after they left our house, she got upset with him for "calling her out", when he was just telling us why he couldn't go with us.Another very serious thing she's been doing is when they get into fights (which is worth noting that said fights are almost always over small things, like his "tone of voice" when he answers questions), she will leave, often in the middle of the night, without telling him where she's going and she sometimes leaves on foot. This is part of a "game" she plays, where she makes my brother stay up all hours of the night trying to find out where she is and come find her. She will knowingly go to bad neighborhoods and parts of town as well (again often in the middle of the night) and she does this pretty much saying that if he loves her, he'll look for her. Well at the insistence of our mom, he stopped "playing" that game, and as a result she's started doing something new; as of last week, she has started sending him or her friends text messages saying "Help" or "I can't breath". So far this has happened twice and both times, police and EMTs have been involved. The first time, she eventually told him where she was and the police went with him to make sure she was alright. The second time he was over her at our house and he got a call from her friends saying she appeared to be passed out on the bed and non-reponsive so he had to give the EMTs the code to his garage door so they could get in and check on her. After he got to their house, the medics and police were still there and she refused to go with the medics to the ER. The reason for all this drama? My brother's cellphone had been worn out/broken and he'd gone out and gotten a new one.On a similar note to the above, she also does not allow him to handle their money and finances and she has left him a couple of times on one of these "getaways" without their only debit card, their checkbook and any other direct access to funds so he can't go out and buy food or other essentials. It gets more disturbing. This other thing she did requires some context. My brother has recently been hired on to the Police Department of a neighboring town. His third night on, he and his partner/trainer were called out to a person who was unresponsive. They got there and found that a man had hung himself in his shed and he'd been dead, they said, for at least 24 hours. After that incident, he had told his wife about it of course...and she proceeded to use it as ammunition against him the next time they had an argument. While they were having an argument, he had to leave to go to work and before he went out the door, she said "When you come back, maybe you'll find me hanging too." He did, of course, take it seriously and asked her if she was thinking about hurting herself and she said no, which really set him off on her and he got onto her for saying that to him. Me and my family (my mom in particular) have been talking with various people, friends and family about the situation and, at this point, we're pretty well convinced that my sister in law has some kind of mental illness that needs treatment. Even more troubling though, a couple of people we know who've had experience in the field of psychiatry also mentioned the possibility that she may even have a personality disorder.At this point, I'm trying to read up on some things because my brother is at the end of his rope with her and is considering divorce. Our mom has also insisted that, if he and/or she still wants to try and make it work, he has to give her an ultimatum: Either see a doctor and seek professional help for this or he is ending it. I'm trying to find online support groups, information, etc. to learn what I can do to help my brother and provide some kind of counsel, because I think it's going to get even worse before it gets better. And I think this is the first time I've been really worried for my brother's mental and physical well-being.Any advice, information, etc. would be appreciated.

He finally got violent with me. He has run up on me and stared me down like I was a man, he has swung his fist at me like he was going to hit me, but didn't, he has ridiculed me and belittled me. I have let that all go, because 'he never hit me'. He grew up in a violent home, he was physically abused by his stepfather, that same stepfather abused his mother. When we started dating 13 years ago, he was gentle, he was protective. He swore up and down that he would never hit a woman. And for the last 13 years he never hit me. But he has been confrontational with me on many many occasions. But he never 'hit me'. So last Friday, I pissed him off, I was on my sons ass to get ready for school. I was, I was loud, I was trying to get my son to hurry up and get ready. He was going to miss his bus. He will literally stare at himself in the mirror or at the floor for ten minutes if I don't get him to move. I have to get my 8 year old dressed like he's 1, I do it. But somedays I am tired. I was very sick. I was very tired. And I was left to do it again, because my husband wasn't doing it. So, he (my husband) got mad at me. Slammed a door, I told him not to wake up the baby (we have a 2 year old daughter), he stormed out of the bathroom to tell me I was being an asshole. Ok, I was. I was and my son didn't need that. I admit that. But he called me a fucking bitch. So I threw a pencil at the door. He swung the door open, said I hit him in the face, and he threw his deodorant as hard as he could at my chest. When I talked to him the next day, he said that that was the reaction I wanted from him. He didn't need to apologize to me, I should thank him that he didn't hit me in the face with it and that he didn't punch me in the face like he wanted to. Sunday, he told me he was sorry, and "Do you forgive me?"....I can't stay with him. Do I love him? yes, but I will not be treated this way again. What's next? he actually does hit me next time and he justifies it with another bullshit line like, 'you made me do it'. How can I look at my daughter and tell her to leave a man if he touches you but not live it. My brother wants me to drop out of school right now and leave him. I'm a nursing student who will be done in September. I don't have a job, I don't have a vehicle, and my school is far. We have a car, and he has a job, his aunt said to stay with him and finish school because fuck him, he owes me for that at least. But I feel so fake, I'm really at odds right now. My head is everywhere, it's telling me to say fuck this and fuck him and leave, at the same time I need to finish school so I can support myself and my kids. My heart keeps hoping it didn't happen and my kids can live in an intact home, with a mom and a dad to wake up to every morning. My son is already moody, probably from witnessing us fight (we get loud, but never physical before this moment) and my daughter is so happy. I feel guilty like I'm going to ruin their childhood. Something both me and him decided to do better for our kids, because our upbringing was so deluded. I'm putting this here because I need reassurance. I need unbiased opinions. I need a place to vent, and this seems like a safe place to do it in.tl;dr my husband got violent with me, and I'm afraid of tearing apart my kids home, even though I have to do it.
I have to be honest, it's a bit surreal and very strange to share this. Something so personal, so DEEPLY personal.Ultimately, I have to share it though.  No other option because the possible benefits far outweigh my personal fears of being exposed.It is my belief that as others read and eventually share this article we will be sending out a life preserver to those hidden or completely forgotten victims. Children who grew into adults alone and filled with shame.  This lifeline giving them a new voice, giving them closure, and finally giving them a community that understands and relates to them, after feeling so utterly alone for so long.My other hope, is that by sharing my personal traumas I will help to bring awareness, understanding, and that I will educate others…. encouraging others to share.The laws must be changed.Our children must be prioritized and protected.To abuse a child is not the worst thing we can do to them.  No.To neglect and ignore and allow them to carry their shame alone, that is the greatest injustice inflicted on a victim.Please help me to start somewhere, to stop these injustices by sharing and spreading awareness.Thank you.PaulThe Sacramento Bee Article: http://www.sacbee.com/news/investigations/the-public-eye/article73521982.html
I don't know how I feel about it, but my family doesn't like it when I share my abuse story. I've removed my abuser from my life, but I feel like my mother feels embarrassed or sub-par because she had no idea what was happening all those years ago. What should I do? I feel like my story and my healing has shaped me as a person and has positively affected my religious search. I just feel not supported about it. 

I made this account purely to make this post. Although Reddit isn't the be-all, end-all resource for every decision, many on here have shown intelligence and intelect, so I guess I'm looking for some of that. I don't make this post lightly, and I apologize for any grammatical or spelling errors I may commit, but I think they'll be understood. I am a teenage boy, who is about a month away from graduating from high school. I have two younger siblings, a sister who is thirteen and a brother who is eleven. As the title of this post suggests, I am involved with a case of domestic abuse. I am neither the perpetrator nor the victim; instead, I am a bystander, unable to change the situation.Both of my younger siblings are bipolar and are medicated daily. Both were diagnosed at the age of four. My sister is enrolled in middle school. Her form of BiP, as I've come to reference it, allows for a moderately normal out of home life, with a fairly verbally abusive home life. Some will chalk it up to hormones, but she's been doing it longer than she's been going through puberty. My brother is in a special school for mentally challenged children. He is both physically and verbally abusive.Tonight has been one of the worst of his tantrums in a long time. He has mostly called down at this point, but is still awake and still slightly agitated. My mother has always been the one to deal with these situations, and is more educated in the area of understanding what to do when things get out of hand. I, however, am not.The episode before this happened at his school, and CIRT was called. Yes, that is correct-it took multiple fully grown men and women to restrain an average-sized eleven year old. I was not present for that. Tonight was one of the worst nights of my life, and I was not even in the area; I cannot possibly empathize with my mother and how she must feel right now, but I am doing my best. It's what I've done for years, now.According to the phone logs, she contacted or tried to contact (I'm not clear as to which it was, I'm no expert in that area of technology) the same service she contacted during the last event. I was not aware of this until after the fact.I do not know what to do. I do not intend for this to sound petty, but their conditions have effectively prevented me (and, to an equal but different degree, my parents) from comfortably having a social life. When my friends want to come over, I will plan around when my siblings are home so that there is a guarantee of no calamity. I do not feel comfortable entering a romantic relationship because I know that my siblings will eventually come up; any partner I have will inevitably be present for a fit similar to the one tonight, and it is my fear that they will become afraid. Afraid of my siblings, of my family, of me.My parents plan around when my siblings need their medicines, and will simply not attend certain events because they may spark negative behavior in my siblings. They are limited in who they can be friends with, as there are many more intolerant people in the world than there are tolerant, and not everyone can fully understand the situation that my family is in.I would be lying if I said that this situation had not once caused me to think about more...drastic meaures. I have considered leaving, hurting myself, killing myself, hurting them, calling CIRT myself, et cetera. The only ones I have enacted are the self-harming ones. I am no longer in immediate danger of hurting or killing myself, yet it is still an option that I will still, on occasion, consider. More recently, the option of calling CIRT myself has seemed like the best route. I have never done it myself, but I came closer tonight than I ever have.Some time has passed since I started this post, and my brother is now asleep. I cannot understand why my mom continues to protect my brother, but she does. Out of respect to my parents, I accept this and go along with it. However, my brother will wake up tomorrow and the events of tonight will matter very little to him. He will continue with life as though everything is fine, and my mother and myself will continue to be left with emotional scars from the things he says.I will be staying in town for a few more years while I further my education, but I do plan on moving at some point. I intend to meladroma when I say this, but I fear for my mother's life during the days, months, and years after I move out. Although I may be nearly done with my k-12 education, my brother and sister each have more time yet.I do not know what to do, and I fear that just as much as I fear my siblings.For those who have taken the time to read this, I thank you. I will not be giving specifics as to names or locations, and appreciate any of you who have advice or kind words, whether they come from a professional or not.EDIT: My use of CPS was incorrect; the more accurate organization would be CIRT. The information has been updated properly. I would also like to make it known that, next week, my brother will be admitted for psychological evaluation. 
Hi there. This morning I was on my 3DS playing a game which has  a bit of an online element where you can to to a specific in-game area and are randomly grouped with other players where can talk and play mini-games, etc. The chat is purely text-based and there's no real way to get back in touch with anyone, unless you bump into them again, which is unlikely.Eventually a young girl joined the group and after a few minutes she suddenly confessed to us that she was being sexually abused but didn't specify how she knew the abuser or who he was. After around 5-10 minutes of me and someone else trying to convince her to tell someone, she said she'd tell her parents and then left almost right after but she was *very* reluctant. She mentioned that the abuser would be angry at her if she told anyone but she didn't say what could happen. I'm not entirely convinced she actually told anyone.Now, obviously I want to help but I have no way to contact her parents and I don't know if I'll ever see her again. HOWEVER, I did manage to get a screenshot of her in-game profile. There's no real personal information on it (certainly not enough to get the police involved) but it is unique to each person. I'm hoping if it spreads enough through websites like Facebook and Tumblr, then someone she knows personally would identify her by it and get the proper authorities involved. My main concern though is that the abuser could see the screenshot  as well and make things even worse for her. I'm the sole owner of the screenshot and I'm undecided whether I should "signal-boost" it or not. If it helps the game was Animal Crossing: New Leaf.
I just created this account and I've never used reddit before but i know people who do and they say it's pretty easy to use for this kinda thing. I live in an abusive household but I'm 18 and going to boarding school. I'm a senior and about to start college but my mother is refusing to pay for it. I got a really nice scholarship to the college I want to go to where I'd only have to pay like approx. 25,000 a year but I don't know what to do and what steps to take to divorce from my mom and pay for the rest on my own while being financially independent from my family. I'm only 18 and I don't know how to get an apartment and a job and I'm really really scared to suddenly be out on my own with no help. My mother is calling me manipulative and selfish for wanting to go to college and not stay home with her and I just cant live with her manipulation and abuse anymore. I'd love any advice from people separating from their abusive families on how they did it
I'm 22 and about to graduate with my bachelors degree. My parents have recently divorced after a very long and abusive relationship (on my father's part) and it has been a difficult transition finally feeling safe in my own home. However, ever since the divorce my father seems to think that everything is fine now and that he never did anything wrong.My father spent years emotionally and physically abusing my mother and me and my siblings, and we all have the emotional scars that show it. I suffer from quite a lot of mental illness, and for a long time didn't feel like I could come out of the closet as a lesbian because my father, in addition to being abusive, is homophobic.He's a man who has called me truly awful things and said to my face that he wished I hadn't been born (and subsequently that he hadn't made me). He also has a terrible temper and whenever he came home would immediately yell at everyone for anything at all and then get very drunk, the abuse would worsen, and then he'd pass out.Overall, he's never going to win a father of the year award.Basically, I don't want him to come to my graduation. He'll make the rest of my family uncomfortable and there's always the possibility he'll come drunk, and it'd make the day better if he wasn't there. But whenever I try to discuss anything he's done to me or try to explain I don't really want anything to do with him, he denies everything he ever did and blames it on my mother (who has never done anything). And so I'm kind of dreading the conversation because he either doesn't want to or can't acknowledge the fact he irreparably damaged our relationship and due to that, conversing with him on this feels really daunting to me.If any of you have dealt with something similar, especially cutting a parent out of your life, & if you have advice, I'd be truly grateful to hear it. It's a really difficult thing to think about doing but I know it's for the best but I also know that he's probably going to attack me or yell at me during the conversation.
Starting off by saying that this has not happened to me but a close friend. I have a friend who is a teenager and his brother is three-four years older than him, 20. The older brother still lives at home while working and attending school. There are times the older brother comes in super pissed at the younger brother, for silly reasons and unleashes on him. There have been a few incidents where the older brother has choked and put his hands, in a violent matter, on the younger brother. The older brother likes to put himself, or should I say force himself, in the same social groups as his younger brother. Something recently happened where the older brother physically grabbed the younger brothers penis, over his pants, and rubbed it. When I heard about this, alarm bells kinda went off in my head. Another incident happened where the older brother exposed his penis and began stroking it, in a masturbatory rhythm. I have bits and pieces of my friends life, before I met him. When he was younger, he was always angry. He has problems with attachment and doesn't give much of an effort in school, almost all failing grades. His eating habits are awful, I would classify it as an eating disorder.I want to help but I'm not sure how to approach the situation.
It wasn't always as bad as it was when I left. We were together for 12 years. I really did love him, that's what made it so hard. I loved him. I believed him when he said he loved me. It's amazing the lies we tell ourselves, how we justify them, rationalize them. It started with comments about my body. How I would be perfect if only I did this or that. I believed him. I wanted to be perfect so that he would love me. I wanted to get married, be the perfect wife, have perfect children. He told me he loved me. I believed him. I believed him when he told me I was stupid. I believed him when he said I was a bitch. I believed him when he told me there wasn't anything good about me. I always drank in his words. He was my husband after all. I would spend my weekends by myself in my room, crying over his words. I heard those horrible words over and over, like a CD on repeat until I believed them to be true. I allowed him to convince me that I truly did not possess a single redeeming quality. I would spend most nights praying that I wouldn't wake up. I was so broken that I isolated myself. I was ashamed of who I was. Who wants to be around someone who couldn't do anything right? My husband certainly didn't. He didn't want to spend any time or affection on me. I even said to him, more than once, that the way he made me feel, made me not want to live anymore. He agreed. He told me I didn't deserve to.The longer these exchanges went on, the more violent our relationship became. I was even pushed down a flight of stairs. I still loved him though. I even loved him after needing stitches because of it. I believed his words when he told me it was my fault. He never believed that I would ever leave him. He would always remind me how lucky I was to be with him. I left with one suitcase, two pairs of shoes, and my dog. I often have nightmares of my life with him. I know I will always be haunted by his words.
his is going to be a bit of a rant, and the story while not overly detailed, may trigger some. If this is the wrong reddit, sorry in advance.Over the weekend, my S/O got really drunk and very aggressive with me. In order to calm him down I gave him my phone/wallet, it didn't work. Long story short, he ended up hitting me a lot (something he has never done before), and brandished a weapon at me. The police came and took him away, and he is now facing charges, I also never plan on speaking/seeing him ever again. I was not traumatized or seriously hurt, and I have resumed my normal life 4 days after.With all of that said, he is facing a few very serious charges, and I do not agree with them... (I got and get very physically distressed thinking he may go to jail.) Even considering what he did, I just do not think he belongs in jail over one drunken night, especially since it was the first time I had seen anything like this. I really want the serious charges to be dropped, and have him plead out to something that gives me an R/O and him long term probation.Is it wrong of me to feel this way? and what, if any, impact can I as the victim have on the charges?
I apologize in advance if this is written disjointed.In October 2015, my boyfriend was drunk (again) and verbally abusing me over the phone. He threatened his life and mine (with his unlocked gun), so I hung up and involved the authorities. He was cleared by the hospital doctor for psych eval, then arrested and brought into the police station for questioning. An officer came to my house to take a recorded statement and notes. I was terrified and pleaded that I only wanted him to get help for his mental stability. They let him go with bail conditions that night.The next day, I called the victim services and spoke with her for 2 hours about how to help get him the help he needs. He's been charged by the police (not me) and he got a lawyer. It's been 6 months of court dates and dealing with lawyers (though neither of us have had to be in court). Bail conditions include no contact with me, and no consumption of alcohol/drugs.He and I started speaking less than a week from his arrest and we've been seeing each other pretty steadily since then. I gave him the info I got from victim services and he went to one emotion management course. He drinks very often, gets black out drunk a few times a month, frequently throws tantrums, gets verbally abusive, and has threatened his life multiple times in the past few months. I've lied to the attorney (not my attorney as I didn't lay charges but I am seen as the victim so they involve me) about not being in contact but feeling safe and wanting to continue a relationship with him. But I don't know if I do feel safe.I have lived a life that has led me to have a poor gauge of what is abuse and what should and shouldn't be tolerated. I have depression and anxiety that I have always managed with, but since the incident, my anxiety has been through the roof. He knows many people at my work and even works there part time (through another company). One night while drunk, he decided to loudly and inaccurately recount the events of his arrest with some of my loudmouth coworkers present. So, then there were rumours at my place of work, and I was getting questioned and eyed consistently. I haven't been to work in months, and I feel isolated here with no one to speak with. All of the people I know knew him first (he was born and raised here and I only moved here about 1.5 years ago).In the past months, I've been threatened by him, his father, and his best friend (whom I knew before him). I've been questioned by mutual friends and people at work. I feel like I can't share with anyone I know because they all have loyalties to him. I feel guilty that I "fucked up his life" with lawyer bills and fear of being arrested again. He blames me, even though I've done everything I could to "undo" calling the non-emergency police line that one fateful night. Within the next couple of months, everything will be resolved and he won't have a criminal record, and he'll legally be able to see me and drink. Also, he will get his weapons back eventually. Even though that's exactly what I told the prosecuting attorney I expected to see, I'm having a lot of doubt about whether I did the right thing allowing myself to be persuaded into lying about how good a guy he is and how safe I feel in regards to him.I found out a few weeks ago that we were too careless one night, because now I am pregnant (it's for sure his, I haven't been with anyone else). He absolutely wants me to get an abortion, but I am not so sure. I have had one abortion before (no kids) and it was not a pleasant experience in the least. Not only that, but these days I feel less strongly about not having kids. I'm torn about getting an abortion, even though he has berated me about how it's in my hands "to ruin his life more". I don't want to have a fatherless child, and he certainly cannot support a child. He still lives with his parents (though he spends almost every night at my place) and has an immature mentality about responsibility. I feel like I can barely take care of myself (though I do pay rent and my bills) so how am I supposed to care for a child.In regards to my mental well-being, I've been on a non-tricyclic medication for years. Back in December, I decided to seek therapy here and, soon afterwards, a GP. I've been in regularly with a therapist (though with long breaks for her vacations), and my doctor referred me to a psychiatrist. It was a 3 month wait, but when I finally saw her the psychiatrist linked me with some information about groups (which will be a few months longer wait) and she wrote me a prescription for upping my current medication and adding an SSRI. I haven't filled the script yet.I have so much ambivalence. I honestly am at a loss. I spoke with my confidante, my youngest sister, and she said (to my shock) that she thinks I should keep the baby and move across the country to be closer to her. That terrifies me, but it also doesn't feel right to stay in a place where I am struggling so much with next to no support system. I am basically staying here at this point for my boyfriend, but tonight I asked him two questions: do you see yourself slowing down or stopping partying any time soon? do you see yourself committing to me any time soon? Both of which he answered "no" to. It's sad that I literally cannot manage what's going on in my life even though my life is my responsibility and I've obviously made the choices that got me here. I feel very isolated and I don't want to be alone. I'm in a small town and don't have a car. All of my family and friends are thousands of kilometres away. I don't have anyone reliable anywhere near here.tl;dr: My boyfriend is immature but trying, he's almost in the clear legally but not better/reformed, and I'm pregnant with ambivalence and with his child.
After months of listening to her wanting to die, wanting to leave her abusive bf, etc etc, I told her that I can't keep being her shoulder to cry on.  I can't listen to how much he's breaking her, only for her to go back.  She is welcome to stay with me, our parents, her best friend...  but she won't leave him.I am severely depressed, and helplessly watching him hurt her has been making me worse (I attempted suicide recently).  I just told her that I'm here when/if she wants to leave him, and I'm here for everything else.  But I will no longer listen to how badly he treats her if she is going to stay with him knowing it will happen.I don't blame her.  I'm not angry with her for staying, and he's in the wrong- not her.  But I mentally can't take the situation.  She's understandably angry with me, but am I wrong for this?  I want to be there for her, but it's been killing me.
I'm going to make this as short as possible because nobody wants to read a textbook. I am the usual person whose father left and had a very dysfunctional family, with my mother being an alcoholic and completely emotionally and physically abusive to me and my grandmother for years (I have tried to run away three times and got CPS involved in the past). I was very isolated at school and had no social skills or confidence due to my family enviroment and since the school was in a small town with kids who were not doing so well in learning whereas I was advanced in some subjects made me out to be a target for physical bullying. I've basically had nobody. For the past four years I made some friends through video games and such, and even though I had my fair share of bad relationship experiences I believe I have finally met the right girl for me. She came from an abusive relationship herself, she's fiercely loyal, and I love her to death. I'd marry her, no question about it. Before her I used to be very suicidal and depressed to the point where getting out of bed was a no-go and every minor thing led to strong urges for self harm. I am still depressed though, not as bad as before but I still sometimes find myself feeling useless or not good enough. My mother has converted to radical religion and has made it clear how much more important it is to her than me, so when I'm not out with my girlfriend and at home I feel the same "I don't belong here" feeling I had at school. On top of that, I think anyone would be hurt knowing their mother really doesn't care for or love them. This woman literally encouraged me to kill myself at one point when I tried to reach out. I've done my best to please her every desire and I'm not uppity or confrontation with her because I am scared. It does not help that she wants full control over me and seeing me starting to have confidence because of my girlfriend and the fact I have plans to leave her she is starting to dislike my girlfriend and I can already tell this is going to go down the path of her trying to intervene in her favor. I know because I heard her talking about it when she thought I was out of hearing range. I am 17, and I have to rely on her for at least a few more months before I would have any hope of moving out with my girlfriend -which means she has plenty of time to basically try and fuck this up for me however possible. I know I have friends, but I have gone through most of my entire life completely alone. The girl I love is the first one that has actually made me want to live, if I hadn't met her all those years ago even when we were just friends I don't think I would be here typing this. My past abuse has made it hard to feel emotion for anything, but what I feel for her is very strong. This does not completely remove the depression I am currently feeling. There are days I wake up and realize this is all happening and I just want to die. There are days I think back to all the time people have hurt me and used me and never thought twice about it that I want to die. There are times my mother waves her dominance, and her hypocrisy around me and my grandmother that we have to tolerate and I want to die (or skin her. Recently I've started to feel very aggressive against her and to be honest I've about had it with this garbage.) Sometimes nothing triggers it and I just want to sit in a corner and cry.  My mind still drifts to suicide every now and then, but I'm less likely to consider it as an option like I did years back. My girlfriend was sexually assaulted twice and had a extremely abusive relationship that she was in when we first met. She needs me as much as I need her because when she's with me, she feels alive. My mother already knows all of this and still selfishly seeks to put an end to it if she can. She might not have the balls to directly jump in now, but as time goes by she will. I am never good enough for her no matter how much of myself I give up. TL;DR I am everything she wants me to be (besides a completely robotic slave) and she treats me like the son that has done multiple drugs, crimes, and is in and out of jail in terms of "you're terrible." And I don't know what to do anymore. 
Me and my boyfriend been living together 2 yrs now. N dating just over that. Yesterday we get home at the same time. We usually walk to the landlords place with our dog to pay rent.6 blocks away. But for sme odd reason he never asked me to go. Found it weird got a weird gut feeling something wasnt right 2 hours later he calls and tells me him and a Co worker he bumped into is coming by for drinks.  He sounds much different than normal.  They come home and I'm not a shy person if I got something to say I say it no matter who's around.    So he kneels down where I am sitting g and puts his hands on my lap. Says we went and seen strippers. Tham corrected himself and said we watxhed 2 strippers. Knowing how I feel about it cuz we have previously 6 months into our relationship I told him how shitty it made me feel he went there.   And hes been so good at not going and respecting that and agree to not go.   But I this time I slapped him in his face and I pushed him over I was hurt disgusted angry most of mad at myself for what I had done.  It's been eating me up all day I've been crying off and on through out the day.   I have been in a abusive relationship before and I swore I'd never lay a hand on my signigant other  I feel horrible. But it doesn't seem to bother him at all.  He acted as if nothing happened. I can't even look at myself in the mirror with thinking I'm a piece of shit. Please help.
I literally just stumbled onto this subreddit by accident and thought ah-ha! Maybe these fine people can give me some advice. Also I need to clear my head so thank you kindly folk for reading this if you do.Ahem. Anyway. I will start with some backstory. I am a 27 year old female and last year I broke off a 10-year abusive relationship. Mostly emotional abuse and a little physical but after a decade I got out! Yay! But I was stuck in a city I no longer loved at a job I no longer loved so I decided to pack my shit and move 900 miles to my parents' who are aging and struggling to raise my three adopted, younger, sisters. I LOVE my sisters and adore my parents so I want to live with them and work and help them as much as I can before I move away again.Immediately my oldest little sister, who is nearly 14, had a problem because "she's gunna get my business!" Ok. This is normal 13 year old talk so we all had a chuckle and I move in and fix my stuff up really nice. Of course at first me and my sister (Let's call her T) were having so much fun! We built shelves for my cats and their cats to lay on. We built more shelves to put all my collector anime figurines on. We swapped music and talked about Harry Potter and how Slytherins are the bestest.But there's some kind of evil in this girl. She was adopted out of a horrific situation which she still has physical scars from. She has PTSD, bipolar and ADHD. She's the kindest individual you ever met one second and the demon Beelzebub the next. At the drop of a hat. I don't even remember what we were arguing about when I went to pinch her arm and she grabbed my hair and struck me HARD all over my head leaving two huge bumps. She ran upstairs and later apologized and of course I forgave her. We were arguing so ok, I get it.But the next time....we had just finished putting up more cat shelves and talking about doing a collaborative painting together with some old scrap wood we found in a closet. I was watching some music videos and drinking a beer when she asked me to leave a public area of the house so she could text. I said, no T go to your room I'm watching the TV. She continued to yell and I sat down when she dumped my beer on my head, grabbed my hair, dragged me and started to beat me in the eye (where I have a cut now). I was shocked. I ran downstairs to call 911 but my mother begged and begged and begged for me not to so I didn't. My other sister in a panic called DSS or DCF or DCS or whatever they're called but they refused to do anything and hung up on her.Flash forward to today and she's talking with one of her horrid friends. This particular best friend is a 16 year old girl who is a drop out, has a creepy older boyfriend and encourages my sister to do drugs. I over heard her friend tell my sister to "knock her the fuck out" and my sister agreed but was afraid I would call 911. I told T that we were going to tell our case worker what she had been doing and her and her friend threatened again to "knock me out" and hinted that they would then kill me. They also called me a cunt and a bitch. My sister is a good girl, a smart girl, a wonderful girl but I have been sleeping with my pepper spray and a knife. I'm terrified in my own childhood home. My parents reassure me it's bluffing, it's her age, they will talk to the case worker, but I've been through abuse and I don't want to live in fear of my insane 13 year old sister! I know she probably does not mean to be so awful but after today I don't know.... I am very, very short and my sisters tower over me. I am strong and I COULD probably beat a 13 year old up but I do not want to hit a child. Not only that I could get arrested. I should also mention that I have my own mental illnesses and I've struggled so deeply with suicide and today after a very, VERY long time I've considered killing myself because of how low and awful she spoke about me.If you can offer advice thank you and if you're just here to read thank you too!
Being an abuse victim is a bit like living with two different parents.         One of them is nice and caring and puts you on their shoulders.          The other is hateful and angry and will smash your head into the table for spilling milk.         The nice one is there most of the time and you can catch yourself thinking that maybe the mean one is finally gone.            Until you do something stupid and they have to come out again.          And then you have to run out the door in bare feet in the dead of night to get away from the howling demon inside your loved one’s body.          Except it’s not a demon and they were never gone it’s always been them waiting just beneath the surface for any excuse and you’re so scared all of the time of letting them out because it’s *always* your fault you always did something you always messed up and you deserve this it’s your fault not theirs always yours and you can’t do this anymore so now you’re thinking of getting the kitchen knife and going into their room and plunging it into their chest.     No one would blame you. It would be their own fault. You have the marks to prove it. Except you still know it’s your fault and you could never do that because you deserve this and even after they’re gone you still want to and it feels like a boiling anger and freezing despair and I just can’t do this I can’t pretend like I’m alright because I’m **not. Do you hear me. I’m not fucking okay. Im crying when you can’t see me. I’m killing myself without killing anyone because that would be giving up but I’m still doing it. I AM FUCKING CRYING. WHY CAN’T YOU SEE THAT. I CAN’T BREATHE THROUGH THE ANGER BUT IT’S NOT Even an**ger it’s just crushing apathy where I don’t feel like doing anything where I can’t even really cry anymore because the tears won’t come because I’ve already cried an ocean and now I’m just empty and i feel like a corpse I’m not real I’m just a zombie going through the motions of life with no purpose or desire I’m being pulled along by a river of life but I’m just killing everything around me.              Maybe I should just die.          Maybe I should just get what everyone knows is coming over with.         At least then I’d finally be done        At least then maybe I can get away from the constant pressure to be okay.        I’m not okay.         I’m not okay and I don’t think I ever will be.   
So, my relationship was always rocky and there was a lot of emotional and verbal abuse. Sometimes, that would escalate to physical abuse. There was one time when my ex got drunk and broke a mirror and threw pieces of glass at me. Then there was a time she punched me in the face several times.When you're in a relationship where there is someone who is doing the abuse, they don't take accountability for their actions. My ex was involved in a hit and run while she was drunk and lied to get out of it. Then, she also cheated on me the same weekend. It was hell. But I got out. I am happier and am realizing that I am a person who is worthy, and deserving of love and respect. 



how do you know if what youre experiencing is abuse? im 18 years old and i live with my mother and my brother. we always seem like we're fighting, which isnt something that usually feels like abuse and with my brother it doesnt really seem like it is. they fight, and he just storms off. when i fight with her, i try tonfight back and speak up for myself but she always gets this look in her eye. whenever she gets it, i know shes close to hitting me. and im older now and it doesnt really hurt, but whenever she does it i get so fucking scared. it feels like i cant even move and i dont know if im just being overly sensitive and ridiculous but it just feels so shitty.
He makes me so mad. I just want to snatch his ass in a bear trap. Leave him swinging from a tree so high, no one would find him for days
This morning I was sound asleep right around 4:30 am my mother came into my room and started screaming at me and asking why I put her 80$ shoe in the toilet. Now I know I did not do this, so naturally I said "What are you talking about" She keeps on insisting I put it in there we also have a small beagle named Hank and so I suggested he might have done it because sometimes he can be a little mean like that. So after I suggested it was the dog she said "Dont give me that bullshit" now its probably about 4:50 and I have to get on my bus at 6:20 so I really wanted that last little bit of sleep. My mom and I have a great relationship. But the nagging stopped and it started turning into screaming and I pucnhed one hole in the wall and accidently kneed another. She start threating the cops and so I stayed up to make sure she didnt because Im a good student so I didnt want my school life to be in jeopordy. Eventually I go and lay back down she comes in my room again and starts saying that she cant live with me anymore (This was not the first fight we had) and she said that today after school the cops would be waiting for me and they would take me to my foster home once again I care alot about my school reputation so that really freaked me out so I started crying really hard and she chanted in a high pitched voice "FOSTER CARE FOSTERCARE FOSTER CARE HAVE YOUR FOSTER PARENTS TAKE CARE OF YOU, ABUSER" I said "Mom please you dont understand I will get removed from my ap classes" She said "Dont call me mom anymore" I tackled her to the ground and started to punch her in the side, stomach and then I stompped once on her thigh. I needed to vent badly, ive been thinking about suicide but never actually took it seriously but lately its popped into my mind a scary amount.... Im 14 years old and Im a guy please leave feedback. One last thing Im adhd I take vyvanse and sometimes I get unnecesarilly mad at people, when I take my vyvanse (prescribed since 3rd grade) which is every day except fot weekends.
My (29F) partner(30M) of 6 years is verbally abusive and when he is drunk can be very intimidating. I am finally sick of it after years of thinking i was worth it enough for him to change. I can see it in his eyes that he resents me and in the past year he has stopped saying sorry and has started blaming me for his abuse.I am strong and stand up for myself but that doesn't change the fact that he obviously thinks i'm weak and pathetic.  Just like most people here there is a wonderful side to our relationship that occupies most of our relationship but the consistent abuse has taken its toll on me. I am developing some anxiety and self esteem issues that i have never had before. I also have developed a hatred of alcohol due to his heavy drinking, which sucks cos i like a good old binge drinking session here and there.This evening i read through some stories on here and cried as it all seemed too familiar, some stories more extreme but still hitting it home. I pretend everything is ok to everyone else and feel very alone in my life, i guess i'm too proud and stubborn to admit i have fucked up in staying in an abusive relationship at such a young age.I approached him tonight just as i have done in the past,to tried and explain how upset and shit i'm feeling (something i only do when he is sober as he is a monster when angry and drunk ) and he told me to fuck off, called me a cunt and a bitch ( words he often likes to call me ) He yelled abuse at me until i gave up and walked away. He said I'm always grumpy and he's sick of it ( i imagine he would be grumpy too if the tables where turned ) I'm completely heart broken that the man who promised to love me forever doesn't give a shit how much this is affecting me and i have decided that i can't go on like this anymore. It's already taken me too long to realise that he won't change for me or anyone else. I'm especially heart broken because i really want children and now it feels like that will never happen for me.We own two properties together and live in one of the houses we own ( the other property is rented out ). Both of us love our beautiful little house and neither of us want to leave. I have always been the organised hard worker that gets us ahead. I got us to this point by working my ass off and making things happen ( he has always worked hard too but isn't very good with money ) I pay most of the bills, do most of the cleaning and am the sole dog walker. My major concern other than loosing a partner that i thought i would have family with is that i have just started study again and can't work as much anymore. I still pay most of the bills etc but i'm so scared that i can't do it alone. I feel so stuck.I don't think it's fair that women always have to leave and start again ( not discounting men who are being abused ) I don't want to start again, i built this life and he is the one that has fucked it all up... not me, why should he get away with abuse while i have to go and live in some fucken share house while he gets to stay in our house.I have lost hope and don't where to go from here. Should i stand my ground and cop the smashed possessions and any other damage he my cause in order to kick him out?? I don't know that he will but it's definitely a possibility.Oh krap.. fuck him for love he gave me only to take it away.Thanks for listening.
My wife and I are both in our early 40's.  About a month ago, I thought my relationship suddenly became abusive as, during a minor argument, my wife proceeded to severely beat me while I refused to fight back.  When it didn't stop after a few minutes, I tried to escape by locking myself in the bathroom, only to have her kick a hole in the door, unlock it, and continue the beating.  When I threatened to call the police, she smacked her face against the wall, leaving a large red mark on her forehead, and told me to go ahead because she would simply tell them I was lying and had been the one to hit her.  So, I just sat down and took another ten minutes of it.  Later, she told me I was fortunate she couldn't find anything sharp because she would have stabbed me.  She has also taken no responsibility for it, blaming me for making her so incredibly angry, and she has gone on to say she can't believe she's married to "a pussy who won't fight back."  Since then, most arguments have resulted in her becoming physically violent, during which she seems gleeful at handing out a beatdown.  Once, she even came at me with a pair of scissors, and I wound up barricading myself into a bedroom, staying there until after she had gone to sleep.  We've had an increasing number of arguments over the last year, and the violence started when I said conflict begins with her refusal to communicate, giving clear examples of how failure to communicate led to arguing.  This was the first time I stood up to her in that way.  Normally, I take the blame, apologize, and try to make changes to appease her.  But, that always leads to a situation where I feel that I've been setup.  For example, she says I don't clean often enough.  So, I clean more, and that leads to an argument over the fact that I moved things while cleaning and now she can't find anything, even though those things are in their designated places.  They are just not where she last left them.  Since this started, I've begun reviewing everything that leads to arguing in an attempt to find a fix.  In doing so, I've realized my self esteem is almost non-existent, and that there are things that have been part of the relationship since the beginning that, were they switched, as in a male doing it to a female, would probably be considered abuse of some form as most of it is about maintaining control.Examples are:She says negative things about me, or my work, and then says she was "joking" and that I can't take a joke because I'm too sensitive.  Any time I express an opinion she disagrees with, she talks down to me like I'm a mouthy eight year old, and insists it's just too complex for me to fully understand.  Any suggestion that she is wrong about anything leads to an argument where she suddenly can't remember saying something, or she insists I'm recalling it incorrectly, and she said the opposite, making her right all along.  And, not only am I wrong, but I'm stupid for not getting it right in the first place.   A few years ago, she cut me off from all finances, saying I'm irresponsible with money, all because I bought fuel for my car, and that caused an overdraft when she didn't account for it before buying several hundred dollars worth of clothes.  Since then, I've had a debit card tied to an account that is separate from the primary account.  I can't even view the primary.  I'm not allowed cash at all, because she can't track cash transactions.  I have to account for all spending.  And, when she's upset with me, she removes all funds from the account, leaving me without access to any money.  Also, when she's upset with me, she turns off my phone, and shuts down my internet access.  I have no access to the account for the phone as, once again, I'm "irresponsible."  As for the internet access, I have a separate router from her and her children, with its own security that I have no access to, which gives her the ability to monitor all traffic on it, knowing it is only I who use it.  (I'm currently accessing a neighbor's unsecured wifi so she can't see I'm posting.)  When she's angry, she changes the password.  This leaves me almost no possibility for outside contact if she's upset with me.  She gets incredibly angry anytime I speak to my family, making it so that I only speak to them a few times a year.  And, I long ago gave up having friends because she would be angry about time spent away.  And, finally, she gives me the silent treatment, always for a couple of days, sometimes for weeks, after any argument.  So, there will be times where I am literally isolated from any human contact simply because she is angry with me.  A few days ago, I tried to bring up that I thought all of this was abusive, but she just dismissed it as my "being a drama queen," saying I'm "a pussy" who can't take responsibility for making his wife unhappy, and that "only a little bitch" would think a woman could abuse a man.     So, my question is, am I inventing abuse out of things I view as bad behavior?  If this is actual abuse, how do I fix it?  If I can't fix it, how do I even begin to extract myself from it with no resources, no support network, and no options?  I'm feeling desperate, depressed, and trapped.  Please help.  
So long story short. My mom died five years ago. 
Hello, I have a problem with my relationship with my girlfriend. I am 25M she is 28FFirst, thank you in advance for hearing me out.This cycle has been repeating for over 2 years and it seems to get worse every time.Cycle: An issue arises requiring communication. Today I initiated a conversation,expressing my feelings of feeling frustrated. I am working on building a business andmuch of my time goes into this business. I live with my girlfriend. I have previouslyexpressed my desire for her to lend me a hand with a small portion of graphic design, because she does this for her full time job. I believe in my business venture,and she did agree to helping me out with the graphic design portion, since she does thisfor her full time job and I don't like doing graphic work. She put it off,and insisted that I go and get her weed because she doesn't like doing it herself,even though I don't want the stuff, I just wanted to work on my business. It was around 9pm.I decided to go to sleep because I came to the conclusion that she doesn't want anythingto do with my business, and she is content with smoking pot and watching tv.In the morning I woke up feeling slightly frustrated because of this. I took a shower,and lied on my bed (we live together but I also have my own bed because she owns everythingin the main bedroom and since we fight often it feels more comfortable for me to retreat tomy own bed sometimes). She came into my room and said something about me ignoring her,stormed away and slammed her door.I wasn't doing anything to hurt her I was just laying not thinking just trying to get in touch with my feelings and my frustration. She came back later and did a similar thing.Why is it not okay for me to lay on my bed in silence?An hour past and I went upstair feeling frustrated knowing that I needed to talk andcommunicate with her. First I cleaned the kitched and cooked some hashbrownsfor both of us. I then began the communication by stating my feelings of frustration. She instead madethe conversation about me "ignoring her". She did not want anything to do with this conversation and it resulted in me beingeven more frustrated. I decided to go for a walk outside, after 15 minutes I became quite cold as there is snow on the ground and I was only wearing a light sweater.I decided to return home, grab my laptop, a sweater my headphones and go to the libraryto work on my business. I was still frustrated because I had cooked her breakfastand tried to express my feelings to her and it backfired on me, so when I returned homeI said, "please I ask you to respect me, and not talk to me or stand in my way while I collectsome of my things."I dont think a second went by with her completely ignoreing what I said and interigating me. I was very frustrated and I wanted alone time. I didn't have the sound state of mind that I would liketo communicate properly, this is why I said this. I asked again to just please, leave me be right now.she again ignored me, and I put in headphones and turned up the music while I collected my laptop.She came to me and took off my headphones, shoving bills in my face as if it was a dire situation of me paying the bills.I was getting my laptop from a corner of the house and she was holding me in place trying to force me to talkto her, when that was the last thing I wanted to do. I thought I had made myself clear!I asked her to move and she would not get out of my face! After a few minutes I physically pushed her away.I know that I shouldnt have pushed her but I felt totally trapped with no where to move. I already expressedthat I don't want to talk right now, I asked her to respect my need for space and she did the exact opposite!I honestly think she was trying to provoke me because she feel shitty about herself.  When the weekend comes she gets in a terrible mood because she never knows what to dowith herself. She resorts to smoking pot and watching tv and gets upset and any little "mistake" i might make.I have the right to reserve space for myself and damnit if someone is refusing to let me move im going to push them!This escalated very very much to the point where she was threatening suicide even putting a knife up to her throatand making cutting marks on her wrist. I know she wouldn't actually do it , it was a mental controlling act or something.Eventually I said Im calling her parents and she came at me still holding the knife demanding I give her my phone.I did not give it to her and eventually agreed I wasnt going to call her parents.I left with my backpack and laptop and now am at the library not knowing what to do.I think i need help.

I am telling this story in the hope that maybe someone on this somewhere might be inspired. Or maybe as a shout out that they aren't alone in feeling the way they do.I was in an abusive relationship for years. This was  emotional and occasionally physical. I was 100 percent convinced it was me, how I acted around other boys, how I wasn't interested in the right things. Looking back this is crazy. When I first met him everything was great. He was just out of a long term relationship, we hung out and things were great. He didn't get jealous and we just had fun. It didn't start til nearly a year in when feelings got stronger. My first memory was us all being drunk at a party and we had a fight and he pushed me down some stairs. A friend saw this and shouted at him, and he shouted back. The next day he apologised for it but said I had deserved it for how I acted around other guys there. My friends said I was completely myself and no one else had this impression. but I gave him the benefit of the doubt and thought - he must just really like me. In a fucked up way I made excuses and thought it was flattering. This gradually continued, he said it was me drinking and I should stop. I listened. Eventually my friends broke away as it wasn't fun to be around anymore as he got so nasty and he said it was just that they hated him and that was it. He once Strangled me in a street and two men rang the police, I told the police woman what happened and she accused me of just trying to get attention. I never spoke to the police again about it. I was told my friends weren't fun enough and the sad thing is I started to believe it. There was a number of times when I was drunk I was hit/choked/spat on/pushed and every time I sobered I still thought it was because I was drunk.It came to a point I stopped telling my friends what happened to me as I wanted them to like him and I wanted it to work out and I kept convincing myself that after it happened that it was getting better this time.We moved in together and as we got older we stayed in a lot more, most weekends. But I didn't go out. When I did I was afraid and when I got home there were consequences. I was always made to believe I deserved it. He would go through my social media and go mental and call me a liar if he spotted anyone I didn't mention. This is another issue. I was constantly a liar for everything.I was basically made out to feel I wasn't honest, I wasn't good enough. I deleted all social media and cut more ties with my friends as I wanted it to work. I did things out of fear and for appreciation rather for myself. I made myself so alone that he had nothing to say anymore. But he always found something. Every day it was the way I dressed, the way I cooked, the way I spoke to him, the way I didn't. He laughed at my ideas and when I told him about work he belittled me. It was a horrible form of bullying. The small occasion I did go out, there was physical violence when I came home.When I look at myself before the relationship, I was a happy  girl. I loved music and I loved socialising and sports. I'm slowly getting back to myself now and getting used to being able to do way I want and when I want. Unfortunately for me at the moment is I am completely uninterested in the prospect of getting into another relationship ever again for now. But the feeling of getting out of that toxic relationship is far better than the prospect of ever being alone. He has moved on already- and it isn't my place to intervene and warn the girl Tbh.To anyone who is experiencing anything similar I would ask them to try and think for themselves. Never keep just to yourself. Tell people who you trust and do not let anyone make you feel you are not worthy. Listen to your friends. Don't make excuses the moment anyone lays a hand on you. And there is always a way out - no matter how long it's been or how stuck you feel. The fear of getting out is far worse than the act of doing it. 
[no]
The first time it happened, she was in the street, ripping her hair out by the handful. I bear hugged her to restrain her from self harm, and it worked until she hit me in the head and continued. In efforts to restrain her more, I tried to hold her but accidentally knocked her down in the process.The second time, we were outside of my house. We got in a slight argument, and she punched me in the face, twice. In reaction, I reached out and grabbed her and hugged her close so I would not be hit anymore.The third time, she punched me in the eye after I tried to keep her from leaving. In reaction, I blindly reached out and grabbed, and my hand landed on her throat. I quickly let go. Afterwards she threatened me by sleeping with a knife.The fourth time, things got worse. It was a big fight, and she punched me in the nose/eye and push me hard, so I pushed back, and open handed pushed her head into my mattress. Her ear became swollen due to her recent piercing and me irritating it. The fifth time. We were both intoxicated. We got into an argument about the night and she hit me in the face 4 times, and kicked me in the chest twice. I never retaliated.                                                      She describes me as physically and mentally abusive, and constantly says how shitty I am for ever touching her. Those are the only times there have ever been malicious physical force between either of us. Am I the abuser? Or am I being abused? I honestly don't know anymore.
(17, m)My parents have always had high expectations of me, since early in elementary school, my attempts at projects and papers were never enough, and always warranted a thorough revision (rewriting) by them.  Fast forward to today, and the issue has evolved into expecting 100’s or higher on any given assignment. (Even when I bring home perfect scores, her first question is “that’s it?” or “no extra credit?”  I realize that most parents want the best for their children, but my mother seems to have taken to telling me that I will never amount to anything when I get any grade under a high A.  This negative reinforcement is magnified whenever I do exceptionally poorly on something, or forget an assignment.  When this happens, maybe once every month to every few months, she screams at me for hours on end, leaving the room only to re-enter with a fresh insult and complaint.  The previous time this happened, I mumbled something about killing myself, to which she retorted, “Good! One less mouth to feed!”  She had never outright told me to kill myself or encouraged the act, so this particular lashing out took me by surprise.The other predominant issue in my situation is the very likely possibility that I am autistic.  I’ve read numerous articles and taken numerous self-diagnosis online tests, and I can see myself in almost every question/fact I read.  They all seem to confirm my suspicions; however, my father simply denies any notion that something could be wrong with me, and just calls me a dork, or says that I need to try harder in school.  My mother is indifferent on the issue.  I’m constantly called autistic by a few of my classmates because of my awkward behavior and, to them, odd interests.The most recent episode happened today when I failed to fully complete a two-part homework assignment.  She repeatedly hit me over the head and on the arms when I raised them to protect myself, screaming bloody murder all the while.  Episodes like this one are much rarer than the occasional verbal tirade, but they occur nonetheless.What they don’t know is that I’ve been feeling depressed on and off for a few years.  I’ll be feeling alright, when something like a verbal scolding will knock me off course for days, sometimes a week or two.  I’ve kept it mostly silent, but once my dad found a webpage regarding depression (not suicide, mind you) on one of my devices, about which he angrily approached me, hit me in the chest, and told me delete it and not “joke about stuff like that”.  When I confusedly told him it wasn’t a joke, he hit me again.I’m really stuck here.  I’m just trying to get through my Junior and Senior years of high school, before I’m off to college and out of their house forever (I will probably politely decline any visits).  I have nowhere else to go, honestly.  I feel like if I disrupt the already off-kilter living situation I have, nothing will get better.Also: I have a little sibling, whom I care deeply about and I don’t want them to endure anything I went through.In summary:1.Is this abuse?2.Should I do something, or just deal with it until I can leave?edited for grammar
Hello, I'm 24 and my mother and I don't talk to each others anymore. When I was 5, she stucked me several times with a baseboard. I remember exactly the feeling I had everytime she did it: I was totally terrorized and panicked. But she allways did because I messed up before. Also, she never told me "You did well!". She was allways critisizing my choice (1 years ago, I has been to the dentist. She said I was an idiot to do that), telling me "You are not doing your best" for my school result (they was acceptable in fact). Now, I just hate myself and I'm very hard on me. Even people around me telling it. Is it what's abuse can look like?
And it still hurts I'm not gonna be a punching bag anymore
I've been with my girlfriend for going on 10 year we have 1 child a 7 year old. Well early on about 7 years ago she started becoming abusive like hitting me shoving me into walls..calling me names. I have never hit her or anything or retaliated it went on for a couple years then slowed down now she may push me against s 2allett or punch me 2-3 times a year . I know it's not ok I'm scared to leave I have a life with her bills cars ect but lately she calls me names and I feel the more frequent abuse could start again.  I just don't know what to do or how to do it I guess I feel weird even postING this. There is no abuse anywhere else but me she's jolly with everyone else. Any advice?
Warning for mentions of verbal cruelty, violence.So I guess I'm turning to Reddit for help because I don't know who else to go to. There is literally nobody I can talk to face-to-face because everyone knows my dad and he is a prominent figure in my community and talking to anyone would be self-sabotage.My dad verbally/emotionally abuse my mom on a regular basis (average is twice a week). My mom is a strong person but you can tell when he's yelled at her because she acts really stiff/professional for days. My dad says the most awful things to her and I stay awake at night listening because I can't help it. It feels like if I went to sleep I would be abandoning my mom. It's like I'm obsessed with listening in on what my dad says and every time it just makes me terrifyingly furious.The first time I brought up that my dad was abusive (I was maybe 9/10) my mom actually screamed "no!" And "how could you say that, your father works to support this entire family" and a lot of other unrelated bullshit that sounds good but did not address the topic of abuse. Eight years later I said it again, "dad's verbally abusive," and she said sadly "I know." And it was the most heartbreaking thing, because my mom would never say anything bad about him to me and that was the closest she ever got.But I hate him. I hate when I come home and find drawers ripped out of their sockets and tables tipped over and chairs broken. He does that when he gets mad. Ruins the house, leaves my mom to clean up everything he broke or toppled. I hate when I hear him talking at night how he never wants to see my mom's face again and how she's so selfish when she has literally given up her life for this family (the only time she leaves the house is to go shopping or to go to church). She cooks every single fucking meal for him. We only ever order out when my mom is literally in bed because she's sick. She works so hard and all he ever does is tell her she's not only not good enough, but that she's selfish and only listens to her own ideas and only cares for herself.I want to report my dad because he has caused her and my family a lot of damage. My mom says I am her best friend ("and I know that's wrong," she says, "because you're my kid and you don't deserve the baggage"), and she literally has no one else. No friends. The reason I can't report my dad is because we are a special needs family. My mom cannot work AT ALL because my little sister requires daily, almost 24-hour supervision because she is severely disabled and cannot care for herself in any way, shape, or form (can't feed herself, can't water herself, can't use a restroom, can't communicate other than crying, will hurt herself accidentally if she's not supervised, has violent clonic tonic (I think that's the right spelling) seizures, etc.) PLEASE DO NOT BLAME MY SISTER because she is a victim as well and she has no control over her level of development. I hear my dad yell at her and threaten that he's going to "punch the living day lights" out of her because she can be loud sometimes and likes to bang her hands on the wall to hear the sound it makes and she likes to stim by putting blankets in her mouth, which makes my dad livid. He has beat the shit out of her for crying and hurt me when I tried to protect her. So I guess that's physical abuse too. He has hit her a few times and he hit us regularly as punishment and I remember quite a few times where he would say stuff like "don't touch that, if it breaks you'll get hurt but believe me I'll hurt you more than it ever could."But onto my real point; he is the only person in our family who works. My mom is the only one who cares for my sister and my dad doesn't help at all except he makes money. He is also a religious leader and I was brought up home-schooled and all of my friends go to his church. I can't tell them/their families my dad is a monster because if he looses his job my mom and my sister suffer.I don't know what to do. I get so angry and any time I tell my mom I'm mad at him she says "don't be, I can defend myself," but she can't! She can't stand up to him because he is a terror. I don't think he's ever hit her personally but honestly if I learned he did I would feel sick to my stomach but would not be surprised at all. My mom has no friends she can talk to, my family will not bring my sister to a shelter (too many horror stories of rape/maltreatment, and I personally wouldn't want her to go to one anyway), and I literally can't tell anyone unless I want to kill my family's only source of income. If I stand up to my dad my dad will hate me and treat me worse (we went through a bad period 2010-2013 and my dad turned a lot of the abuse on me then, now I just act nice to him to try and calm things down because it makes it better for my family) and my mom will also get mad at me because she says she can "deal with it herself."Is there even anything I can do? I feel trapped. I can move out, but that doesn't help my mom or sister or my two other siblings. I can't suggest counseling (I've passively given my dad books on marriage reconciliation and he loses his shit). I can't tell people in the church because they would talk to my dad and it would end in him being awful to whoever ratted him out. He also suffers from depression/anxiety/what seems to be a case of PTSD and he was also abused as a child, as was his father before him. So I almost feel bad, not when he's yelling or throwing a violent fit, but when I think about reporting him when he's not home.I also kind of feel like I'm over-reacting and so I'm embarrassed to talk as well. I read about somewhat similar home situations in lit. (Especially southern-based lit.) but it's killing my mom. I get angry and actually cry because I feel helpless and I hate myself because every choice is the wrong choice. I don't know what to do. Is there even anything I can do?Sorry this is so long.
I'm scared of walking away but being a punching bag for too long my body hurts
I should start by stressing that one of my degrees is Psychology; I've seen and heard many horrible things, but this one, in particular, is consuming me.A few years ago I started talking to a girl online, let's call her "C". We mostly talked about art, until one day she told me something she claimed she had never told anyone before - she had been abused as a child. She went on to tell me that as she was really young (9?), she went to a colleague's house to play. Eventually, he undressed her and... let's just say she did not know what he was doing to her, and it really hurt her physically. She started behaving differently, and so, she was taken to a psychologist. When they were alone, he promised her a "secret treatment" she should never tell anyone about. What was it? - he repeatedly forced her to make oral sex to him. I prefer not to tell you her entire story from here on, but let's simple put it like this - abuse, abuse, rapist boyfriend, abuse, ...As she went on to tell me more things like these, I grew increasingly worried about her. I wished that, then and there, I could just give her an incredibly huge hug, and promise her everything would be alright, that I'd protect her. She was really nice to me, except when I tried to ask her out; time and again, she would tell me we couldn't go out, her mother would not allow it. I told her I'd gladly talk to her mother, as my intentions were absolutely honest. She would not allow this, and she would sometimes become abusive and a jerk to me. Once, for example, when I was in the hospital, she told me "Even if I could help you, I wouldn't", which really hurt me.Repeatedly, she would come home, talk to me and tell me that new bad things had happened. One time, for example, she told me that she went to a college party and, apparently, someone spiked her drink, but her friends (fortunately) prevent anything else from happening to her.Then, some time afterwards, she told me that she had been abusive to me all along because she was just testing me. I flipped out, because I really cared for her, and apparently she was just being a jerk to push me further and further and make me be abusive to her, too. This really, really, hurt me, because I really cared for her. I don't doubt she has abused, or any of that, but the fact that I cared for her, and that, in return, she was such a jerk to me, really carved a hole in me. I told her she could trust, I sent her a book I once wrote on the things I myself had been through, but it seemed like nothing to her...Then... one day, she told me she had had sex with her best friend, and she was afraid she could be pregnant. Again, she refused my help, and stopped answering my messages. Some time went by, I got worried, and so I talked to her sister on Facebook; I did NOT reveal anything I was told before, but I did notice that her sister (and, apparently, the rest of her family) was absolutely clueless about all that had been going on, and only stated "C" was very reclusive and talked very little about her life, becoming really upset if someone insisted with her. So, her sister insisted a lot with me to know what had happened to "C", but I revealed nothing at all, and despite the fact her sister had promised the conversation would be a secret, she ended up revealing the conversation to "C".A few minutes later I got a really upset message from "C", and she seemed REALLY bothered. I tried to assure her I had told her sister nothing at all, but she seemed really, really sad about it. A few days later, I went to a local church for the first time in over 10 years and asked to confess myself to a priest, to whom I told all this. And yet... it still consumes me, knowing that a girl who's been through all this exists, and she is suffering, perhaps right now.What can I do, for me and for her?
I'm a 17 year old male, and I live with my aunt and uncle- I practically always have, at least since my parents lost custody over a decade ago. Now, I've never liked living with them, but I assume that's only natural due to the way they won custody from my separated mother and father. Things were mostly alright for most of my life, although I've always struggled with depression and suicidal tendencies. However, around a year and a half ago when my biological father died, things went downhill quickly. I've always been a student who makes A's or high B's, but my grades fell sharply sue to the feelings that consumed me. In response, I relied on my constant relief of digital media/gaming to keep myself sane, and almost used it as an escape. Despite their knowledge of why my grades fell and what I used to make myself happy, my family's response was to take away every electronic I owned.On top of this, my uncle has always made me feel useless, idiotic, and practically meaningless through the way he yells at and treats me. My aunt has recently taken his side as well. Back to the story, I suppose. I finally got my possessions I paid for back, but they continue doing such things to this day. During this time I was grounded, I mentioned my mounting levels of depression, and even the recent thoughts of suicide due to the combined stresses of school, my father's death, my lack of an escape, and even them themselves. This didn't help. The suicide hotline I used to call was blocked from my phone, and I haven't gotten to visit my counselor often at all since then.My aunt occasionally strikes me with an open palm on any part of my body she can reach, typically when I mention my feelings of sadness or suicidal thoughts. My uncle only did this as well, but, on one occasion did quite a bit more. He was messing with me around 3 months ago, grabbing at my face and such things. I wasn't quite in the mood, and I actually shoved him away for once- but only after asking him to stop time and time again. This caused a massively disproportionate response, in my opinion. He quickly grabbed me, pinned me against the wall with my arm held behind my back, threatening to break it and beat me bloody if I ever touch him or resist him again. I started crying, being as sensitive and such as I am. This only caused him to continue threatening me, and I managed to break his hold and run outside. Hyperventilating and crying, I remained outside for around half an hour in the rain before I finally managed to pull myself back inside. My aunt was someone sympathetic, but my uncle simply glared at me and allowed me to go into my room- he had taken my things away again, unsurprisingly.Ever since that occasion, I've been scared of him. I tried to share this with my aunt, but that only made her angry and when I mentioned I wanted to seek help she said they'd both probably kill me out of anger if I sought help from CPS or my school counselor. I cry quite a bit more than I used to now, and my teachers worry for my safety, both from my family and myself. Even now my uncle took everything away once more, after catching me up late talking to my friend on Skype about the situation and how I wanted to kill myself. My electronics are how I cope, and being unable to talk to my boyfriend or anyone else is hellish for me.They've treated me even worse now, ever since I've came out as an atheist and gay. So, is this abuse? I'm not sure that one act of a major physical act counts, nor am I sure of this counts as emotional abuse. Please answer- I can't stand being with them much longer, and there's not really any good ways out if I can't get out with a reason from the government / the law.Edit: Going to anyone is difficult, as my aunt and uncle always turn things like this to look like I am the one at fault.
This is written about my current ex that belittled me for having bipolar and OCD. An open letter to my ex, We have had good and bad memories. Things were so great at first and we felt we could take the world. Everything seemed so right. We would go out to eat and laugh about life. You were there for me as I was for you. Everything felt like it was falling into place. Overtime, we got used to each other and we were out of the honeymoon phase. I felt so comfortable with you and opened my whole heart and soul. You knew me and I knew you, well so I thought. Things started going to shit real quick. My mood swings were too much and you couldn't handle it. I'm sorry that I have this illness, it's completely robbed me of me. I'm sorry Id scream and get angry within minutes. I'm sorry I would feel like I wanted to die because I would get overwhelmed. I'm sorry I had to go to the hospital on numerous occasions because I'd have a panic attack and my bipolar would be out of hand . I'm sorry I got clingy, I just wanted to be loved. I'm sorry id instigate arguments because I felt you were hiding something from me. I'm trying to better myself with medication and therapy. I wasn't the only one at fault here. You told me I was insane. You said I was too much to handle. You didn't quite understand what was going on in my head so you would belittle me. You asked why I would wear makeup. You'd question who I was with, who I'd talk to. When you'd get angry it was justified and okay but if I did I was the batshit one. More or less things got really emotionally abusive and I would take it because I believed it was my fault. As time went on I realized I wasn't at fault. You were the one twisting everything because you were insecure and unhappy about yourself. I tried to be compassionate and I gave you many chances. However, things have to come to an end and I just want to say, I'm better off without you. Sincerely, Your crazy ex girlfriendPS: even though you completely broke me down, I can still build myself up again. Like a Phoenix, I will rise from the ashes. 
I know I don't know you, and I may never meet you but know I "love" you like a sister/brother or best friend.I have been there. 4 years with the same man who did the same things to me. Constant critiques of my clothing, my make-up, my driving, my family, my friends ect. Picking fights with me because he wanted to feel bigger than me. At first, I assumed it was his need to feel happy because i of a bad job situation but it kept going. He hated his new job, refused to move on with his life. Two jobs later, he was still miserable making TONS of money refusing to leave home and start his life, and still putting me in my place.He belittled me. Made me feel dumb by playing silly guessing games and would never tell me the answer when I gave up saying "You need to figure it out, that way you'll learn." After 4 years, I was broken. I lost myself, my humor, my "snarkness," my love of sports, my love of nerdy things, my love of art, and almost lost 2 of my best friends.It may not seem like it now, no one deserves to treat you like that. If he critiques you and never compliments you, he isn't worth your time. Abuse isn't just physical or even verbal yelling. It breaks you down. It hurts you mentally, sometimes slowly.I ended our relationship about a year ago. It took a while for me to heal and a lot of crying, anger, apologies and support of my friends and my family. Reach out to those who truely care about you, if you don't have them reach out and make friends. Slowly, it'll get better, you'll get yourself back. My best advice is DON'T hide your emotion. DON'T give him the satisfaction of him hurting you. It gives him the power. Cut him off. Let yourself feel. Cry, Get Angry. Find something to keep yourself busy. If you need help, go get it. Time will heel you and you will learn to find people who really care about you. I certainly have had bad experiences but have had more positive experiences and met some wonderful people since we broke up and since I was free to be me. 
made a throwaway to keep identities private. I'm in my early twenties, and recently, girls I've been meeting are kept in relationships and sexual peer-circles through blackmail or extortion. One situation involved men getting hold of her nude photos, and threatening to release their nudes if she doesn't continue to fuck and stay with them. Another situation involved threatening her with violent consequences for another man she may want to date.I'd like to know how common of a tactic this is, and if other redditors are aware of similar situations among people in their lives. Maybe care to share?tl;dr: Do people often get their long-term relationships by trapping their mate?
We live with him. He talked shit on my mom to all their mutual friends. Isolating her. He is also silent to her, or if she does try to initiate conversation he is shitty to her. Just a shitty tone of voice or some remark. So he gives everyone in the house the silent treatment at this point and living with him is so awkward and strange.He wastes my nice products in the shower. I feel that I can no longer put my nice shampoo and conditioner in there, I have to put them in my room.He has very dirty habits!! Which he refused to change when my mom noticed them when we moved in, instead he's gotten worse and just does them on purpose. He mixes peanutbutter and crumbs into the jelly, he leaves bread open on the counter, his coffee drips down the front of the whte cabinets.. He wipes toothpaste on the hand towels, he consistently tracks mud in.. The list goes on, filth follows this man. My mother and I are always picking up after him.He gets up in the morning and STOMPS. Around the house, muttering curses under his breath and slamming doors, consistently.This morning I think he used or tampered with my toothbrush. I know he hates me because I'm the bitchy teenage daughter that didn't like him from the start, and kids stereotypically don't like the people who date their mom... But I just knew he was bad.I don't like that he touched my toothbrush. How long has that been going on?I can't do anything about this except for wait to move out and I feel so angry. Is it abuse? My gut feelings say yes, this man has been bad to us, but my logic says no, where is the evidence. Please give me some feedback.
I'm 21, female, and I recently ended an abusive relationship with a man I had been seeing. I was a straight A student in high school, and because of my hard work I got into a top ranking school. My abuse changed that and I fell into depression. I attended college at a small private school away from my safety net of familiar family and friends, and was my first time living away from home, entering a new culture (the mainland USA). My relationship with my abuser started in my freshman year of college, and through my sophomore year. Now I am taking a gap year, and plan to return in fall, but I am on academic probation for failing the second semester of a required class. I struggled with school work and exams, as my abuser-- and I call him that because now that I am free of him, I cannot fathom someone treating a person they love in the way he did to me-- was very controlling and manipulative. My abuse began as small almost dismissible slights and soon grew out of control. He occupied all of my time, expecting me to text him where I was at various times of the day, call him every morning and every night, shame me if I wanted to spend time with friends or take time for myself. He would threaten to call the school or people I knew to look for me if I didn’t check in. I felt unsafe. It escalated to where he would Skype me every evening, and make me "sleep" with him on Skype, running the program all night long. He would tell me that sexually pleasing him was my responsibility, even if I was exhausted. He would insinuate that I would have his children, that he would come and marry me, and that I would support his unemployment. Soon he was making plans for our marriage, but the most disturbing thing was that he seemed to like viewing me as a child— calling me diminutive pet names for children and making it a sexual thing. He talked about physically abusing me, about how I had no right to tell him "no." I could write more; it really threw me. Looking back, I am pretty disgusted at myself for not pulling away before I did, and just dropping his ass like a stinking pile of shit. I can't believe I put up with it: I am a strong, intelligent woman, and I know I deserve respect. I was in deep with the abuse, and normalizing it, clinging to him for what little he could give me and what I thought I needed. I stopped seeking out friends and calling family. He took advantage of me being alone, vulnerable in a new culture and system, and under a ton of stress. He exasperated my stress and wore me down, and I could not efficiently focus on my education. My grades suffered severely, and every other semester I was on academic probation. I would appreciate some advice on who I can go to to talk to about this, and more importantly if I can get help from my school. It's a shitty situation to be in, because it's basically just my word against my grades on paper. Is it too late to do something about it? Should I talk to a school therapist? Should I write to my academic advisor about my situation? I’m feeling lost and angry, I want my school to know why I am failing classes. I really don’t feel like I have a system of support at that school and I don’t want to go back and repeat the same destructive behaviors all over again. I am working and largely supporting myself in terms of cost of my education, so I can’t afford to go to a therapist out of my own pocket.Edit: I added the trigger warning because I go into some uncomfortable details in my post. It's for those who may not wish to read that. 

I'm still living with my emotionally, financially and mentally abusive partner... the good news is that I just landed a great job at an office, with stable pay and hours. To top it off, I think I've landed a place with some friends (trying not to jump the gun before I start at the new job).I'm kind of afraid to leave... idk what will happen. We have a daughter together, which my soon to be ex uses against me and keeps from me for no reason. To elaborate, she guilts me into giving her money for our daughter for everything, including things that aren't essential to her wellbeing, but refuses to give me any proof. Then I'm never allowed to have my daughter at home even though she's 3. She brings her to the daycare she works at on weekdays and if in lucky I can pick her up for a few hours a day or two during the week. Weekends, they are constantly out, even if I have the day off, I'm not included and I'm never told where they are going.What I'm getting at is that I want to see my daughter more and be more involved, but my soon to be ex is a chronic liar. I'm afraid she'll make things up to prevent me from seeing my daughter and get as much child support as she can from me. I have no problem helping daughter... but I don't want to find their trips to expensive places while I'm broke. She's made plenty of threats in the past and I'm afraid of what she might do or say. Especially what she might say to our daughter. I plan to be moving in a couple of months, any advice and resources would be great. As well as anything I might expect to happen when I leave. I have a decent support network here (friends) and finally the ability to move out and support myself, so I'm proud I've gotten this far.
First time poster here. I was raised by a sadistic dad who would beat me over the head with pipe wrenches when I forgot things. He put my brother out in the rain because he would not allow crying in the house in a crib for hours. He caught pneumonia and died at home because he did not allow him to be taken to the hospital.He was a black belt in Judo and a golden gloves boxing champion in San Diego.Far worse than that was his verbal abuse. He would deliberately rage us up with his exquisitely sharp tongue. He was a master at taunting, teasing and all sorts of mental torture.  I hated his manner of treating others. What he did was disgusting. His favorite thing was after making a particularly cutting remark and say "Not one more word or ...."! Yesterday I went to Jack in the box. i have a tendancy for my jaw to suddenly snap don't wn and bite the living crap out of my lips or tongue. I am so sick of it and get really pissed at myself that I can't even eat without risking turning my mouth into raw hamburger. Iv'e bit myself up to 14 times in one sitting and the only thing that stops it is to slam myself over the head a few times.So I am sitting at the table and suddenly out of the blue I slam down on my lip and crush my lip to sausage and this worker goes ape on me and starts in yelling profanities and insults at me. I'm stunned! I can't think of anything to say or de-esxalate this thing but I'm pissed, humiliated and fully intimidated. I'm 60 years old now and and He sent me right back to childhood. I haven felt that way since I was a little kid being slapped around and teased and taunted.I told him you don't take someone upset and antagonize them. Thats not professional. I know it was stupid of me to hit myself, I understand that but this guy would not shut up! Long after he made his point he went on and on!Its been a full day and I still haven't recovered. I know people will say "Get over it" but things don't always work that way.So yes, I'm down and despite all efforts and tricks Iv'e learned in my shrink sessions I keep on finding myself re-hashing this rotton dead horse carcass.Edit:DYAC
I was sexually abused during my elementary years, by my father while my mother was away at work, I don't remember how long it lasted just that it was semi-frequent due to my mother working a couple cities over full-time. It started because of verbal abuse, being loudly yelled at immediately every time I dropped dishes or got in the way and so on. I used to practically cry on command every time I did something wrong, even if my father or no one was around, for years.  I had a sexually curious girl friend in elementary that I'd talk to that had me asking my father, cluelessly and curiously, to show me what sex was. He had been the one asking or me, I remember bits and pieces of it- being uncomfortable, not knowing what the feeling was and saying no a few times before it finally stuck. I remember blaming myself all through middle school for not having said no more often or sooner, this didn't help that my dad would tell me that he wouldn't of done it if I hadn't asked for it (ignoring that he had asked for it too). I am 20 years old now, 3 years out of high school. I moved away for my second year of college and have been away from home since, until now.I told my mother last Summer, she didn't blame me for it like I thought she might. During her yelling at him in living room, I overheard that it had happened to my 10-years-my-elder sister when she was young too, she had stayed with him because he "promised not to do it again". I left again back to another state at the end of that Summer, today is my first day back, I didn't want to come back. I don't have job experience or a degree, by the time I found entry-level jobs open I had nowhere left to stay (and no one had a couch open). It's been around half a year since she's told him she wants a divorce, he's been upset that she's not giving him half- she doesn't have official paperwork together still, she works when the courthouse is open. He's living in the guest room, I'm living in the spacious bathroom closet. I'm feeling quite a bit like Harry Potter under the stairs at this point. He doesn't have a job, he's still running the pity party of I'm old so jobs are hard that he has been running since I was a kid (although he had at least a couple a few months ago, that he doesn't have anymore). He doesn't have any of his own savings, he barely had any when my mother and him married- so little that they decided on a joint bank account apparently. So he's out at restaurants and bars continuing to spend her money like he always has, being upset about not getting half. He's waiting for it to blow over, he had continued to try to talk to me over email and texts after I had decided to not talk to him at all before I had left. He's delusional to the point of denying that he broke his promise to my mother of not abusing their second child, and he denied ever verbally abusing me though he had moments of "i'm sorry if I did that" *crocodile tears*. He's mentally ill, he refuses to get therapy. It's driving me nuts because my mother is at work right now and my father is watching tv in the living room acting like everything is normal, that everyone else is crazy. I don't know what to do, a large part of me wants him in prison but everyone else was content enough before to let my father do his own thing, thinking he's just an asshole. My mother believes me about the sexual harassment but she doesn't seem to understand the verbal abuse or the manipulation... I'm worried he has her feeling sorry for him even though she says she isn't... I'm very lost right now, I don't have any friends who will talk to me about this anymore other than to say "it sucks". I don't know what steps to take to get him in prison, I don't want this to happen to someone else (He had made comments about my friends being attractive in the past). I'm worried that if I report him I won't have enough proof to get him locked away. I don't much like the thought of having to repeat all of this and more up in front of a court either.
For me, I cry really easily, kind of like a knee jerk reaction. I also noticed I breakdown when someone unknowingly asks about certain aspects or if I try to talk about my problems. Usually break down in front of authority figures a well, especially if they ask me what's wrong. Also cry when I get frustrated which I know is normal for some people. I also noticed I get really teary when someone like a teacher praised me. My parents also use to hit me if I didn't stop crying so I hyperventilate when I cry. I was a pretty emotionless child, I still have some of those qualities but overall it has thrown me into an abundance of unneeded emotions and I'm a lot more emotional than I should've been. I'm really pessimistic but I'm not sure if that is credited to abuse.I also have anxiety, get extremely anxious with minuscule things. I use to be really outgoing, really straight forward, blunt person, wasn't scared of confrontations up until I was 17 or so but now I'm a lot more submissive and keep my opinions to myself. For those of you that this happened to a really long time ago, do you ever break down sometimes still? Did you/would you ever forgive your parents? Hell would freeze over before I want anything to do with them.
But I just wanted to talk about my family; Getting stuff off my chest I suppose you could call it. I'm not trying to have a pity party, I just want to discuss it with other redditors. My mother has Schizo-Affective Disorder, which has always in someway or another been present in both my childhood, and that of my siblings. For those who don't know, Schizo-Affective Disorder is a form of Bipolar, but with more emphasis on psychosis. Not often would she tell me encouraging things, rarely would she say sorry, and never have I seen my mother admit that she was wrong. Her impact on me wasn't as significant at first, but it grew over the years. When I was 4, I was molested by [undisclosed family member] and at the time I didn't really understand what was happening, all I really knew at the time was that [undisclosed family member] had me and him naked, while I was sitting on his lap and I can only now assume he was jacking off to porn. I realized what happened slowly but surely, and several years (I was either 7 or 8) and I told my mother about what I remembered, and obviously she showed some concern, but eventually dismissed it. Besides that colorful incident, in my early years, I saw her constantly yell and belittle my siblings, especially my sister who had a severe bullying problem that was so bad that she had to go to private school. My mother would constantly tell her that she needed to stand up for herself. At first, I sided with my mother as she would always tell me that my sister was extremely lazy and a compulsive liar. I too experienced a lot of bullying during elementary school, to which I usually tried to hide from her. Because of this, I became depressed a lot because nobody liked me, and I was seen as a weird child (Keep in mind that a lot of these incidents have played tremendously on my current state and personality). Whenever I tried talking about my emotional wellbeing to my parents, they'd always shoot me down about it saying I was making it up. I remember one time I wanted to talk to my family about a lot of the shit they were saying or doing that made me feel like hell. Eventually my mother made it all about me, and how I was an ungrateful little brat who would never stop whining. Obviously, that had a tremendous impact on me, and whenever I'd start crying (which at this point was often) she'd tell me to get a hold of myself. I'm sorry, I just feel really self-conscious about talking about this, I feel like I'm being a rebellious teenager who's talking badly of their parents over the internet, and it tears me apart because I'm not sure what's what. Anyways, because of the fact that I had basically no friends, I consoled in our family dog for comfort. He was an old pitbull named Kenichi that we had since I was 3, and around the beginning of 6th grade, we had to put him down due to heart failure if I remember correctly. I was devastated, and around this time my father was in this program similar to a half-way house for charges of possessing child pornography, which I still don't really know if he did or didn't. Sorry to leave it off on a bombshell, but I'll continue this tomorrow, I have to go. I'll check notifications later tonight if possible. Thanks for reading guys, I really appreciate it.
So this is going to be a long one, I apologize in advance and I’ll attempt to keep out information not pertinent to the story.First a little background, I am male 22 yrs old with a gf that is 21 years old. Been dating for almost 2 years and I can say with absolute certainty I want to marry this girl. She’s the type of girl that comes around once in a lifetime and makes me stupid levels of happy. One thing that came up early in our relationship was the fact that she was abused by her dad. According to her he was a real piece of work and the abuse was mostly verbal with some physical and sexual as well. She said he’d touch her inappropriately and this continued sporadically until he cheated on her mom (gf was the one that found out), got a divorce and split taking her college fund with him. Apparently he still tries to contact her every once and a while but she’s got him pretty locked out. Now this doesn’t change the way I feel about her, if anything it makes me more protective than ever. And I realize that there is nothing I can do to ‘make it all ok’ so I’ve been focusing on being there and being emotional support when she needs it. Here’s where I need the help: This happened years ago, she’s desperate to put it all behind her and act like it is no longer an issue. I’m no psychologist but it’s pretty clear to me that she’s got major emotional trauma that isn’t healed. Most days she has next to no self-esteem, constantly apologizes for any little thing, is constantly asking me if I am mad or upset with her, and is hyper worried that I plan to leave her. (The only plan I have is to put a ring on her finger, something I’ve already told her). When she’s having a bad day she is very depressed and withdrawn, assumes no one wants her around, and is quick to get upset at me and others. So I’ve broached the topic of counseling and/or therapy but she says she cannot go because the doctors are obligated to report abuse and she never told her mom. She says that her mother would never forgive herself for ‘letting’ her daughter get abused and basically made me swear up and down to secrecy. The way I see it, if the mom knew then my gf could get help and that piece of shit could finally get what is coming to him. The only problem is that by telling her mom there is a 99.9% chance I will lose her. Trust is the one thing she puts the highest premium on and she’s even told me that if I ever betrayed her trust she would lose it and never trust again since I’m the first person she’s opened up to and told her full story to. I don’t know what to do, she is almost done with college and is super stressed with paying for school, getting into her physician’s assistant program and with her job as a resident advisor (we are both Ra’s). I feel like this would be an unwelcome intrusion that would derail her plans for the future but it breaks my heart to see her keeping all of this to herself. It’s also not easy for me since there are times I go from being trusted source of support to emotional punching bag. Let me know your thoughts.   
Hey /r/abuse.I'm an 18 year old female in GTA Ontario, I've been living with my mother's abuse since she and my father divorced (about 6 years)He was worse by leaps and bounds (daily beatings, killed my pets, ect.), but my mother's turn has seriously fucked me up. We were close as could be, which led to an emotionally incestuous relationship, in which I had to become her 'spouse' and raise her child for her. In the past few months, I've recognized the extent to which she's been controlling me, my emotions, dominating my intimate relationships and steering me away from mental health aid, as well as using less severe forms of abuse (physical hurt and verbal abuse), and I'm dying to leave home.I've called her out on lying, on gaslighting me, and I get gasligted in return; I know I'm being gaslighted is because I have had to keep a written record of verbal/text exchanges between her and I for a few years.I'm beyond depressed and consider killing myself an increasing amount but I can't get help (I can't afford my own doctor visits/prescription as i can't get a job with my student hours, I have to raise her teen-aged son for her and am not really allowed to leave home and when I do I have panic attacks as I'm not used to doing anything on my own), I am constantly told I'm a liar and a faker and my mental illness and problems aren't as big as others (especially hers), because I don't talk about it on a daily basis. I had gone to her for help with cutting at age 13 and was met with a beating, having all of my possessions removed from the home, and being banned from going to school. Example: I had gotten a small prescription for Ativan (.5, during exams) after a great deal of fighting my mother to see a doctor so I could maybe manage my anxiety over exams. I took a few pills out and set them aside because I knew she would take them away, which she did and she was very cruel about me having been missing 5/60. I had to fight to have my own prescription medication.I'm not allowed to not be her best friend (therapist, councillor, deal with her relationship and tax and bill issues) ; if I don't tell her everything that is going on in my life, I'm accused of different things (prostitution, being a drug addict). When I do tell her things, she instills severe anxiety in me (usually that the new friend I made will try to forcibly have sex with me, is actually plotting my downfall) and uses that to keep me from straying from her. She makes sure to destroy my trusting relations with good people.My grandparents are urging me to leave home because of my situation, as are friends who have witnessed just how tumultuous my home life has become.I have school until April when I have my exams, and then I will try to leave, as I can not handle being her literal and metaphorical punching bag, and my stepdad not understanding how difficult it is for me, as mother likes to hide it.I'm so beyond scared to leave home/her reactions; I'm scared to even post this, that she will see it. I've mentioned leaving and have been met with more fear mongering (landlord will rape you, you'll have to sell yourself to get by, you will not make it without me) and I really don't know how to go about doing anything.I'm sorry this is all over the place, I didn't have a goal for what I was writing; I just had to get it out there and get some more help or support beyond "haha just leave lol :))" I guess.So ah, yeah. Sorry for the huge ramble.(Edits: formatting)
I don't want to make this too long. So I'll give some info on the background: He's muslim, I'm Jewish. different backgrounds. - He has disrespected my religion and has been anti semitic in the past when we dated (i was young and naive and forgave him months later) - he cheated on me multiple times throughout high school, and would accuse me of cheating when I never did. - would yell/embarass me in public sometimes. - would grab me forcefully during fights. -once pushed me on the floor and didn't apologize, said i deserved it for laughing at something harmless. -when we would fight , he would literally beat himself up (punch,scratch,bite,slap himself) in front of me (even when i would be driving) and say "IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT??" or literally take my hand and MAKE me slap/punch his face with it saying "HERE HIT ME HIT ME." - on two occasions, he did..rape me? both times i told him i did not want to have sex MULTIPLE TIMES AND MADE IT CLEAR, but he did it anyways. after he did that, i slapped him in retaliation and he made himself the victim for me slapping him after i was sexually assaulted and i honestly thought i was in the wrong. -he was extremely anti female with things he said and misogynistic, believed heavily in gender roles (slut shaming, believed men should do whatever they want sexually but women can't, etc) - i once threw a blanket on the bed where he was laying down, and he literally grabbed me by my arms, dug his nails into my skin and slapped me for that. i started crying, he said nothing. just sat there. i told him a few minutes later to leave my room and to stay away from me or i would hit him/fight if he came any closer to me. he attempted to put his arms around me and i punched him multiple times. he then told everyone i treated him as his "punching bag" and i had abused him. made 0 mention about what he did. -he then went MIA for a month, when his anti semitic racist parents called my family threatening to kill us, harm us, they insulted us, called us horrible names, were extremely racist. he never called to apologize or anything. he then got in contact with me and proceeded to say how i was in the wrong, how i was a bitch, how everyone was right about me being "shit", how his parents had good reason to say what they said, how i had lost a really good partner, was extremely mean and hostile etc.- once i got drugged by people who i thought were my friends, had a panic attack, was screaming in public because i was so scared and no one would help me. it traumatized me. i called him hoping he would help. but what did he do? scream at me. yell. say he was going to leave me & taunted me. he insulted me all while i was drugged up, which made me go into major panic mode because i had blacked out earlier and was disoriented. he did not once reassure me, help me, or comfort me. he did call my mom to tell her and i ended up being saved by a family friend, but after my ex had traumatized me. he said i was at fault because he told me not to go, but i went anyways. i once again thought i was the one who was wrong. even when i was at the ER, he was STILL insulting me. all i remember from that day was blacking out, screaming, crying, and sobbing over the phone in a taxi because of what my ex had said to me while i was drugged up.You might think the answer should be so obvious, but he was my first everything. we have a lot of good memories together (disneyland, trips to the city, etc.) and its hard to let go of. he would buy me roses and cute gifts, he would surprise me and would show me lots of affection and "love". we lived together during college, had so many good fun memories during college. my family loved him and told me what a great guy he was and how lucky i was to have him. i guess he did put up a fake persona in front of people. so i was confused when he did mean things to me because i loved him deeply and was attached as hell. so i'm still a bit confused. I just feel confused on why I still miss him & why i can't fully accept he was abusive. Any insight is helpful, thank you for your time. 
I'm not sure if this is the right subreddit, but maybe you guys can help give me some advice. I live in an area where couples seem to argue a lot outside of my place.About half an hour ago I witnessed a woman who told a man to get away from her. She obviously wanted to be alone and he did not relent. From far away, I couldn't tell if he hit her, but he would not let go of her and had his arm around her throat at one point. She was yelling for him to go away and ended up in the middle of the street on an "island" (where plants and trees are), with him still holding on to her.I'm not sure if it was okay to call the police, but I did. I always get alarmed when I see people get physical.Was it okay to call? Was I overreacting? I hardly call the police and the woman was crying. I'm not sure if the police ever found them because they did move across the street afterwards and I forgot to mention their race with an update call, only that they had backpacks and were possibly in their 30s-40s.What would be a viable cause to call the police when it comes to couple disputes in general? I don't want to take advantage of the system or abuse the local police hotline (I've only ever called three times as of now - one when a man was choking a woman and today with the other couple with a reporting and update call).

So I had an encounter the other day, told a friend about the way my parents treated me. (I was often beaten and choked, also denied psychiatric treatment, which is the worst of offenses.) The reply was "So why didn't you ever fight back?"What the fuck do you say to that? How do you handle that shit?(Aside from resisting the urge to deck the person.) 
This incident happened when I was 18 an I'm still experiencing a great deal of guilt and shame about it. I need outsider perspective as I know there are people out there who would say it wasn't abuse and that it was my fault.When I was 6 I was abused by an older cousin and this left me with a host of mental health issues including depression, anorexia and anxiety. By 18 I was incredibly unwell and prone to mood swings, irrational thoughts and low confidence. I was also very isolated and felt as if I was separated from the rest of the world by a pane of glass. Around this time I befriended a photographer (I'm a model). He misinterpreted a ';)' I used after a joke (I can't remember what I said as it was a long time ago but I do remember it wasn't mean in a flirty way) and started turning the conversation in a sexual direction. I didn't find him at all attractive but I was so lonely and unwell that I jumped at the chance of any affection/attention. However, I did feel doing anything like that with a photographer was unprofessional but he kept insisting we were 'friends'. He was really manipulative. I told him a lot about my personal problems, which he used for his own gain by telling me that 'rough sex with him would make the abuse not matter anymore.' He didn't care I was mentally ill, asking 'are you bipolar?' when my moods changed frequently during our conversations. He also lied about being in a monogamous relationhip with his girlfriend, saying they were open, but he would insult her by saying her depression was a drag. I should have known just from this stuff that he was a horrible person but I had so little disrespect for myself that I kept talking to him and letting him groom me into sex by telling me how good it would make me feel.It didn't. We had sex twice, both on photo shoots. The first time was in his kitchen– he pushed me on my knees, slapped me and tried to make me perform fellatio... I enjoy rough sex but I didn't fancy him and the only reason I had agreed was because I felt so empty and miserable. I knelt there feeling the worst I had ever felt in my life... He saw it in my eyes (he mentioned it in a message later but said 'your acting was good') but carried on having sex with me anyway. It made me feel gross but I felt like I deserved it, I guess. the second time was in a forest– after that he messaged me saying we 'shouldn't do this anymore as it wasn't as good as the first time.' After that I didn't speak to him anymore. The whole thing had left me feeling degraded and used. I didn't feel as if I was mentally stable enough to give real consent and the fact he knew I was in that place and actively abused that was wrong. I tried to move on, met my boyfriend, started to get mentally better. One day I had the courage to post on a modelling forum about my experience (without mentioning the photographer's name). A few models inboxed me asking who it was so that they could avoid him. Unfortunately one of them was not a very nice person– after a disagreement with friends of mine on Facebook (which I wasn't involved in) she decided to tell the photographer what I'd said to her. He then made a public status about me calling me a liar and encouraging his friends to publicly insult me and my appearance, calling me a 'sewer rat'. His girlfriend sent me abusive messages saying I was a sick liar who had sent messages and images from her partner's computer (???) to make it look like it had happened. She even asked me to take a lie detector, which I refused as I didn't want to go near either of them! Eventually I was forced to post the correspondences online to prove that what had happened was true (deleted after my point was made as it made me sick to even have to do it), and after that people believed me. I blocked the photographer and his girlfriend and tried to get on with life. The photographer had boasted to me about having sex with models before so I was glad that perhaps I had stopped him from doing this to anyone else. But I had bad dreams about the situation and even now feel panicky if I see someone with a beard and a bald head in case it is him coming to get me. He use to boast about being a wrestler and how easily he could choke me or beat me up. Thinking back I realise what a horrible, scary person he was and can't believe I was ever in the place where I would let him have sex with me. I often blame myself for what happened and question if it even was abuse at all. I don't think about it as often as I used to but I often go through periods of self loathing when I remember it all.TLDR: Photographer manipulated me into sex when I was mentally ill and then humiliated me online.
I made a post in a certain subreddit and one of the moderators made a comment. She wrote that this post was reported and that I need to add the sign of [trigger warning] to my post. She explained that it was nothing wrong to share my story, but it was a bit too descriptive. What I posted was my story of being sexually abused. From the content of her comment, my guess about what happened is like this. My post might have triggered someone who read it and she/he might have reported to the moderators.I felt utterly embarrassed when I found her comment. I felt as if I was brought in front of the teacher's platform and the teacher announced to all the students that I did something wrong. I felt my wrongness was exposed/displayed to public. It would have been much more appropriate and considerate if the moderator had put the sign of [trigger warning] instead of requesting the poster in the form of comment. The first ground of this claim is that the moderators of other subreddits add the sigh of [trigger warning] to the posts when it is necessary and they don't request the posters to do so. The second ground is that the poster might not come back to Reddit for a month or so and it's much more efficient that moderators add the sign.  And needless to say, publicly announcing that this poster was reported by community users does not contribute to the community's intimacy at all.&nbsp;**Q1: Have any of you ever seen other moderators do the same?****Q2: Was I abused by this moderator?**
I need help with my anger issues. I have never hit nor thought of hurting my girlfriend physically, but my behavior towards her is unacceptable. I have yelled at her, called her hurtful names, belittled her friends, broke up with her on numerous occasions only to get back together. I am what you would call an emotional abuser. I have looked into what might define my behavior and the most logical is a passive aggressive person disorder. Please if anybody can help I am all ears. I hate the way I make my girlfriend feel and I do not want to live like this. It is frustrating and I feel like a monster. My girlfriend wants to stay together and I want to change. Just need to figure out how.
He's dead , we have a son, I'm pissed
I just learned tonight that my 4 year old daughter has been getting sexually abused by a 12 year old at her daycare.  The 12 year old is the grandson of the woman who runs the daycare.I'm not sure what to do.  If it had been an adult I'd be on the phone with the police the second she told me.  I'm really looking for any resources that anyone here can point me to.
So, my mother constantly throughout my life has taken her anger issues out on me and my brothers. Always calling us stupid, ridiculous, worthless, cussing us out in anyway possible. At times she will ask us why the fuck we even bother, an indirect eay of saying "why even keep on living?" I understand most will read that and go "Hey you, shut up, quit being a little bitch and man up." But really it's not what you say, it's how you say it. She's taken objects of mine, and in a rage broken them over petty small things in life. Now I should've taken care of my shit, but that doesn't warrant her flying off the handle, swearing at me, and breaking my things. I don't do that, my friends have never done that, and none of my friends parents have ever come close to being as off the handle as she's been ( really builds the friendship up when you go through that with your bud ). She doesn't just do this to me, she's beratted my youngest brother to the point where you wonder if he acts the way he does because that's how he is, or if it's because if he does anything he'll be called a fucking idiot, screw up, dumbass, lazy piece of shit, retard. It's so bad he I can see it, beneat all the "dumb, stupid" shit he does that pisses me off. He genuinely hurt underneath it all, and I can't help but feel powerlesd to help him. The kid is genuinely smart in certain aspects of his life, and my mom beats him down.As for my father, as mention above ( if I havent said anything I am now, sorry ) my dad has hit me in the past. In middle school I was doing poorly, and I remember distinctly him lifting my by my neck, choking me, and yelling in my face. Other times he would punch me, really really hard, now mind you I'm a skinny, lightweight person. He's a guy who's maybe 200+ pounds with some fucking muscle. This dhit hurt okay, I understand the term "knock some sense into them", but this goes beyond that. My father got into a fight with a guy from work, literally wrapped his arm around the guys neck and choked him out because he was talking shit about him at work. Saying he would beat my dad's ass. Now, a lot of you will probably say "Well your dad taught him a lesson." Well he taught me one, my dad has extreme physical violence issues. I've been threatened by people in the past to be beaten up, you know what's happened years down the line? They found me on facebook, and publicly apologized for their past behavior. Yes, they realized the error of their actions and actually apologized to me. Years later. It's amazing, really. We can't have "civil" discussions like he says, because the only thing he wants to hear is what he wants to hear. He constantly says you can talk to me, about anything, but how can I do so when he threatens to beat the shit out of me?Example. My family is having car problems, my parents ask me to drive them to work, so that way I can take the car home and take my brothers to school. I said yes without hesitation so I could help my family. They work at 2 in the morning. So I take them to work, come home at 6, and right away turn around and take my hrothers to school. My dad gets the early out, so after getting home from my dropping off my brothers I get an hour to two hours of rest before my dad sends me a text saying "come get me". So I drag myself up and drive and and pickup my dad and get home, just as my mom gets off work. Now she calls my dad, and he says he'll get her. He then tells me to drive him down to get my mom, I say ok. We're going alobg the highway when traffic gets backed up, turns out there's an accident blocking traffic that I am stuck behind. Cars are zipping by me, and my dads telling me to get over, ehich is hard to do because cars keep going by, and theres very little time between each pass. He says again "Get over (my name)", and I still can't. Now my dad is pissed because of this.He's yelling at me while I'm driving to pick up my mom. Then when we get to the employee pickup, my mom walks past us not knowing it's us, during this time my dad's is cussing me out telling me to get her stupid ass. I get out and slam the door, I'm stressed, I've been dragging myself all over the city today, and he's cussing me out over shit out of my control, shit he should be doing himself. So when I get back to the car I get in the back seat. Immediately he turns and starts basically hitting me in the head, saying if I ever slam the door again he'll fucking knock the shit out of me. My mom gets in the car and she's find out whats going on and we drive home in silence.I spent the night at my grandmother's house, and eventually he came and "apologized". I currently just got a new job, I'm looking into becoming a real estate agent, and saving money. The minute I have the means to afford a small apartment or cardboard box, I am gone. I will never talk to my parents again, the only family I have are my friends who have been through it all with me, and have seen my parents issues first hand.
When I was in high school I wanted to get into horse back riding. My mom found me a trainer and she seemed okay. It was kind of ironic this trainer was related to my friend by marriage. However, my friend would say how much she hated her and I had no idea why because she seemed nice enough. The worst part about this was that my mom and I were ignorant about horse riding and it's community so we had no idea what was normal and what was not. For years I just thought I had a 'tough trainer'. One big red flag that I ignored was that when I started, she told me if I ever felt unsafe doing a jump or whatever she would let me stop. In reality she never let me stop and I actually went to the hospital once because of it. (thought I had a concussion but ended up being fine) When I felt unsafe she would push and push me and tell me how I won't win contests if I kept being scared to do everything and continue this till I started to cry, then she would make me feel bad for crying. She would also change her mind often as a way to yell at me. For example, she once told me to tie the horse to the other side of the stall so she wouldn't eat after a hard work out. (horses need to cool down after a hard work out before eating or their stomach can 'flip' and this can be fatal.) One day at a show I tied her to the stall like usual, and then she started yelling at me in front of everyone about how if the horse got scared about something she could hurt herself being tied like that.My mom and I never really thought anything was wrong until I joined my highschool's equestrian team and the other moms saw how she treated me and asked my mom why she let her be so rude to me. We started to pick up on how everything she did was so abusive and annoying after that. One thing that really made us see who she really was, I has a lesson with a student younger than me and less experienced. She put this girl on the less trained horse, who also would spook at everything. I thought maybe I should have been on him because I was more experienced than her but said nothing. I regret that. He spooked, and kicked her off then stepped on her chest as he tried to get away from the thing that scared him. She had a collapsed lung and a other injuries. The doctors said she literally almost died. After that my trainer told me how she was checking up on the girl and texting her. About a week after the accident my mom thought about messaging the girls mom on facebook to see if everything was okay.   She thanked my mom for checking up on her, saying how our trainer didn't even ask them once how she was doing and were thinking about suing her for everything, but I never heard of it ending up in court. Not only that, but we found out the trainer didn't even tell her husband that one of her students got hurt. Sure he wasn't involved but it's still really strange why she wouldn't tell him something like that.The trainer rented out a house next to the barn and one day the lady who lived there met my mom at the store and told us all about how my trainer would call me an idiot and such behind my back and how she didn't tell us she was selling one of her horses, who I liked a lot, out of fear we'd buy her because 'us owning a horse would be a joke.' She also said how the trainer was abusive to her dog, simply because she didn't like dogs. She didn't tell us this earlier because we only ever saw this woman was when my trainer was around. That did it for me, I don't humor with people who act like they like me but really hate me. We stopped our lessons and basically never went back. I work at a grocery store and sometimes I see her come in, but I try to avoid her as much as I can. 

I've already posted about my longest most detrimental abusive relationship on here, but it's not my only one. Before that I had a verbally abusive boyfriend who went between really loving highs, and really vicious lows. He kept me around for about two  months with constant implications of suicide if I left him.I escaped that one pretty fast. I also tend to draw weirdos at bust stops and stuff like that, but I'm curious if anyone else has had a pattern of attracting abusive personalities? Do you guys think there's a certain vibe or trait that they look for in victims?
My boyfriend and I have been going through a rough patch recently due to a couple of reasons. It's his aggression and my own insecurities/jealousy so we agreed that we would be friends and give each other space. He has grabbed my throat in the past. He lifted me up by my neck and I couldn't breathe for a few seconds. After that he said he'd never do it again. But a while later he grabbed my neck and pushed me back so I hit the wall. And after that he "accidentally" pushed me with the door so I flung into the wall and scraped my arm. But last night he was a totally different person. He's usually perfect, he's sweet, honest and loving. He tells me how much he wants to protect me... and last night he was threatening to kill me and himself. He started getting mad because I wasn't really listening to him. I told him I was losing feelings for him and becoming distant, and I told him why I felt that way but he kept insisting on asking the same questions over and over. And I had already explained to him. I didn't really feel like talking anymore... but he didn't like that so he grabbed my bowl from me and smashed it onto the ground. I got up and then he insisted that I look him in the eyes or he'd snap again. It was really hard for me to look at him because I was crying and started getting scared. He looked like a different person, his eyes looked like he wanted to kill or something... and then he said that we're both going to die. I started to hyperventilate, pretty sure I was having an anxiety attack. I didn't know what to do so I went into the kitchen and saw the pepper spray  behind me. I just backed up towards it because I didn't know what to expect. And I kept telling him to move because I wanted to get my phone. That's when I started getting angry and trying to push him back to let me through. I was just really scared and didn't know how to react. I kept asking him what he was going to do to me... And all he kept saying was he's going to snap. I really shouldn't have pushed him but I was kind of freaking out and didn't want to be trapped. That's when he grabbed my throat and pushed me hard back so I fell into the chair and slammed my head into the wall. I then grabbed the pepper spray and tried to spray him with it but I missed... I ended up running outside and hid in the car. He came out so I started running down the road because I really didn't trust him anymore. He just followed me with his car and I ended up just going back home and locking myself in the bedroom. He unscrewed the door knob and came in. He didn't touch me again but continued to talk to me and bash me because I was talking to this guy online about how I was scared. He kept saying I was only scared because of what this guy was saying. The guy just told me to call the cops but I didn't really want to... He was saying how he wanted to protect me and keep me safe. But he just hurt me... :[ so I don't know why he would be saying he wanted to protect me. I told his mom about it and he has talked to his Nana. He told me he's going to rehab but I just want him to leave. My throat is kind of sore when I swallow now and I still feel terrified. I don't want him to get mad again and I'm really hurt and confused. I don't have anywhere else to go and am working on getting my license still. I don't think he'll hurt me right now but I can't trust him anymore. He's really strong and I only weigh like 105 pounds. He could easily cause so much damage and I just want him to leave. But I also don't have anyway of getting to work tomorrow so he said he'd pick me up and drop me off... I can take a cab if I need to. I don't think he'd hurt me in the car but I'm just worried about staying in the house with him. He wants to get better but I don't see it working anymore at all. I wish I had friends to go to but he's the only person I have... so I'm  going to take the written test as soon as I finish studying for it and hopefully I pass because I don't want to be near him anymore. :(
I thought I wouldn't write about this anymore but as my life is still affected by what I lived through the past two years I think it's pretty important. Co-Dependency caused by someone who has substance abuse issues creates a lasting impact on the victim of the emotional abuse. It is just that, emotional terrorism onto the person that the abuser claims to love. For two years I tried to fix his problems. I was hooked. I fell for someone who played the victim, manipulated me, and when all else failed, lashed out and broke me. It is a cycle that results from psychological problems that then turn to substance abuse that result in emotional abuse on their partners. They will do anything to perpetuate this cycle of abuse because it serves their purpose. It is imperative to remove yourself from this situation. It took me almost three years to remove myself from my own personal hell. Why so long? It is almost impossible to let go of someone who cries to you about their life and problems and creates a web of lies in which they are the victim. It is impossible when someone manipulates you into thinking that you're the reason they have substance abuse issues. It is impossible to leave someone who makes you completely dependent on them and breaks your self esteem and self worth to the point where you don't believe in yourself. I don't think that there is enough out there to really reinforce how incredibly dangerous co dependent relationships are. It took a really long time for me to truly understand what direction my life was heading in. No matter how nice the temporary highs were of smiles and laughter and the pretty things I got as apologies... the lows made up a majority of the time and boy were they low. The countless nights of substance abuse which resulted in terror for me. The horrible screams and curses he threw at me like weapons that left lasting wounds. The nightmares that wake me up in the middle of the night of what my life used to be like. No matter how much you love someone, the cost should never be you. Your life matters. Your sanity matters. I wish I let go when I first saw the signs but it was already too late. It's difficult to let someone go when you develop empathy for them. I think it'll always be there to haunt me. The question of is he okay. He's not. Though had I stayed I wouldn't be either. Some people can't be helped. I tried everything from therapy to begging him to go to AA or a rehab. Therapy didn't work and the others he just refused. When someone chooses a destructive lifestyle over their family and love they will never be better. You have to admit you need help and seek it to change your life. The sad truth is even those that seek the help end up relapsing. The only thing you can do is help yourself. Staying in a co-dependent relationship that leaves you the victim of emotional abuse is not going to help your partner. They will break every bit of you on their path to self destruction. You can't help someone who doesn't want help. Breaking yourself in the process of attempting and failing to help someone else is suicide. You shouldn't sacrifice yourself for someone else. You were not born to be a martyr for a pointless cause. You deserve to have a chance at a happy life. If you are in a co-dependent relationship, seek help. It will be the best thing you can do for yourself. To perpetuate a cycle of abuse is to give up on yourself. 
I need advice on how to help someone deal with a hard situation, first some backstory:I have been dating this girl for about three months, I'm seventeen and she's fifteen. Things have been going great, she didn't have the best childhood but she never told me about anything exceptionally traumatic until a few days ago. She has an older brother, and when she was young he used to sexually abuse her. She had gotten over it and he hadn't done it for years, but he was visiting from college recently, got drunk, then tried to assault her again. The next day neither of them acknowledged it. I know her family well, they are devoutly religious and unfortunately, I doubt they would believe her if she told them. She sees a therapist and I urged her to tell him about it but she doesn't believe it will help in any way. This is out of my realm of experience and I don't know how to help her from here, so anyone with a similar experience, how did you get over it and what do you recommend she do?

I need help immediately and have no idea where to go.to give some backstory: i am a 16 year old boy, currently in 11th grade and going to take my SATs soon. as such my grades are extremely important and i need to do well on my SATsmy parents are INDIAN and very very obsessed with my grades. i am in all AP/honors classes and i get decent grades (a/bs). i think its important to note that they are indian because where they are from beating children is a normal and ok thing to dofor over 10 years, my parents physically beat me for hours on end when i do something they dont like. recently, when i study less than they want me to they do things like slapping my face, hitting my body, kicking, etc. they also come into my room and block the door so i cant escape. this happens every 2 weeks or sousually they leave me crying after abusing me like this, and after they cool down they act all sorry and happy. it used to cheer me up when i was younger, but now i know its just an act and in a week or two they are going to do it again.the thing is, i feel like i am not doing things very wrong. i study for 4-5 hours PER DAY, and while i love to play video games i only play it after my schoolwork is done for the next day.i am posting this after a very brutal incident of this. i did some sat practice in the morning and then i decided to play some video games since i have the day off tomorrow. this is not enough for them and they repeatedly yelled at me before beating me again. luckily i managed to escape to my room and i am typing this from there.a lot of my parents anger stems from the fact that i like to play video games. they say that it is the cause of all problems and if i didnt play then i would be a perfect student. they dont understand that my tension comes from a fear of them..............other sources tell me to call the police, but i dont want to do that. what will the police do?? will they take me away from my family?? even though i hate my parents i still depend on themPLS help i dont know where else to go..........................
This past year I hooked my roommate of three years up with a coworker/friend of mine. Neither of them had been in a relationship before this and it's their last year of college. My roommate is nothing short of a brother to me, and I originally thought the two would make a perfect match, until recently. I've noticed that she has him completely whipped and is excessively controlling. She has slapped him a couple times in front of me for menial things, and has even begun to get physically aggressive with me when I do something she doesn't like. This maybe a minute concern, but I am scared it could turn into something more in the long run.I'm struggling now trying to decide what to do: if I should talk to him/her, keep quite, ect... because I completely blame myself for being the matchmaker in the first place. I believe they're still in the "honeymoon" phase of their relationship, but I really just don't want this relationship to mess up my roommates life in the long run. Any advice or feedback would be greatly appreciated!
this may be very long so I'm very appreciative of anyone who replies to this i need some advice so hello i am 21 and since i was younger social services have been in and out of our house i still live with my mother now and i'm very suicidal and i can move out but at the same time i dont see the point because i will probably kill myself soon and i dont want to be alive anyway but thats not really why im posting i have two younger siblings (8,11) and i need some advice on what to dobecause the social worker was in and out when we were younger(me and my older two siblings) we were always told to lie to stop us being taken away and our mum did feed us/cloth us get us what we wanted usually she was always irratic in that she would threaten to kill herself/walk on train tracks/bring random men around all the time she has said her dad raped her and her brother raped her and that my dad raped her when she was drunk in front of her boyfriends which sort of seemed like a *Showing off* kind of thing to her boyfriend just by the tone of it.Recently social services had been involved because and incident had happened where my brother punched my mum and broke her nose because my mum had brought a man home and was really drunk and my sister who doesnt have the same biological dad as me my mum kept screaming at her(shes 8) to hug the man that hes her dad and then she violent beat her up in her room and my brother saw red and screamed at my mum and my mum followed him around the house when he was going away from her and then ended up she got her nose broke by himwhen the social workers had got involved i lied about what happened that night like oh i was asleep i dont know because id always been made scared of social services/police when i was younger because my mum had always made me feel like i was the one who was going to get in trouble with them even though i know she is the one who has done and continues to do stuff like this(**my mum had told the police social services that my brother had just punched her in a simple argument but it was over my mum beating my sister/being drunk/having a random man over and screaming at my sister to hug him and call him dad)anyway even more recently my sister(8 year old sister) said to my dad when she was visiting him that mum had brought her down to a hotel in the city with her boyfriend and her boyfriend had put his hand up mums dressing gown and mum was making noises and that she was scared to be in the room and didnt want to be there and to me that is sexual abuse and this man my mum is seeing has stolen from us, slashed tires/brakes/oil tank/tv wires around our house and he has kicked my mum to the floor that she now has a bald patch because the impact has given her alopecia but she still continues to sneak around to see himlast night i feel the final straw i was in my room and she had came home (she sneaks aroudn to see him at the weekend) and i heard him from the windom in the car and i said to my mum why was he here and she was like oh just putting oil in for me(but he had slashed the oil tank so the oil runs out already a few weeks ago which is just laughable) and i said in anger that my counsellor has told me there is a social services case being built up on her(which is true) i have told my counsellor about this stuff but not about what happened in the hotel room i feel that is very serious and is sexual abuse and im afraid to tell about it but this has been happening since i was my 8 year old sisters age and in hindsight i wish someone had done it for me and told on her but then i was always made to lie that nothing happened when something was done to me(my mum had given my black eyes when i was around that age and wouldnt let me go to school until it healed etc.. etc..) and i really just need advice im very depressed and apart of me just feels too lazy to bother but i feel its injustice that shes been doing this for years and im not even sure if it is a punishable crime and im always made to feel that it's because of me and that im going to get in trouble i appreciate anyone who can give me some advice thank you for reading and your time 
My mother is a very smart, but impulsive and abusive person. When I was young, she would hit me for every little mistake I made, yell at me, and did not accept “No” or “I can’t”/”I don’t want to” as an answer. Even though it was difficult, I became an educated, ambitious and hardworking person. I am now 24, I have a good job, I pay my own bills and lead a decent life. My parents are in another city, but I talk to them often (2 or 3 times per week), even visit them once every couple of months. However, my mother still argues with me (well, it’s mostly one-sided conversation, her yelling at me) for things that do not please her – my boyfriends, the way I dye my hair, but mostly the fact that I did not finish University because I started working and didn’t have time for it. I know she is never proud of me, and will never be satisfied with what I do; the problem is that, after all these years, when I see her calling me, I feel like chocking and I get scared / anxious immediately. Every time I talk to her, I’m literally shaking and I end up doing what she wants me to do because of fear. I realized a long time ago that it is not love I feel for her, but pure fear. I need help overcoming this fear, as I am now an adult and I do not have any reasons for feeling this way. I do not depend on her for anything, and there is nothing I want from her. How do I stop feeling  this way?
First of all, context. I'm 21 years old and have been living with my parents ever since I lost my last job due to depression. I'm finally over my depression, and have been looking around to see what jobs are available in my area. My parents and I have been on somewhat rough terms recently, with them being very emotionally abusive. It's nearly escalated to physical abuse several times, but they stop when I threaten to call the police.    My parents and I were talking about what jobs I've applied to, and what my schedule is going to be like in the near future. I said something along the lines of "I'm fucking tired of xyz" (I can't remember, but it wasn't directed at them). That turned out to be a mistake, because my parents get extremely offended by cursing in any way. My dad jumped out of his chair and pulled me off mine by my jacket, breaking the zipper. He slapped me across the face, knocking my glasses across the room before he pinned me against the wall. At this point, my mom joined in and grabbed my hair as she kicked my leg. My dad punched me in the arm, then threw me to the ground.      During the entire fight, I was yelling for them to stop and trying to push them away. After I got back up, they talked to me about how "Their actions were justified because I swore". They went on for about a half hour before I told them I needed time to think. When they left, they made sure to tell me how much they love me.    I'll be going over details with a lawyer tomorrow, and am seriously considering calling the police. Past that, however, I'm completely lost. I'm broke, I don't have a job, I don't have a car, and I can't stay here any longer; I'm worried that they're more likely to attack me now that they've done it once. Does anyone have any suggestions on what I can do? Thanks in advance for any help you guys can provide. 
I was in a questionable FWB relationship with one of my coworkers, who was soon promoted to my manager. I was well aware that he had a fiance and a child and I know that kinda makes me the bad guy. A homewrecker if you will, but I work hard to convince myself it wasn't my fault. Everything that happened happened as a result of his careful orchestration. My abuser started persuing me before I even worked with him (probably had a hand in getting me hired tbh). I was 15 and he was 22, when he first started trying to hook up with me. For a short while he had me convinced he was single, but it turned out he had a girlfriend (only one year older than me me, and orphaned. Talk about an opportunist.) I found out and called him out on it, and he left me alone for about half a year, but still worked on wooing me, and it worked. I loved the attention. Enough to ignore how weird it was that he always wanted details on my sex life, who I was dating. How it was going, how far we went, and so on. By the time I turned 18 I had enough. He had a new fiancee and a child, and I should have told him to fuck off and got myself a new job, but after 3 years of him pestering me, I let him pop my cherry on the floor of my work. It was kinda fun and exciting, but then he got pushy. He wanted that every day after work, and became mean if I didn't want it. This problem only got worse when he got promoted, and I found myself giving him blowjobs on lunch breaks to keep from being reamed about the quality of my work in front of my coworkers. I finally did end up breaking it off and moving to a new state. I deleted him from my music and photo library. No more songs I downloaded to impress him. No more nudes I wish I hadn't sent. He visited my state and tried to hit me up and I got out of it. I wish I told him to fuck off and take a hint. I moved to another state to get away from my past, but instead strategically made myself unavailable as if I didn't want to start a fight. And while my friends tell me it was abuse, and that it was not my fault, I don't really know that is true. I want to believe it, but I should have known what I was getting into, and I'm just kind of ashamed I let it happen at all. I guess I wanted to see what you guys thought, and maybe get some validation that it was abuse, and not just me being stupid and weak.
I have been dating a separated man for almost a year. He is AMAZING! Smart, nerdy (I love that), gentle, handsome, kind. Unfortunately he was emotionally abused by his wife for 12 years. After making a mess of his life, he finally entered therapy and was able to leave her. I met him after only 2 months of separation. Even though we are perfectly suited for each other, I feel he is still very affected by the abuse. Is there anything I can do to support him? 
To start my girlfriend and I are friends with a girl who is being abused.This girl is the sweetest most proper woman I have met. For some reason she started dating this guy named Roger.Roger is a trash person. He used to post snapchats of his girlfriends passed out drunk while he plays with their bodies (i.e. fingering, undressing, etc.). Despite all the evidence that he was an awful person, our friend Gina decided it would be a good idea to date him. My girlfriend whom is closer to her tried telling her time and time again he was not right for her, but to no avail.Gina soon saw Roger for who he was and broke up with him. Roger would not leave her alone. He would text her, call her, and go to her home. Gina pretended to date a guy to give him a hint that it is over but instead he showed up to her apartment and took her to the middle of the desert outside El Paso, Texas. It was then he told her "You want to run around? Well now you can run home." Gina had no clue where she was and she was scared. He made amends with him to get home. Once she was home she had no choice but to reply to his text messages because she was scared about what he'd do. Roger then consistently harrassed her and threatened if she dated another guy he'd hurt them both. Recently he got angry for no reason and posted half naked pictures of Gina on Facebook.Still despite all this history Gina is convinced he is still just in love with her. He is just having trouble letting go. Threatening her life and embarrassing her are not displays of affection. My girlfriend and I are beginning to fear he is going to hurt Gina and he is only escalating. Problem is Gina doesn't see it as abuse so she reassures my girlfriend and I that she has it under control, but she doesn't. He is a drug dealer as well but he will dispose of the drugs if we call the cops and because he is so egotistical getting beat up isn't enough to stop him either. He is too persistant. Can anyone help or suggest something?

Disgusting. The word that circles in my head from the hundreds of times he's used it to describe me. To describe my actions. To describe my choices. To describe everything about me to make me feel as small as possible.Disgusting: The word that broke me for two years. Apparently disgusting was when I left him when he needed me the most. After I endured his emotional abuse while he was binge drinking, coming home smelling like he bathed in scotch, the smell that now creates panic in me. He called me disgusting while whipping thousand dollar stacks at me to show me he was better than me. Disgusting when I left him after he screamed at me in the Trump tower lobby while he was wasted after already ruining my birthday in front of all of my friends and continued to tear me down. He called me disgusting was when I had enough after he threatened me and called me everything from low class to a bitch to a cunt. Words I would have never expected from someone who claimed he loved me more than anything in the world. After two years of enduring the emotional abuse of someone who tore me down every chance he felt bad or fucked up I realize that the only thing that was disgusting in me was my naivety. I believed every lie this actually disgusting person told me. I believed him when he promised every week that he would stop drinking after coming home and calling me names and blaming every problem we had on me, after scaring the dogs, and most of all leaving my on the floor crying and scared that this was all my life was ever going to be. Disgusting was my hope for a change in someone who could never love me because he was so wrapped up in his own demons and self doubt that to him I was just a punching bag. I was someone who he could take his aggression and insecurities on. I, the woman that gave up everything for him, was the one that was getting all of his wrath. The strong one who had to be there when he constantly fucked up and the one to pick up the pieces when he cried pretending he was sorry. Disgusting was him. His empty eyes that tried so hard to show the emotions he was lacking. His empty promises that after two or three days he couldn't remember. And every time I remembered that I was not the one who gambled away all of our money he would call me disgusting for putting him down. The money that should have gone to bills, to his two children, to take care of us, to feed us. I was not the one who decided that because I lost almost all of our money playing blackjack that it was a wise choice to go get piss drunk on eleven glasses of Johnny Walker Blue which left us with no money for food. But I was disgusting because it's not like I worked for that money. I was not the one that made no one want to be around us because I was drinking and belittling everyone around me to make myself appear better. Though what he saw was me being the problem. That word makes me cringe. It brings back every night that I had to hear him throw that word at me like a knife. Stabbed in the back by the person you thought would keep you safe. And at every mention of that word I suddenly am thrust back into those nights where he's screaming that word at me, disgusting. I'm crying and he's calling me disgusting. I'm begging him to go to sleep and leave me alone. I walk outside and realize I have no where to go. Disgusting. Leaving myself dependent on a man who is bent on destroying my self worth, my self love, my self respect. Disgusting is someone who would tear someone else down for his own personal motives. To keep me dependent so he could use me. When he had no one else to keep me there. Disgusting. People throw that word around as if it doesn't mean anything. Unfortunately we don't always understand what triggers someones emotions or worse yet, someones nightmares. Disgusting. The word that wakes me, sweaty and terrified. His screams and snarls. The way he would yield that word like the deadliest weapon. The weapon that wounded me that i'm still trying to recover. 
So....I moved across the country about six months ago to get away from what felt, to me, like too many ghosts in my past...including a streak of bad relationships which I've come to realize were emotionally abusive. I felt that the only way to really get past all of it was to put as much geographic distance between them and myself, as I could...and that it would be good for me to get a fresh start.It's been a hard adjustment at times, but ultimately I feel like the move was really good for me and did what I wanted it to do. I enjoy it out here (I'm in the Bay Area now, from New York City) and I've been doing more with my life...getting out and making friends, enjoying my job, playing more gigs (I'm a musician). As time went by, the scars from my past started to fade. I started to finally feel like I was shaking off whatever seemed to attract toxic, asshole guys to me like flies to honey...it finally felt like I was healing and putting out better energy.But there was this one guy Mike...who for whatever reason, had it in for me and would alternately bully me and tell me I "couldn't play for shit" and then apologize and say that he liked me and wanted me to succeed but that I "couldn't take criticism.". It was annoying at first and then it just started to make things shitty for me because nobody seemed to take him seriously as a threat. This guy, also a musician, just didn't fucking get it...and kept turning up wherever I was playing, sometimes even on the same gigs as me. He would even talk shit like this in front of other musicians who I was trying to network with, which was humiliating and awkward.So Thursday night, Mike was sitting in with the band I was playing with and up to his usual bullshit. I'd told the bandleader I wasn't comfortable with him, especially because the bandleader said that Mike was usually drunk at most of his gigs. I gritted my teeth through the first half of the set and then when we took a break, I went outside. Mike was there and started in on his usual stupid old man rants about what a shitty bass player I am. (I am not) I cut him off and said I was sick of his shit and that I certainly haven't heard that sort of criticism from others, so it must be his problem with me. I told him to leave me alone. Then I decided I would just ignore him, and I went back inside. We finished the set and I packed up. Then I went to the counter to get a glass of water and Mike stepped in my way and started trying to talk to me. Note that he's about a foot taller than me and probably at least 60 pounds heavier, so it was hard to avoid him in a small space like the cafe. I told him to shut up and tried to leave. He started screaming at me and calling me a bitch and a lesbian (I am neither) and saying I "come off too hard" and "need to chill." I just started shaking my head and he leaned into my space and wouldn't leave me alone...then started pushing at me and continued calling me names and threatening that he would "fuck me up." So I punched him...and then he hit me back. In the face. I'm a woman. He hit me in the face. It did not leave a mark but it's the principle of the thing. I was just really shocked. As much as I've been involved with some asshole guys, I've never been hit.Then all hell broke loose...I went outside and Mike followed me...the drummer saw what was going down and started fighting with Mike, who then injured the drummer, the guitarist, and the girl who works at the cafe. Mike flipped out and started throwing chairs and we called the cops, who put him in cuffs and took him away. They asked if the drummer and I want to press charges and we both said yes.Then I lost it and started panicking and crying really hard because it just dredged up so much for me...all the shit he said to me is the same sort of shit I've heard from guys for 20 years...and I'm just tired of it...when will it end? It reminded me of the way that my ex used to talk to me. It reminded me of being bullied in middle school and high school for having short hair and dressing like a tomboy...because that's just what makes me feel most like myself. And I like myself...I don't want to change a thing. It's taken me this long to be comfortable with who I am...and I continue to be astounded and disgusted at the rest of the world for continuing to try and make it hard for me.I know it's not my fault but apart from the exhausting physical symptoms of being so anxious, having an upset stomach, having trouble walking (it feels like someone is holding my legs), forgetting things and spacing out, and having a headache....now I have to deal with all these guys telling me oh, I should take self-defense! That'll help! Oh, why didn't you just get away? Why didn't you fight back? Then all these people telling me, after a mere two days, to "get over it." And even a guy telling me I have "bad taste in men." Which made me furious, embarrassed, and sad. This whole thing really set me back, as far as my own personal healing. And I just don't feel like myself ever since. I slept all day yesterday and today when I finally went outside, I felt all jumpy and like I couldn't breathe that well. I'm also like....embarrassed? that this guy hit me and I'm a woman. I can't seem to get it through my head that this simply means he hates women. Instead I keep seeing it like, he doesn't think I'm enough of a woman, to respect that rule. Most of the bullying I've encountered in my life has been based around my androgynous, kinda punk appearance...attacks on my sexuality (I'm straight but apparently I'm still a stupid dyke somehow), attacks on my gender. It is a very sensitive subject to me. I feel broken. Please help.
I recently came across some abuse stories on youtube and I feel like I have the same problems and the same reaction to my parents as they do, but it's really hard for me to pinpoint where I was abused. My parents love me and have all the best intentions, unlike most victims who seem to have psycho parents who are obviously abusive. Basically I just want to find some way to feel validated about my anxiety around them. How do I know if I've just always been anxious and depressed for some other reason (genetic maybe?) or if my parents were part of the problem?There was ever any physical abuse or neglect of basic needs or anything like that that I can remember. I vaguely remember threats of spanking but I don't think it happened. They didn't isolate me, if anything they made me socialize and do more activities than I wanted. They kept trying all through grades 1-6 to get me to do sports. I felt like the things that I wanted and enjoyed were not good enough. They always demonized video games and pushed for more exercise (which led me to loving the elusive video games and hate exercise/sports) and I learned very quickly to hide what I enjoyed and sort of apathetically put up with whatever it was they deemed good for me. That really doesn't seem like enough to me. I feel like it is my fault that I developed the bad habit of shutting myself off instead of dealing with my problems. Everyone's parents tell them to socialize and exercise and be successful. By the time high school came around I didn't give a flying shit where I ended up and I ended up in the same high school as my dad and the same college as my grandpa which happens to be 15 minutes from our house. I never considered what I wanted to do with my life and I still don't know. I haven't had a dream for my future since I realized I didn't desire the standard american dream my parents planted in my head. I went to school for Computer Science since it paid well I and I spend time on computers, but I buckled under stress and anxiety in my last semester and dropped out. I don't know if I'm missing something. I feel a lot of fear and anxiety whenever they are around and sometimes feel physical pain in my head and chest when they talk to me and I can't explain it. I don't know if it's just me trying to shut out people who want to help, or if they are the problem. To paraphrase my cousin, "just because they are a little pushy doesn't mean they are bad people". All of the sources I look for online paint abusers as sociopaths and stuff but it doesn't seem to fit my parents. I would love to hear other people's stories or get some links to reading material or videos that could help me figure this out.
Three hundred pounds ,six feet and living in fear. How can a man that big be scared? All it takes is an abusive Mother. My mom  landed in the hospital a couple months back because she finally decided to come clean. Alcoholism didn't just ruin her life, it ruined mine. At this moment, I feel like I am nothing. My mom recently started drinking again. It first started when she promised me after her detox that New Years would be her last drink. Just as before these promises were just lies. She recently started picking fights with my father to have a reason to drink. Tonight has been a flashback to the nights when she was deeply controlled my alcoholism. The verbal abuse is something I can't take anymore. I don't want to live at home anymore.The thing is it's not that simple. My parents own their own business, if they split my mom wants to get back to Poland. I don't want to lose her, but i don't want to lose myself. My depression is slowly eating me alive. I don't know if i can take this anymore. I wish i could make my mom understand that not everything is me and my dads fault. I woke up from this nightmare but it's starting to become my reality again. I need help but I'm afraid to look for because of honor.
Growing up I've been abused but I think I know what turned me into an official abuser. When I was 14 I was in a relationship with an older guy and we dated for 2 years. At first I didn't know I was being abused then I realised something was really fucking wrong. He would severely emotionally abuse me. So controlling, manipulative, jealous and crazy. I left him at the age of 16. Then I met a guy when I was 17. I loved him like crazy (although you guys might argue that it wasn't love but just craziness.) But guess what, I abused the fuck out of him. I couldn't control my emotions. I was emotionally abusive towards him. I left him today because I couldn't take the guilt I was having anymore. I left him for mine and his sake so we could actually move on. Problem is I really want to die. I can't get over what I did to him. I think about it all day and all night, I wake up anxious and sweating. I don't know what to do anymore. Like where do I go from here? I'm never happy, I can barely pass school. I'm a wreck. I'm empty all the time. I think killing myself is the only answer tbh. But I don't want to hurt my family... I don't know how to overcome anything.Sorry this was all over the place.


I got a hysterical phone call from her  saying her father beat her badly and she needed somewhere safe to stay.she wanted to come and stay the night at my house the stranger who took her into his home to escape her father who was on the warpath.he suggested she go to the police this was a big mistake as soon as we arrived at the police station nobody seemed to care we tried to get her released into our care so we could take her back home.we i mean me and my father i am only 18 and new to adulthood so im new to all this.her father arrived and forbade her to come home with us she is 15 so she had no choice.i fought with police for hours they said she either goes home or she spends the night in the cells for her protection i live in south africa if she had of spent a night in that police station or at a shelter she would have been raped that is the truth of this country.i could not handle this it was overwhelming i started shouting at the father who then threatend me in the middle of the police station nobody did a thing.i stood there and watched as she was forced to leave with her abuser.when she got home she barricaded herself in her room and then her dad busted down her door and beat even more severely for going to the police. i do not know what to do i am begging for help she is my best friend and i feel powerless to help her i do not know what to do who to turn to.if the law cannot be trusted who can who can i trust who can i turn to.i am scared because she is not just my friend she is my best friend we tell eachother everything and i love her with all my heart i cannot let this to continue to happen to her.
I'm understandably having a hard time finding this, but I don't want to leave. Is there help for me still?
I need help.I think my girlfriend is emotionally abusive, but I can't tell.There's so much shit at play, it's too long to post. I want to tell the whole story, so I can get an honest, unbiased opinion. But there's just so much history...We've been dating for four years. We started dating our senior year in high school, and we just moved in together in June.In the time we've been together,I've stopped hanging out with friends because she would get jealous.Used whatever money I had saved up to visit her while she was at college. (Graduates this May)Started drinking when I was 19 (always said I didn't want to until I was 21, but because she did I did. It was the only way for me not to get super stressed when she would go drinking with her friends.)Whenever I would hang out with my friends, she would text constantly, getting upset rapidly if I took too long to reply.She wouldn't return my texts when **SHE** was out with friends.I would have to ask permission to hang out with other girls, that I'd known for years before the relationship, because if I just went to hang out with them, she would get jealous and stressed and think I was cheating on her.She's gone through my phone, despite me telling her it makes me uncomfortable, and makes me feel like she doesn't trust me. When I tell her that, she takes it as proof I'm hiding something. When I try to talk to her about it, she breaks down crying and says it's because of her ex-boyfriend. Her ex, also her first boyfriend, cheated on her, lied to her, and manipulated her for years before she broke free. Never once in four years have I cheated on her or lied to her (barring the occasional lie to hide a surprise), and she still went through my phone, as recently as December. Texts, facebook messages, e-mails, phone log, pictures, the works.I began questioning my sexuality last February. I have quite a few queer friends, so I talked to them about what I was going through, so I could figure things out before talking to her about it. She found a forum open on my laptop one day, and confronted me about it. She got super upset, not because I'm bi, but because I didn't go to her with it immediately, and talked to other people first. She uses this sometimes as a reason not to trust me.I have to convince her of my love. I have to tell her, multiple times in a conversation, that I still love her the same, that I'm not bored or frustrated with her, and that I still want to be with her. I ask her sometimes why she's questioning my love like that, and she just gets upset and cries until I comfort her and convince her of my love.I stopped going to the gym, or going anywhere really, because she says she gets lonely and depressed when she's by herself. I can't make plans unless she has plans and will be busy. And when her plans are done, I need to be home quick, otherwise she misses me too much.She has changed the way I dress, by saying the clothes that I used to wear make her feel underdressed when we go out.I don't play video games anymore because she feels like she can't talk to me when I do.If she wants to cuddle, I have to drop everything to do so.My taste in music is a bit different than hers. She doesn't like what I listen to, so I'll be allowed to play one album, or a few songs, and then it's her music for the rest of the night. There is a little overlap, but not enough.I work third shift, 0000-0800, and sleep from 0830-13/1600 while she's in class. If we don't spend the whole evening together, she gets very sad and lonely, and almost has a breakdown.I've explained to her that I sometimes need time to myself (I'm a very introverted person) and she always takes this as me not wanting to spend time with her. She then cries, I comfort her and apologize, and nothing changes.The only time I get to myself is a weekend here or there if she works. I get one or two days off of work a week. On my days off, I don't want to do any work. I don't want to do dishes, or clean, or anything. I will, because I understand that is ridiculous, but sometimes I don't do all of everything she asked me to while she was at work. The countertops will go uncleaned for a day. When she gets back from work, she gets extremely upset. She will either spend an hour or two yelling at me, and being upset verbally, or won't talk to me all night. Then she says I should have just done it, because I know how it upsets her when she gets back from work and the house isn't clean. She tells me that she doesn't want to be the annoying, naggy girlfriend, and that I'm making her be that. I'm making her yell at me.I'm not happy in the relationship right now. I don't know if I'm looking into this stuff too much, seeing things that aren't there, or if it's all true. I don't know what to do. This is a throwaway from my throwaway, because I don't know when she's going to go through my phone next. She has a reddit account, so I can't post from my normal one, and I can't risk her finding my other one and seeing this. We've talked about the above things before, and she always promises change. But nothing ever does. Or it does for a week or two, but then it all goes back.I'm at work writing this, because she doesn't like it when I go on the internet at home. She says it's because her dad used to lock himself away and go on the computer all the time, ignoring them. I explained to her that I was sitting on the couch next to her, and that she could talk to me at any point and I would stop what I was doing to talk. She cried and said I didn't want to spend time with her.I can't pull away. I love her so much. She told me multiple times yesterday that I'm all she has, that she doesn't know what she would do without me. I pay for our rent almost completely by myself. I couldn't leave her if I wanted to. I love her. She loves me.She loves me. This can't be abuse, right? We love each other, and we've talked about marriage and kids. This isn't abuse. I'm over reacting. She's justified in her actions, because of her past. And I should just clean the apartment. I don't do anything else on my days off, I should just clean it.It's not emotional abuse. Because that doesn't happen to men.It doesn't happen to people who are in love.It's not abuse.Sorry for the long, rambling post. I don't know what I expect to happen by posting this. I just had to tell someone. I don't have anyone else to talk to.
I know its not me... But sometimes I really feel like it.I had 3 of my mom's boyfriends abuse me.... Starting when I was like 7. And I mean yeah one crappy guy is bad... But how come it has happened 3 times? With 3 different guys???Is this common? Is it my mindset or something? I really dont want to get into it on here what all happened, but like advice or something would be sooooo appreciated.
A couple years ago, I moved in with my uncle and my grandmother to help take care of her. I am currently 26. A year and a half ago, my grandmother died, leaving me here with my uncle.I have no other family. I stayed here because I wanted to get a career in Ohio (We are in WV currently) and I thought we were going to move up there, but financial setbacks have delayed that.Over the last year and a half, my uncle has become more and more physically abusive towards me. I am expected to do his laundry, cook his meals, and keep his house clean, but if I make any mistakes, he goes into a rage. It was originally just yelling, but it has progressed into physical violence. I currently have three bruises and a ruptured eardrum.The problem is, I have nowhere else to go. If I just leave, call the cops, or fight back, I'm on my own and homeless, and I have no idea what to do from there. My employment prospects are limited, as I have not been to college. I was in the National Guard for a couple years, but got out when my time was up because the NG put a bar to reenlistment on me to prevent me from re-enlisting, like they did to many others here since the war was over and they were trying to cut manpower. If I could re-enlist I would.I can't leave, but I don't want to stay. Help me, Reddit, what am I supposed to do here? I can't stand being bullied any longer but the other option is homelessness. I feel so helpless.
The International Humanitarian and Independent Institution “Hope For Children”  
He's under 18 but left home and has nowhere to go (bad family environment). She's threatening to kick him out in the immediate future, which would leave him homeless, but has also said if he leaves her she'll beat him up and kick him out. He says he's still in love with her. I don't know exactly where he's living, aside from being in Adelaide, South Australia (Salisbury area). The Facebook photos have been deleted, but if I'm remembering right there's a kid in this environment too (not his).He's come to me for help but I don't know what to do, and he has even less of an idea than I do. Are there any resources around here that can help, given he's a guy and a minor?
I've been with my girlfriend for 4 years and her mothers always been abusive towards her. As of late its taken a turn for the worst. It has gone from just a simple annoyance to becoming a real threat to her health and mental health. As I am still living at home I was able to get the full support of my parents for her to come live with me. We were prepared for her to move in and had already brought all of her important belongings and her rabbit to my place (I live 3 hours away from her). The plan was set for her to move last Wednesday but on last Sunday she went and talked to her aunt. Her Aunt basically told her that she should just suck it up and stay at home and complete her last course in highschool before moving and this was all it took to talk my girlfriend out of it, just her advice.Now sure her advice would be fine, but she does not understand the severity. My girlfriend has started self-harm, has stopped going to school (Even though her aunt tells her just to say and do it), has been frequently calling in sick to work, is constantly sad, become extremely defensive, and has very bad anxiety (she had anxiety before this had gotten bad but its been worse as of late). All of these things basically disappeared when she stayed at my place for 2 weeks, she started doing homework and her anxiety had gone down, she didn't cut once (but at home its more like once a day). I don't know what to do. Her aunt is telling her just to suck it up and if she moves out it will ruin her life. My parents are not asking for rent or anything and said she can live here as long as she wants. I honestly feel like this situation that she is in is killing her. I just want the best for her and have no clue where to start. All mental health options in her town have been less than helpful (almost worse) to this situation. I currently have depression and ADHD and am being treated so I have a great support network which is also open to her. My school (in her words) is 100x better then the one she is currently enrolled in and she seems so much better even with just been removed from her situation for a week. Any advice will be greatly appreciated.

The scene: I'm a single mum and I lived with my girlfriend and my ex girlfriend in the same house. Everything was fine for 6 months, we loved each other dearly (so I thought)Around the five month mark she stopped her depression medication and became angry at random times, punching herself in the head, being mean to my son, when he was naughty he became terrified of her, she through things in his direction (I don't think she meant to, but in her depression/anger moments she would)She was never provoked, it was just situations like my son being a three year old, the noise, her not having a job, basic stressors that become huge for people with depression.I started considering breaking up with her, for my sons safety, he doesn't need to be around it. I spoke to my uncle and he thought the same thing, that she should get back on her medication and start working on cleaning her life up (mental health, find some work like she used to) or I should end it.I spoke to her about ending it, she became much more worse. I apologised and decided I try to help her through this, that I could help the girl I loved come back from all the darkness.I was on my own medication, it stunted my libido, it seemed to make things worse again, so I stopped medication and see a psyc, exercise all the recommended stuff to get better. I do, and my libido is back (now she's gone though)What went down:I work long days as a Chef and both girls lived in the house, I started coming home finding them acting a bit strange, or under blankets on the couch (which is fine if they didn't seem so odd) but I still didn't say anything. I'm poly, which means I'm fine with multiple partners - but not partners using deception.I wasn't fine with her being with my ex, because that's just uncomfortable. Despite her asking if it was ok, I said no, that it made me uncomfortable, and that the friendship I developed with her could fall apart - that if she wants to find a third we can look together so we can meet and find someone we both are comfortable with.A month later she tells me she is moving out with my ex.I break, I cry, I ask why is she doing this. Her and my ex tell me I'm abusive, that there is nothing going on between them and I'm crazy. They tell me I have bipolar. That I have episodes and I'm a gaslighter.The things I did: Ask why she is leaving, more than once because I was an emotional mess (maybe five times I asked, during my breakdown, they tell me that was gaslighting?)They have lots of friends on tumblr and start a post saying I'm abusive and asking for money to help them get away from me.People donate.I feel like maybe I am an abuser, despite not knowing exactly what  I did.Once they move out they start posting pictures of themselves having sex, doing all that stuff, online.Reason I'm writing here:They convinced me I am an abuser, and many others. I've been a wreck, my shrink tells me I just had normal reactions, and that what they were doing was gaslighting (deception, distorting my understanding of reality) but I still feel like I'm an abuser.I don't know, I just wanted to put it all out for ya'll. Other perspectives help.I spent most of all that time in tears, crying myself to sleep, I've never been physically violent and I never tried to deceive anyone I just let my emotions about them moving out be there.I don't know, sorry if its all a bit to much.
My boyfriend used to scream at me so loudly my ears would ring for hours when he was finally done. He would call me every name in the book. I like to read, so he was particularly fond of telling me I was a fat, lazy, disgusting slug that needed to move my a$$. To get me to move my a$$ he would chase me around the house, threatening to beat me if I stopped moving. He pulled guns on me, degraded me, and kept me constantly terrorized. Then one day, when I was strong enough, I left him. I left him and never spoke to him again.How do you feel? Probably wondering why I would get with a guy like that in the first place, but how about the end when I leave? Good, right? Yes! Leave his crazy a$$ and don’t look back!Except that isn’t exactly what happened. Here is what really happened.My parents used to scream at me so loudly my ears would ring for hours when they were finally done. They would call me every name in the book. I like to read, so they were particularly fond of telling me I was a fat, lazy, disgusting slug that needed to move my a$$. To get me to move my a$$ they would chase me around the house, threatening to beat me if I stopped moving. They pulled guns on me, degraded me, and kept me constantly terrorized. Then one day, when I was strong enough, I left them. I left them and never spoke to them again.That’s right. It wasn’t a boyfriend. The abuse was from my own parents. I never chose to be with them. I was born to them, and for a long time couldn’t get away. I was completely dependent on them, I was a child. But, finally, when I got big and strong enough, I left. I will never speak to them again.How do you feel? Like everyone makes mistakes? Like I should forgive them? Like maybe they’ve changed? Like maybe they had a difficult childhood of their own? And if it was a boyfriend…would you be thinking these same things? Like maybe I should look him up, get closure, make some space for him in my life, sure he made some mistakes but he was probably trying his best even though he pulled guns on me? Because people at some point have said all of those things to me, that my parents were trying their best and that I should find a way to reconcile.Abuse is abuse. The fact that it was a parent committing the abuse makes it more heinous, not suddenly excusable. So why then do so many people try to minimize, justify, or excuse child abuse in a way that they don't with stranger on stranger violence or partner abuse?
When I was under the age of 10, I don't really remember anything odd about my mother. I didn't know how other parents were and I was too young to know, so I never questioned her behaviours. She was never mean to me when we were a family - she took out all of her irrational anger and fear on my father and her parents/siblings. She was a little eccentric maybe, and I remember she used to get me to dust the house for fingerprints for fun (I loved playing detective) - she loved to investigate whether or not there were other people in our house that she didn't know about.I remember fights where I would lean against my bedroom door and cry because the screaming wouldn't stop for hours. It was just me, her, and my dad, so I would cling to my dog all alone in my room, not understanding why there was so much anger and hate emanating from the living room. No one really talked to me about it.I remember when they told me they were getting a divorce. I know now my dad couldn't handle it any more, but even at 9 years old I understood that they didn't get along and that it was for the best. My mom was convinced he cheated on her because he was 7 minutes late coming home from work (the reality - a traffic jam) and was paranoid about people in our house, cameras, hidden microphones, and many other unrealistic happenings.I moved in alone with her when I was 10. The next 5 years I went to bed every night praying I would never wake up again. I had no one to share my experience with, and I was afraid to speak up to anyone about it. When I did, they didn't understand the magnitude of the situation, or sent me right back home telling me it would be "ok".I had no friends in my grade at school because I was 1- 2 years younger than most (skipped a grade). She wouldn't let me see my dad very often, and when I did see him, she would drop me off at the mall and I wasn't to tell him where we lived or where she worked. She even cut us off from her own family, I saw them very rarely. I was a pretty damn lonely kid.That's what people saw on the outside. I remember she got this look in her eyes - it was like her soul vacated her body. The expression she had was of pure disdain for me and her body was fuelled by rage. She never hit me, no, but I constantly lived in fear that she would. I remember her contorted face as she screamed at me and swung her fists centimetres away from my face. I blocked out a lot of the circumstance behind these outbursts of hers, but I know it was always over something silly - leaving toothpaste in the sink, forgetting to pick up the dog poo, collaborating with people to secretly screw up her life. I remember running to the phone to call someone for help - a family member, friend, the police... She would unplug the line and hide it so I couldn't contact anyone. I would sit there sobbing and she would walk by me callously, leaving me to fend for myself and wonder why God would do this to me.Most of her anger was centred around her delusions. I'm not sure to this day what she had (has) but she had experience working with medicine and thought "big pharma" were out to control her mind. As such she refused treatment and immediately excommunicated anyone who suggested she might be mentally unstable.Anything that went wrong in her life immediately got blamed on me, because I was the one she saw most of the time. She thought people outside the house were communicating with me to mess with her. She accused me of making copies of the house and car keys, repeating conversations we had to others so they could state an exact sentence she said in order to make her paranoid, collaborating with my father so he could come and do things while she was at work (he didn't even know where we lived until I was 12 or 13!!!), oh the list goes on. There were months where I wasn't allowed to speak in the house and I had to write everything down on a mini whiteboard. I was made to help her search the house for wires or bugs. When I had friends over (the few I had) they would "make messes on purpose because their parents told them to" and "say things to mock her because their parents told them so". She always managed to act like an angel in front of most of them. No one in my family knew about this, not even my dad. They knew she cut us off but they didn't realize she was emotionally tormenting me and mentally abusing me. I hated her and whenever we were in public I treated her with no respect. I constantly got in trouble for this from my father, family, and my friends. Oh god did I ever want to die. I'm 99% sure my dog was the only thing keeping me alive because I knew she would give him away or mistreat him if I wasn't around anymore.We would sometimes let my dog out on the front lawn to go to the bathroom quickly, and a few times she locked the door and made me stand in the window, sobbing, as he ran away. Sometimes our family wouldn't hear from her and come make a house call (as family does), and she would make us hide and shut off the lights / electronics. I listened to the knocking and the doorbells and the cars driving away... It was especially bad on a day we were fighting (actually we fought every day, I should say it was bad when we were in the middle of a fight) - I was made to listen to my salvation give up and drive away.On the few good days she would have, I would question why she was so cruel and unloving to me, and she would act like nothing happened. I was ungrateful. I was over exaggerating. Other parents yelled at their kids. Honestly, I'm writing this now and I'm questioning these events in the back of my mind because no one acknowledged her behaviour, no one believed me when I told them she was mean, and she denied it every time. I called it my personal living hell. Complete and utter loneliness coupled with invalidation. No nurturing. No love. God, when I moved in with my dad at 15 I was so happy to get away - I was at that age where I could choose the parent I want to live with. Oh the guilt trips, "I moved with him for the money" etc etc. Did I mention we went to church every Sunday? Yes... She would preach to me and make me feel guilty about every thing I did, even though I was a good kid and was scared of most of the people in my grade. She wished I wasn't born because I was an awful child. I was a slut for wearing a tank top. I would be sinning if I went to a Metallica concert. I finally made some more friends after this all happened, when I was living with my dad. I graduated at 16 and started living a normal teenage life (minus the high school). Some of my previous friends and church friends didnt like this and constantly judged me. Told me I was awful for smoking pot for the first time. I was awful for drinking.My dad worked shift work and had a girlfriend in the States so he wasn't around a lot either - I was a 16 year old with 18 year old new friends, working at a crappy store with minimal life supervision. Is it really surprising that I developed a giant binge drinking problem after all of this?God... Here I am 10 years later and I'm still a bloody mess. I'm sick of it. I constantly get angry thinking about the lack of compassion or empathy anyone had for me. I'm constantly angry about being pushed to talk and have a relationship with my mother (STILL). I'm constantly angry at the fact my family has no time to listen to me (or won't acknowledge/validate my feelings on what happened when I lived with her). I'm constantly questioning every last decision because everything I did growing up was awful and wrong. I'm angry at myself for not pushing past this for that poor 10 year old girl cowering in the corner of her dark bedroom, hoping the barricade she made on her door will work....I'm angry at the world, myself, and my life. I have no interest in my hobbies, I have insomnia, I have crazy mood swings, I'm lazy, I'm a bad friend who pushes people away. I'm a horrible fiancé and I am an awful attention seeker on Facebook and in life. I can't even put on clothes or get into the shower unless I absolutely have to leave the house to do something.I've tried counselling. I've tried medication. I'm at my wits end right now and to top it off I got laid off from my job so I have all the time in the world to think about my stupid life. I catch myself thinking I want to die. I am 27 years old. This has been dictating my life for 17 years. i know I should be happy because I have great friends and fiancé and some great family, and two awesome fur babies... But I can't. I just can't. I'm so angry and sad all of the time.Honestly I don't know why I came on here to write this. Am I looking for help? I'm not really sure. I guess I just needed to get this out of my system and have people listen to me. Or have someone to relate to. Ugh. Thanks for reading my long story / rant. I really don't know what I want out of this.
I've never posted to reddit before but feel the need to vent, ok let's see basically my mom took a pill called klonopine and it messed her up pretty bad and gave her brain damage. She took the medicine and is experiencing withdrawl symptoms for about 3 years. The reason I'm venting is because of how it's affected her and how I'm treated. Basically this is me. I'm a nice gamer guy who doesn't  really have many friends and keeps to himself, my mom has gone crazy and insults me on a day to day basis for no reason at all. Today I asked if I could use the shower in her room and I get called a retard, cocksucker, mongaloid, and any other twisted insult you can think of. So I fight back and call my mom names as well. I'm ocd and get Social security for it so basically my whole life is in my room surrounded by games, Final Fantasy plushies, and Nintendo stuff that I love. My mom threatens to call the police and have me evicted from the house, she tells me I'll be homeless and she'll throw out all my things and even have my cat given away or even Put down :( Basically she's in full control of me. Basically it's like this "can I take a shower?" The shower is in her room. And this is what I get "you mommas boy cocksucker" retard, I'm going to call the police on you. Also a month prior she came in my room and hit me with a plate and smashed it over my head and had to go to jail and blames me for it and hates me for it. Basically all I can do I guess is shut my mouth and nod when called names or threatened. I get SSI for anxiety and OCD and things and can't drive due to it and have like 1 best friend which my mom hates as well go figure. I hope that I don't get put in jail one day because I stood up for myself. I'll admit the words I call her are pretty bad, I call her a cunt and stuff which is awful I know but I just don't like being called a fagget, retard, mommas boy, and threatened to have all my possesions destroyed and cat put down :(
Sorry for my English, it's my second language. Also, writing this on mobileA little background: I (m29) and my wife (f26) of three years got in a very minor argument last Friday and she unleashed her fury on me. Called me a fat loser(I have been losing weight and got compliments), a waste of life( I quit my job two months ago and have been freelancing), she wished I dropped dead. This is not the first time this happened, when she's angry she doesn't even look like herself, and usually calms down after a few hours. She did, we spent the entire day of Sunday making love, she didn't want to stop, and I got uncomfortable because I saw what she was doing.. I saw the manipulation..As I told you, she has done this in the past multiple time and I got angrier and angrier each time. Last time it happened a month ago when she cancelled our holiday plans last minute and yelled at me calling me all sort of things and hitting me.This morning I woke up and I was ready to explode. However, I don't know the language of yelling and berating and hitting. I don't know how to be violent towards the person I love. I left the house with a small bag of clothes and I told her I needed time to think.She said me leaving was the end of our marriage...I sent her this email,  read it and let me know any thoughts or ask any question. I need to hear other stories and opinions.I left today. I left because I was hurt and tired of being hurt so often. I left because I don't deserve that type of verbal and mental abuse. I left because I am a proud person and I owed it to myself. I left because I love myself.It seems to me that you took this the wrong way, but I am no one to change your way of thinking. If you think that today was the last act, then you can close this email and don't need to read the rest. However, if you are interested, keep reading.I want us to go and talk to Your therapist. I want us to discuss these behaviors with her and see if there is any hope to change. This is the only thing  that is giving me hope. If we can find a solution, if there is a pill you can take that will make this stop. I welcome that, I want that, I need that for us to exist.If you are not willing to go down that road, then I do not see the grounds to move forward with this relationship and we should separate.Please let me know

My dentist abused me. I needed to go to the washroom, and told her so, but she didn't let me go. Also, they unnecessarily drilled some teeth and covered them with poor fillings. She even hurt my nerves in my tooth. I had cavity and gingivitis after this dentist. I want to yell at her. I hope such bad dentists should die. I am really frustrated that my oral health now is really bad.
This is just a short summary with everything that comes to my mind.Most of you will probably call me a spoiled child with a silver spoon in my mouth but I feel so alone and need help right now.Me and my Father speak different languages. We live in Canada and the rest of my family all learned how to speak English but him.Because of this barrier its hard for us to understand each other and he would always threaten me or destroy my things if we had a disagreement. When he hits me I cant defend myself because he will start destroying my things so I have to get the blunt hits but sometimes he wont listen.My father would always beat me , destroy my stuff, shout at me, kick me out of the house. My father always bragged that when he was a kid he didnt have what I had today. I'm thankful for that and I work hard I make money online to buy thing for myself even though he always brags that my family is rich and that i do nothing but stay at home. I've worked hard to get A+ and i dont do anything thats un PC(Politically Correct) not that being un pc is wrong but in my parents eyes it is. I do everything to try make him happy and he brags that he can beat me up and that I will never be able to stand up to him. When he beats me i shout and yell at him asking why hes doing such uneducated actions. He brags about how rich he is and he is an egomaniac. He refuses to help me or my mom or my sister. This starts constant fights. This is just a short part of a long essay :/.I just need help right now how can I cope with him.I will provide screenshots of bruises, destroyed items etc if asked.
I am the third oldest child of four in my family, and quite frankly, have never had a good relationship with my oldest brother. For as long as I can remember he has physically, mentally, and verbally abused me and my siblings, in addition to disrespecting and manipulating our parents. The physical abuse in particular has fallen off in recent years, as he has been away to college and his job, but he still lives at home. Tonight, a minor conflict between the two of us, when we were home alone, escalated when he pushed me, and began to assault me. I retaliated and he backed off, but has denied any fault  in the conflict to our mother, and accuses me of initiating the assault, which is blatantly untrue.I'm done letting him get away with doing this to me, and to our family. My question is: What can I do to convince my parents that he is abusive, and that I fear for my personal safety, in addition to the mental well being of my siblings and the stability of our family?
Today I watched a video on youtube from Matt Santoro and realized that i'm abusive.I'm a 24 year old woman and my whole childhood was full of physical and sexual abuse. My mom got divorced and got us out of the situation, but I bottled up all of my anger, sadness, and shame.I was taught that woman CAN hit men, a strong woman is desirable, men are only out to do bad things and need to be controlled because they can't control themselves. I was so deep in love with one ex, but I hit him so hard it left a big deep dark bruise on his arm. We laughed it off at the time, but now looking back at it I can't believe I did that or that I thought it wasn't a big deal. That's just one example, but oh my god I think back to so many and I just can't believe I hurt someone like that or made them feel that way.I don't think there's many women out there who see this as a problem or how to go about fixing it or healing it.I'm so broken.
When my parents pass my room, I cringe. When I remember the sting of hands on my back, I wince and remember how I was shuddering and sobbing as it happened. Whenever my name is called, fear strikes through me. Should it really be this way?It has been this way for a majority of my life. You could say I'm priveleged. I live in a white middle class family in the suburbs and have money and opportunity and this makes me feel as if my complaints are invalid.A lot of the times my parents are frustrated with me because I do things they think are weird.Yesterday I was chastised for having friends on the internet, wearing a beanie in the house (which was ripped off my head and thrown across the room), wearing pajama pants. I was yelled at for many things.Often times I am locked inside their room with them and forced to sit for hours upon hours and have a "council" with them which I think is highly unfair. I am forced to sit and have a "discussion" which is entirely one sided (their side) and if I even try to explain any of my actions or behaviors, they will interject with, "Shut the fuck up" (if they are angry), "That's just an excuse" (if I am explaining actions), or even, "No this isn't how you feel, __ is how you feel." I am forced to sit and listen to them inject bad thoughts about myself into my head.I love my body, I love my friends, I like the way I dress, I like my hobbies, and I think I am decent when it comes to conversation and interaction. But I know I have some problems. I have trichotillomania, social anxiety, separation anxiety, dissassociative and depressive disorder. I figured these out because I am extremely curious as to why daily functions and human interaction is so exhausting for me. None of these are diagnosed, but there is a lot of evidence towards all of them. Where these come into play is when they affect my ability to become motivated to do anything real world. My parents never ask me how I feel and instead interject how they think I feel upon me. For example, when I come home, I am usually very extremely exhausted and socially drained. From only 5 hours of schooling. I will usually pass out quickly (sleep) if I even sit down for 10 minutes. I usually only sleep for around 30 minutes and then get up and do laundry, my homework on a laptop, clean things, whatever needs to be done. However, my parents if they see me sleeping will label it as me being slovenly and sedentary, a terrible human being, etc. I don't know where I am going with this. I guess I just wanted to vent a small bit.Yesterday when I was hit by my mother, I was told that I had to find a job by this weekend or risk being kicked out. I would be living with my father in that case. I don't know if this is legal or not. She does this thing every time where after she hits me she forces me to use on an ice pack until it goes away, and I refrain from mentioning/using my phone or electronics until she is no longer livid, because if I use them she'll take them away because she "hates it when I go and complain to my friends after some drama happens." I was unable to capture a photograph of any of the hand marks she has left on me when she hits me.I still don't know where I am going with this I guess what I am asking is : **Is this abuse??? Is it a normal situation or are my problems I think I may have making my normal life into something miserable??? Do I have a right to complain about these minor things when I have such an (quote mother) "easy life"? **Yesterday night I kept thinking about how angry I was at her for hitting my back, and I contemplated how I could go into the kitchen and use a knife to make myself bleed out on the floor, and how it would make her feel guilty for what she does to me. 

I was sexually assaulted by my family members in my childhood. When I remember what happened, I get really panicky. I cannot breathe well now. I am writing to calm down. I know I need to get up and go to the washroom and brush my teeth, and really hope to do so. I know what to do and I am in control.And I am deeply feel depressed, because I am loosing my teeth due to dental problems. My front teeth move and they will fall off. I am likely to use a partial denture though I am not elderly. I have visited many dentists, but I have never seen one who gave me appropriate treatments. I am in lack of access to appropriate medical treatments. And also I am running out of my money due to the dental problems. This is really depressing. I often sit still and am struck dumb by my unhappiness and misfortune. Before I was sexually assaulted, I have never imagined that my life would be very full of agony. I am not sure where this painful journey goes. There is no one around me to talk to. 
In October I guess my stepfather was in a bad mood. He's in a bad mood pretty often but I didn't know this time. He told me to drink some water or something and I asked for milk instead. He flipped out. He started with the usual "I put a roof over your head and this is the respect I get" and "these kids are so ungrateful" "they have no respect" yelling at the top of his lungs. This time it was different though. He was livid. He started yelling "if you don't want to follow my rules and you want to be a disrespectful honoree little bitch then you can fucking leave. Pack your bags and get out. What are you still doing sitting there I want you out of my fucking house. " he threw something and that's when my mom started yelling back at him. I quietly ate my dinner while trying not to cry. If me or any of my sisters cry when he's angry he gets even more angry and yells louder to stop crying like a baby. Another time I didn't answer a text fast enough and that led to the same "no respect" thing. My mom tried telling him I just didn't see it and that's when he yelled at her for always defending me. She was outside and I could hear her crying. I haven't heard her cry since my dad died when I was really young. She's strong so the sound of her crying really got to me. It still does and I remember it too clearly. My stepfather came into my room after that and blamed it on me. He said it was my fault and I made her cry. I spent the rest of the night curled into a ball, crying, shaking and staring at the wall. That's what my mom said she saw when she came in to talk to me but I don't remember that. This has been going on ever since she dated him when I was 8. Only it's gotten really bad recently. A few days ago he threatened me again with kicking me out. I can't handle it anymore. I had a breakdown in the middle of class. Luckily it was photography and I was in the dark room so the only person who knew was my teacher who tried desperately to help but at that point I couldn't say anything. I just responded by shaking my head yes or no. I'm thinking about telling her because that's the only adult outside of my family that I fully trust. Only I don't know what she'll do. I'm afraid she'll get CPS involved and the last time they tried to help it only made things worse. My mom said we're going to move without him as soon as she has enough money but by the looks of things it won't happen anytime soon. I'm not sure if I can handle it anymore. I don't want to live here anymore. I'm really scared and I don't know what to do. If I should tell my teacher, beg my mom to let me stay with friends or sneak out and go to the nearby teen's runaway shelter. Please I really need advice. 
Mom,I wanted to explain myself after I left. You may have asked why I called you abusive. I will start with that.You took advantage of David, Grandma and I throughout living with you and after I moved back from jobcorps, you continued.How many times did I hear "Mike" as you called for me to get you ice or make you cool aid.I would sit down and get back up again for your beck and call.How many times did I have to hear you call me selfish and lazy?Yes, I was very lazy. But I was warned about this. I was told that going back to you after job corps would destroy me.My work ethic did change. I was a slump again, wallowing at the pain of living with a mother who could do so much more.You stayed in bed throughout everything, calling me to do your work. Shouting at me when I told you I would do it later.You defined my later as in "Never" I defined it as, let me relax and I'll get to it in an hour or less.After being berated and told that my "later" was never, it became never.I began to follow in the footsteps, you pushed me on.I came home from job corps and I did the dishes right after dinner.I cleaned when you guys asked.But when I wanted time to rest, I asked to do it later. Which you insinuated that it'd be never.So my later became never.Or maybe it was the disturbing poop stains that you left on your chair in the living room that left me wondering how anyone let you be a mother.Those poop stains were later cleaned up by Grandma.You seem to think fecal matter is perfectly safe and not unhealthy.Just like you did when you asked me to make your bed. Do you remember that? Do you remember me being repulsed by your dried diarrhea on your bed sheets.You got mad at me for refusing to make your bed until you put them through the wash. You claimed that I couldn't get any diseases from that nor could I get sick from it.You called me selfish for wanting to eat all the orange chicken. But I should digress as my rebuttal was that I was going to ask grandma if she minded me eating it all.Though you raised your voice and insisted I was still selfish.Yet I wonder if you payed attention to the amount of food you ate at the table when you DID eat with us? Your portions were by far larger than anyone's at the table.Or the manner of which you would put your chewed gum on the table or spoon for us to have to pick up and throw away.I wonder if you understand how I felt, accurately predicting when you'd have a low sugar.I'm surprised it would happen, after all, you are a diabetic and have had it most of your life.Yet disappointingly enough, I could track when you'd call me to get you chocolate milk; your go to fix for low sugars.And when we'd fight, you'd bring up everything you bought me as if you could by loyalty, love and respect.You'd hold every material object you'd given to me as if it was proof that you cared.You claim your actions are of love and forgiveness. But let's be frank here, I remember you wanted to kick me out over an argument.Grandma is the reason I stayed around. And she wasn't the easiest to get along with. But she did what she could.She raised David and me from the start, as you fell into darkness.Now, I won't say I'm not all at fault.I leave my area a mess, I swear to much and I enjoy being in the dark to much.Yet I can tell you that I learned things from you that were surprisingly not my sperm donor of a father.You taught me how to lie and how to keep secrets.Yet you want an open and honest family.You try your hardest to keep yourself away from being caught.But the ashes in the car were obviously yours. The cigarettes in your purse, were obviously there.Now I won't lie, I need to make peace that I followed in those footsteps too.Now I'll tell you the truth to one of my lies, I have nowhere to go.I hope you know that when I had kids, I never planned on bringing them around.If that weren't enough, I decided a long time ago to disown you like I did my father.But I originally wanted it to be when I left you permanently.David believes you are abusive, Grandma has acknowledged it, and I believe you are abusive.You took advantage of Grandma. She wanted to live without you yet you pushed yourself on her.You claimed it was for the best but honestly, she could have gotten much better care from someone else.And so when I claimed abuse, you got mad.You didn't see the wreckage you were leaving.You didn't care. You wanted a slave for a son.Someone who didn't have an opinion, and did exactly what you wanted.Just like how I made your bed once a specific way, I did it that way because I WANTED too.I told you never again would I make your bed this way again.Yet a few weeks later, you begged me to do it again.And when I said no, your voice got raised.I did it because you threw Grandma into the argument."Arguing isn't good for Grandma, it'll make her worse"You used Grandma in arguments to get your own way.Because I was so worried about her, you could twist me around your finger.Grandma never kicked you out.But you sure as hell kicked me out.Not by being told to leave.But by the horrible abuse, I received.To you, everything is your way or the highway. But I am no longer a child. I'm 22 years old. I know what is wrong and what is right.And sure, I'm speaking out online. I remember speaking out a time before this, and one of Grandma's friends read the facebook post. Grandma hated our "personal" business being out there. But let me tell you something. This is a cycle that no one wants to break. It's a cycle that drives me into depression living with you. When I moved to live with Dad, I became exponentially a better person. When I left for Job corps, I grew again.The cycle stops now. The only one who would go to your funeral is Grandma. Your sons won't go, your brothers won't go and no one you once knew would go.Because, as much as we want to hide this abusive cycle, we can't.So, if you love me, hear me out.I am leaving, so I can grow again. So I can move on from everything. I need to leave here so I can actually live.Because I don't want to continue pampering you. I don't want to serve you hand and foot. I don't want to be the one you insult.The worst part is, I actually believe you when you insult me.I believe I'm becoming like you.I need to live.
Just thought this was worth a share. 
I was convinced he was my soulmate. He was the first guy or really the first person to really get me to really see me. He always knew what I was thinking or how I was feeling. Unfortunately this also became the problem because he would use that knowledge to hurt me and then to know what ways to be sweet so I'd forget.He was never physically abusive but emotionally. He cheated on me numerous times and then would confess and beg forgiveness he'd break up with me all the time he didn't respect my family and made mean jokes about them and if I was ever proud of myself for something he would make jabs at it or act like it wasnt an important thing to be good at. He attempted suicide after I finally ended things and I got sucked back in.The thing was he was never mean for too long at a time. Most of the time he was very kind and sweet and he would modtly do awful things behind my back and constantly get caught in lies then comfort me when I was crying over it.I love him so much and I know that I stayed with him so long because part of me loves the pain and wants to give control of my life over to someone else. Life can get to be too much for me and I want someone else to take care of me and let me do nothing. I tend to get bored when in a healthy relationship and then I end up driving my partner away. I can't be in a relationship with this guy because eventually I become a weepy skeleton of who I am and because his self harm shows me that this is a bigger deal than I thought but there's still a part of me that hopes we can have some sort of arrangement in a few years and I know I'm probably full of shit thinking that but will this desire eventually fade? I've never fallen this hard for someone and im almost sure no relationship will ever have this much passion.I wish that healthy relationships had passion.

Should I leave my family? I'm in an abusive household and am 18. I've been offered the chance to leave, but feel like I am betraying my family, even if they are abusive. My boyfriend (also 18) has offered for his family to give me some help, and his family is seriously considering providing the help, even without me asking for any. The help will probably be allowing me to live in an extra room of their house until I grasp a job and am able to pay for rent somewhere. I know his family and I like them, as well as them liking me. I am in college and live on campus (paid for without parental help), so would only possibly be in their aid during college breaks.My family is altogether horrible to be around, but it is my dad who is the willfully abusive one. I suffer verbal and emotion abuse, as well as being unable to go anywhere that he does not "offer" me to go to. The house is far away from everything, and my dad refused to teach me to drive for years, and didn't allow me to be taught how to drive by any my own mother (he doesn't allow her to drive either) or by anyone else. Even if I could drive, I wouldn't be allowed to use any vehicles anyway. When I say "not allowed," I mean it...as in my dad threatens physical harm for any disobedience (he makes it VERY believable), screaming such threats as "I'll beat your fucking head in." When angry, he has the disposition of Jack Nicholson's role in The Shining. It's horrifying when he is angry. He is not only abusive, but a horrible person generally: sexist, racist, xenophobic, and homophobic. If I leave, he WILL disown me.The reason I feel guilty for planning to leave is that I will be leaving my mom behind. She isn't the most perfect person, but she is not a bad person, and nothing close to abusive at all. She is extremely passive however, and far less willing to disagree with my dad than I am. She is horrified to try divorce, and will not do it. She has my older, mentally disabled sister to be a caretaker for. I know for these reasons that she couldn't escape with me even if there were provisions for it. And even though I know I am the only one who can leave now, I have survivor's guilt at thinking of leaving her. She will feel abandoned and perhaps even resent me for running away to leave her all alone in the mess. She would not want to disown me though, I don't think.My question is: Given this information, am I validated in leaving everything behind? Is it a wise decision to leave if I can?**TL;DR** : My dad is horribly abusive and I want to jump at a chance to leave the household. He will disown me if I leave, but my mother will not likely disown me or break contact.
I am only 17 now and throughout my lifetime I have been diagnosed with 8 mental illnesses. I am certain that my abusive stepfather is the root to all my problems. My parents got divorced when I was only 3 years old. They both remarried to other people. I never liked my stepfather. He just was never a sweet person. When I turned 6 years old, my mom and this guy had a baby. They both seemed to like her a lot more... But I still had my dad right? Wrong. He died in a car crash in 2005, when I was 7.After that, everything just went downhill.My stepfather decided to take my dad's place. He always told me to call him dad to get the things I wanted, but I never did.He liked to punish me a lot. There was a teddy bear I couldn't sleep without, so he would literally hide the teddy bear from me, and then I wasn't able to sleep. I was also afraid of the dark, and frequently, he'd throw me in the basement when it was pitch black dark, lock it from the outside and make me wait for 2-3 hours to be released. That was terrifying and it makes me cry just to think about it.I suffered from bulimia when I was 15, because he just loooooved to call me fat when I wasn't even overweight, and commenting on how much I ate. Pathetic, is it not?Now that I'm not a child anymore, he takes my phone and my laptop away from me (which are literally crap and my step-sister has the top-notch best shit ever), he most times cuts my internet connection, forbids me to talk to friends and forbids me to see my boyfriend, for literally the stupidest shit ever. On weekends, if I'm not home by 5pm, I get shit for it. If I oversleep (ON DAYS I CAN OVERSLEEP), I get shit for it. All he ever does is complain about me!Also, he has slapped me, squeezed my arm to the point of bruising, and even tried to strangle me. It's pointless to fight back because everyone around here just stays quiet and takes his side.Every single day is a struggle in this place, I go to sleep at 5AM wishing to not wake up... I like staying up at night because that's when all I can hear is silence, and then I don't even have to look at him, nor interact with anyone else. I don't feel like getting out of my room anymore because it's better than being vulnerable to him.I'm starting to believe that any death is less painful than the hell he puts me through.Tonight I was home alone and I felt hungry (which I hadn't in a while). I found some chocolate in the back of the counter and I ate it. When he got back, he screamed for me and I went to see what it was. He was complaining about the damn chocolate. I lied and said I didn't take it. I was trying to defend myself, I was scared, because I didn't know it was his and I literally took the first thing I found. He kept insisting and I told the truth. Then of course, he punished me for that. I tried to fight him, he went to my room and took my phone, I tried to get it back, but it was useless. I told him in front of my mother that he is the reason to my mental issues. He just played the victim. He said those were hurtful words. He said I attacked him when he got my phone, when I literally, just held it for him not to get it.I was just telling the truth... But this time, the truth was not what he wanted to hear. He's an hypocrite.My situation just keeps getting worse. Now I'm pretty sure I'm depressed. I cry whenever I wake up, I don't feel motivated to do anything. I have dermatillomania, and it's getting worse again, I can't stop hurting myself and it's just really ugly and embarrassing. I keep getting suicidal thoughts, but that's not what I really wanna do. I just want things to be fair. I just don't wanna be here anymore.I don't know what to do anymore, I can't rely on anyone in this house, we all depend on his income (btw, he just pays for the essential shit for me like water, meals and electricity, and complains about it, which he shouldn't because I'm underage and I live here. Not to mention I still get money monthly from my inheritance, and I have no idea what happens to it).

Since the age of 8 whenever I read, any kind of book - you know how when you read your mind automatically creates a visual of the house etc. Well at that age a neighbors sons began sexually abusing me. Parallel to this I would constantly, constantly be reading.When they moved away, every time I read a book, article - anything - the visual would be in my mind, of that house down to the colour of the kitchen lino. I'm 23 now and it has destroyed reading for .e. I have tried until my head aches to remove myself mentally from that house to the point where I lose and have ripped thrown so many books.I have spoken to therapists about it but nobody takes it seriously and sees how much if consumes me. I don't know why this happens or why it is still as fresh in my mind but sometimes it makes me suicidal. I just want to know why this happens and remove imagery of that fucking place, it's like even years after it happened its still contaminating my mind it's ruining so many things for me.Also, certain periods of my life are missing from around that age.. why could this be? I feel like somethings happened but despite them being to .w, I don't remember.

5 months ago I left my abusive ex. We were involved for 8 months and during that time his verbal abuse and anger was slowly escalating. He also began to tell me stories about his past physical abuses toward his ex wives and girlfriends. As soon as I realized what was happening, I left (he was living in my house) and I hired a lawyer and made him vacate. I have not spoken to him since the day before I left. Contact with him has been through my lawyer except once when I responded to one of his texts to tell him that I was afraid of him and to never contact me again.Regardless of my one text message and that the only contact has been through my lawyer, for the first few months he was texting and calling. For the last couple months it's been quiet. But tonight he called and left a message.Let me back up... Right after I left, when he was calling and leaving messages he was crying one time, and he sounded mad a couple other times. 2 months ago in the last voice mail message he sounded mad and told me to "call him when I get over being scared". Needless to say, I did not call him.But tonight he called and left a voice message that was really calm and was dripping with kindness and sweetness. He wished me a merry Christmas and Happy new year and said that he wanted to see me.So now, I'm terrified. I immediately turned on my home security system alarm. I also have video cameras outside my house and will start checking them again. I hate doing this, but will also put my .38 within reach. This man really scares me. In the past he has hit, thrown and choked women. He also owns guns.Sometimes I think it's all in my head, but other times my gut tells me to be vigilant and watch out. That guy is bad news. Really bad news.I know I'm rambling. I thought this situation was over, but just one voice mail message has brought it all back.

My mother is definitely an emotionally abusive person and I would say my father is as well to a degree. My mother has laid her hands on me before, hit my nose to the extent where it hurt and has also ran after me with a knife years ago. My parents started drinking the other night and started to argue(which is normal in my family) they then went to bed and I went to sleep. I was woken up to my mother screaming and her yelling out that my father had apparently hit her. I ran in and I immediately assumed(which was silly) that my father had hit my mother, as she claimed he did yet he said he didn't. My dad had blood running from his mouth and there was blood on the floor as my mum had clearly punched him hard quite a few times. The arguing kept escalating so I called the police and my mother shy'ed away and wouldn't even look at the policemen. I apologised to my dad and said it was a misunderstanding, he accepted the apology but has told me to stop talking about it, forget it and not be rude to my mother about it. However, the next morning, I started to swear at my mother out of anger and she was obviously offended and claimed I had to "apologise" to her. Is this acceptable? 
I am 17, and for the past two years have been planning to move out of my abusive home. I am trying to make this quick and you probably won't understand everything but just believe me please, this is what I need to do. I was going to move out within the next few months to a new town but I wanted to save more money first and sort all my documents etc. My abusive mother found my hidden documents relating to my plans and she knows I want to cut off contact. I need to move out within the next FEW DAYS. I feel like she is already stealing my money and trying to prevent me from leaving HELP ME PLEASE. What do I need to know? What is something I might not remember to do or get? What documents do I need to take with me that I might not think of? Any help is needed. Thankyou 

Over the past 4 years, I've been in a relationship that's rather abusive. At first I didn't know what was going on, then as time went on, I was ashamed to be a man who was being abused by a woman. I've never been physically hit by my girlfriend, but other massive things have happened. A lot of which I have no proof of... I've been taken advantage of mentally and emotionally, and even financially. She usually uses or daughter as her way to get what she wants out of me. This includes money, items, my agreement on things, to get me to not argue with her or to comply with whatever she wants, and more. She also uses things like sex and her spending time with me as ways to get what she wants.I'm just really tired of it all, but I'm afraid of the consequences if I leave. She's put me in the position where I don't know anyone around me, so I'm isolated and cannot find someone I trust to live with (I live in California, my family is in new england) and I cannot financially afford to move out. I'm currently seeing a counselor that my girlfriend has no idea I'm going to. This counselor has been helpful with some aspects, but hasn't really figured out a way for me to move out. With all that said, my concerns are that I cannot afford to live in my own place, and don't have anyone to live with. I'm also very concerned with being able to see my daughter and what she will lie about in court to prevent me from having my daughter and how much child support is likely to make me living here even more impossible...It just feels like I'm never going to get out. I'm tired of being manipulated and used. If alone could help, that would be cool. TL;DR trying to get out of an abusive relationship, but need to secure housing. Don't have the means to do so and we also have a kid.EDIT: there's a lot more to this story, if anyone cares. My girlfriend has her claws in deep. 
I recently got into a new relationship. She's only my second girlfriend ever (19M), I love her verry much. I would do anything for her. But as our relationship and love has started to grow, I've noticed a few things. And she's told me a few things. She told me she was sexually abused by her father when she was younger. 6 - 8 ish?  By my understanding, it only happened one time ,when he was really drunk I guess. I just feel like there's something going on here more, she's always in the mood. Doesn't matter when. Or where she's down.before we started dating. And before she told me about the abuse. She told me she wanted to call me daddy. She never has, but I'm assuming it's something she likes/liked, I just need a stand on this.  I trust her. I have no reason to not trust her. But am I the only one that seems like it's odd that she can 1. Live in the same house as him,2. Work for him3. Still be able to talk to him normally , but state you hate him.4. Want to have sex like 3 to 4 times a day Am I the only one? And I'm not talking like normal sex. Like she wants to be tied up and handcuffed.  She likes choking (lightly) and other kinky shit. And I like it all too. But as soon as I image myself doing that to her I feel like I'm just back in her father's footsteps and kinda makes me feel guilt. Just to think about.. likes her ass smacked really hard too. Plz help :/ I try to talk to her but she never wants to talk about it.
Hi guys,So I have a friend (we used to date but now we're just friends) who has anger issues. 90% of the time he's very quiet and meek, but when he gets angry, he swears like nothing I've ever heard before. Something as simple a a malfunctioning app or some computer issue makes him say stuff like "You fucking cocksucking piece of shit", and there's so much anger in his voice. He clearly doesn't know how to manage his anger appropriately (he's the child of an alcoholic father), but that's his issue. What makes this my issue is how it makes me feel. It upsets me so much, and makes my heart race, and sometimes gives me panic attacks. I have this very visceral physical reaction when he's like this, and even though I've asked him before not to do it around me, he still does. Is exposure to anger, even if it's not directed at me, abuse? If so, what kind? Emotional? Mental? Thanks so much in advance
I've been living in my new place for almost a year. Throughout that time I think I've only heard my neighbors argue 5 times or so. So it's not often. However this last time has me disgusted that someone can treat another human like that. The guy was screaming at the girl. She was saying sorry about something but the guy kept on berating her. Here are some of the things heard the guy yelling.- You're a piece of shit. - You're a loser. - Shut the fuck up. - You're fucking drunk, you're going to regret it tomorrow.- I told you to behave.It went on for about 25 minutes with different combinations of the above. Throughout that time I heard some banging, door slamming and the girl sobbing. I don't think the argument ever turned physical but I'm afraid that it could escalate to becoming physical at some point.It really disgusted me that someone could treat someone else like that, especially when their supposed to be in a relationship. What should I do?(please let me know if this is the wrong sub)
She was in an abusive relationship for 5 years, and last month finally realized she needed out. He obviously didn't take it well and ended up getting arrested due to hitting her and the arresting officer, as well as having heroin hidden in his clothing. She took out a restraining order against him. He just got out of prison, where he was for the that last month or so. She is really afraid he is going to come after her. I don't know what to do but I want to help her. I'm not in a situation where I can take her in and keep her safe. Does anyone have any guidance? I would really appreciate it.
So, my brother and I have a friend (let's call him John) who just moved 12 hours away in with his mom...and her abusive boyfriend.  John tried to call the cops on this guy when he was 13 (he is now 15 or 16) and nothing really happened.  His mom and her boyfriend said he was just being an overreacting teenager and that was pretty much it.  But since he moved back in with them, he has been abused consistently, but always in places where he doesn't bruise.  Tonight, he was held to the wall by his neck and punched in the gut...and this is a kid who can barely walk because of his disability...and I know that he tried to defend himself at one point by kicking the guy in the balls...and the guys reaction was to do it back but way harder...and I am 12 hours away not knowing what to do.  I need help...what should I do?

hes vary abusive 2 me cus he suxs dicks
My boyfriend of five years broke up with me some months back. And now that I'm starting to move out of pining mode, I'm beginning to see the relationship in a very different light. He only ever hurt me physically once. He fractured my sternum, and when I tried to talk to him about it, he told me it was my fault, because I shouldn't have been at his house. A lot of it was emotional. The thing that first clicked was when I was thinking back on how sometimes, I'd say or do something, and he'd tell me that it's wrong and the reason people don't like me. When I got upset, his tone would change to this really soft and caring 'I'm just trying to help; you need to learn these things'. I haven't used the word abuse to refer to it before now, because it's such a *big word* with so much weight, and I don't necessarily want to admit it happened. And, well, I know that I'd probably just come off as the bitter ex anyways. But... there it is. I've said it. I'm horrified. It's... pretty classic. And I didn't even realise what it was while it was happening. But I should have, because I was raised in an abusive environment. I already know the signs, but I fell into it completely. He told me that it's because I always act like a victim; it makes him respond to me that way. I... don't know. I suppose he may be right; because it is what I learnt growing up. And he's on good terms with most of his exes, which I doubt would be the case if this happened with anyone other than me. The fact that I can put myself and others in that kind of situation completely unconsciously scares me. I don't want to do that to anyone else.Tl;dr habits I learnt growing up in an abusive environment are causing other relationships to become abusive

First and foremost, I am asexual. I just want to get that part out of the way. I have never experienced sexual attraction to any person of any gender. It is not the result of trauma, and my hormone levels are completely normal. It's just who I am. I also am what you would call a sex-repulsed asexual - I do not like the idea of sex, I do not intend to ever have sex, I am sure about this and it's not about to change. When I was younger and more naive I was under the illusion that I would one day find someone I cared about a lot and be willing to compromise on this, but I can now assure you that this is not the case.So a number of years ago, I was in a relationship (we'll call the ex Sam, M19 at the time, I was F19) that at the time I thought of as making me uncomfortable but figured I should accept it and try to get over my discomfort because I thought that I was abnormal in some way. By the time I ended it, I had moved on to viewing it as "unhealthy". I now see it as abusive.The relationship was emotionally and sexually abusive. I never had sex with Sam, but was coerced into sexual acts I was uncomfortable with, and guilted into continuing whenever I expressed my discomfort. These incidents made me feel a lot of self-hatred after the fact each time, and Sam would generally ignore how upset I was, or resort to gaslighting.I eventually got out of the relationship but remained "friends" with Sam for a while, though he continued to make me feel uncomfortable and unhappy and the friendship ended not long after. And I went through a period of being very sad and very isolated and very self-deprecating.It is now five years after the incident (so I am F24), and I have only recently begun to consider the possibility of having more romantic relationships in the future. But I worry a lot that I will never really be capable of having a healthy relationship.I think I had a hard time trusting people to begin with, but with the situation I went through, it was made ten times worse. And having had someone tell me they were fine with my sexuality and then abuse me... it doesn't give me much hope for people in the future. It takes a lot of effort sometimes to not see myself as "broken". And I don't really know how to explain my situation to anyone I might enter into a relationship with in the future. I've never even talked about it with friends, I don't know how I'd ever talk about it with anyone out loud. But it's the kind of thing that probably should be brought up with a romantic partner, right?I guess I'm looking for advice re: trust issues in general - How do I deal with these? Is it possible to have a healthy relationship while I am dealing with these issues? How does one really "get over" being in an abusive relationship enough to move on to a healthy one with someone else? What can be done here?I guess I'm just a little lost. I think for a while I was just not really thinking relationships were ever going to be an option for me again. And that seemed alright, now that I'm thinking I might want one, it's actually kind of worrying and upsetting that I still find that I'm not sure if they'll ever be a real option.Might be worth noting that my renewed thoughts on future relationships came with the first proper crush/interest I've had in someone in a long time. I think I'm mostly over it now - I think my situation is hopeless for the moment so there was no point in dwelling on a potential relationship that, well, didn't actually have much potential. But I guess how hopeless I felt about that one possibility has made me think that I want to have better chances in the future of actually pursuing things if I feel similar again.**TL;DR**I'm ace, I had a sexually abusive partner a few years ago, went through a very bad period of feeling very low, and now five years later am finally thinking about future relationships... but don't know if I'll be able to have one.
So I called the National Domestic Abuse Hotline and I explained my situation, but they said this isn't abuse but more just cultural differences. I didn't tell them as much as I will tell you in this post, because I wasn't sure what to say at the time. But regardless, I don't know if this is abuse. Basically I have controlling parents, and due to certain circumstances I have to leave my college for a year and I have no other place to go. I don't know how to explain this but the way it works is that my mother does the 'active' stuff while my dad does the 'passive' or 'confirming' stuff. So my mom will constantly tell me that 'You don't do anything productive', 'That's a stupid thing to do. Or she will constantly instruct me to do certain things as if I was incapable of doing them, or not planning on doing them already (as if I am a child that needs to be told everything to do), or just incapable of simple reasoning. Like, telling me to clean that dish, or pick up this sock, or scrub that counter cleaner, etc, or "how on Earth are you going to go in the city when you don't have a metrocard?" etc. etc. Whenever I voice my discontent she will always snap back like "So disrespectful. NO RESPECT. Jesus Christ (rough translation in a foreign language) and have this ugly scowl on her face. She will also not give me any personal space when I ask for it (sometimes she will just stand there or sit there staring at me for minutes until I give her an answer). And she always wants to know where I'm going, when I'll be back, ALWAYS. When I leave the house. If I don't give her an answer she will criticize my behavior and tell me I'm acting up and acting disrespectful. If I don't comply with her directives then she responds really negatively. This has gone on for 5 years (minus the year I spent at college). One of the worst parts about this is that I'm not sure if I'm the problem. This is because my dad will almost always agree with my mom and tell me that I'm wrong in some way, even when he slightly agrees with me that my mom's reasoning is not always right. For example, if my mom misunderstands and criticizes me, and I give a loud outcry, my dad will say 'She only misunderstood, you have to be patient. You need to say it with a lower more polite tone of voice. There's no reason to yell like that'. She criticizes my behavior and my actions every single time I'm with her, so you have to understand that when I actually do something RIGHT like she says/wants, and she criticizes me anyway, which makes me feel immensely disrespected. But whenever my dad tells me I'm constantly in the wrong, I feel like everything is my fault, that I have no self-control. I remember when my mom called me a demon when I was a little kid -- it feels like she thinks that all of the time.Anyway I'm not sure if this is abuse. I have a vague sense that it is just because of the mental impact it has on me -- I've tried to kill myself twice in high school, and 3 times the summer of last year when I came back home from college. I've had pain, tunnel vision, and I even had physical manifestations of anxiety for months at a time -- especially bad during my mental breakdowns -- while I was home with them. 
Hello.  I have nowhere to turn for advice.  I have seen the sort of open-minded and passionate advice offered to others in similar situations here and I am asking for your help in navigating what I truly believe is a very dangerous situation.My mother is a single mother.  She is a brilliant woman on the autism spectrum.  She was a litigator; she knows the law and she's passionate about people's rights.  But her autism has always made her a gullible optimist.My father was a sociopath.  While my mother worked to support him and her growing family (me first in 1990, my sister in 1993, my brother in 1996), my father abused us at home.  He was a struggling actor.  Before I was born, he basically manipulated my mother into using her hard-earned money to pay for plastic surgery for him, headshots, whatever he needed for his career.  He married her after I was born.  I think he loved her in his own way, like she was the doting mother he never had, but he resented his own children as more and more of my mother's maternal affection was directed toward her children and no longer toward him.  This is all sort of beside the point, except to explain that I was never really allowed a childhood.  I was the punching bag to protect my siblings and even my mother.  During my parents' divorce, I was sent to visitations and my father attempted to murder me.  He tried to drown me in a public pool.  The only witness was my six-year-old sister.  The police didn't take the report seriously.  After that, my mother told me I still had to go to visits with him or he would start taking things out on my sister, instead.My mother's older brother is a lifelong drug addict.  I mean, he lived in Berkeley in the 1970s.  Pot use turned to LSD use which turned to harder and harder drugs.  When my family relocated to a different state to get away from my father, my grandparents moved with my mother, and my uncle trailed after (because my grandparents offered him financial support).  He was jobless until he started growing medical marijuana.  He used my grandparents' property to do it.  The trouble is, a nearby city is the meth capitol of my state, and he soon became a meth head.This September, he showed up at my mother's house raving, thinking my grandmother had given my mother $500 that he felt he was owed, and which he needed to score smack or something.  He was clearly in withdrawals and just out of his mind.  He was yelling at my mother, who was standing inside our foyer, behind the screen door.  He started threatening to break our living room window, and I put myself bodily between my mother, told him I could tell he was high, and that if he did anything I would call the cops.He took the gallon bottle of engine oil he was intending to use to smash our window and threw it at my head.  Overhand.  Hard.  If it had been made of any other material, I am sure it would have caved my skull in.  The screen absorbed some of the force, but ripped of course, and the bottle hit me square in the cheekbone (missing my eye, thank God).  The force of it sent my whole body crashing to the ground.I was bleeding everywhere.  I needed stitches.  He'd burst the skin of my cheek open.  I have a scar.  (I'm a model.  He's disfigured me.)  While my mother ran to call the cops, I followed him out toward his car, screaming to any of our neighbors to help me, to make sure he didn't get away.  My uncle tried to run me over with his car as he sped off.We summoned the police.  My uncle surrendered himself the next day, saying he hadn't been aiming for me at all, that he'd just wanted to scare me by throwing the bottle at the door frame.  (He was three feet away.  Yeah, right.  Great aim, idiot.)But meanwhile he'd communicated to my sister, who it turns out he has been supplying with pot without my mother's knowledge, that he'd absolutely meant to hit me and that he wasn't sorry and that his only regret was that he hadn't had the chance to punch our faces in.The case I guess has been sent to the DA.  It's been months.  Shows you how much people care about domestic violence.  But what I didn't find out until Wednesday (the day before yesterday) is that part of why the police let him go free in the interim instead of holding him in jail is because they're making him provide urine samples on a weekly basis, in addition to the restraining order they made sure was put in place.On Wednesday, my uncle drove my (now widowed) grandmother to a dentist's appointment.  She stared straight ahead and didn't speak to him, but he started ranting about the fact that the urine samples are "invasive" (i.e. preventing him from doing meth) and that he'd pay me $500 to drop the charges.  My grandmother said something to the effect that she doubted I would take a bribe like that.  He said I'd better take it, or I'd face "consequences."When I was 11 years old, my uncle was pulled over for a traffic violation and they found a pistol in his car.  He was on parole for a drug related thing, and it would have sent him to federal prison.  He approached me and asked me to lie for him, to say that I had found my baby brother playing with the gun (which belonged to my grandfather and had been stolen by my uncle without my grandfather knowing this).  My uncle told me that I should tell the police that I hid the gun in the car and locked the doors to keep my brother safe.  My uncle told me he hadn't put the gun there, that a friend of his had, and that if I didn't tell this white lie, it would be the end of his life.  I was hesitant, but of course I felt bad for him (I was 11 and basically unaware of his drug problems), and he said "bad things" could happen to my mother if I didn't do this for him.  I guess he knew how devoted I was to protecting my mother by that point, since I'd done so all through my parents' recent divorce.A couple years later, he attacked my mother (she never reported it) because she didn't save a plate of food for him on Thanksgiving.  While he's shoving her and slashing our tires, I rushed out and told him that I realized he'd manipulated me to avoid prison and I would go to the feds and recant everything and tell them about his threat if he didn't leave town.  This was just after he'd got his marijuana growing license, and had got permission from my grandparents' to use their property.  He told me he'd have me killed.  That I was "a stupid fucking cunt" if I didn't think he couldn't "get to" me from "behind bars."  That he had friends he could tap for favors to track me down and kill me.  I was 16 or so at the time and I kept my mouth shut.But now I realize he's crazy and his behavior is escalating.  I truly think he will kill me or my mother, but my mother says that if I go in and report the latest threats to the police, the police probably won't do anything except alert my uncle to the latest claims, and that my uncle will either hurt me or hurt my grandmother (who lives alone on her property with him).  That I would just be "digging a deeper hole."  My mother's also worried the cops will punish me for lying to my uncle's parole officer or whoever it was when I was 11 and never coming clean until now.I don't know what to do.  My mother bought a gun.  Our house is very easy to break into because we have many large windows and french doors.What should I do?


I currently live with a man who violently threatened to kill me. I'm 26-years-old and I live with my girlfriend, in her mom's house, and that man is the mom's ex-convict, former gang member boyfriend and my girlfriend's stepdad. It has been that arrangenent for a year. My girlfriend and I are currently in the process of moving out very soon, and finding full time work in the city we are moving to. We thankfully have the assistance of my girlfriend's wonderful grandma, who is very loving and is getting us an apartment in her apartment complex.So I don't have to say his name, I will call him the embarrasing private nickname we came up for him. Mr. Whoopti-Do-Do is one of those men who is fiercely aggressive, charming to the right people, manipulative, a grade A narcissist with a martyr complex, and an adrenaline junkie. It's a house of very sick people. My girlfriend has clinical depression. Her mom is bipolar and codependent. I have depression and a recent diagnosis of OCD, and Whoopti-Do-Do is a sociopath addicted to his perverted idea of respect, a powerfully violent and hypocritical protectivness of his "fiancee", working himself to death, and rage. He's basically a 40-year-old homicidal child. In the past weeks and months, as I have worked part time, and gone to school full time, I have struggled with extreme anxiety, and feeling terrible about myself for not making enough money, simultaneously taking leave from work to adjust to my new OCD medicine. I desperately always want to do the right thing. Work hard, earn money, love and care for my girlfriend, and show everyone kindness and respect. But my girlfriend's parents have a hard time seeing that.A few days ago her mom asked me how moving out will be different, since we don't currently pay rent. She is extremely and sometimes annoyingly protective of my girlfriend, but I know she mean's well. I made the mistake of expressing my true feelings. I said that I do everything I can to support and love my girlfriend emotionally and financially, and that we are both stronger than we get credit for. Feeling really bad about my medical leave, I may have been feeling very defensive and attacked, and said some not entirely nice things in a raised tone of voice. I immediately regretted what I said, and spent the next two days apologizing and trying to make up for it, and I thought it was fine, since she accepted my apology and seemed really nice to me.And then, on Thanksgiving morning, she said Whoopti-Do-Do wanted to talk to me. It turns out she had talked to him and he had something to say to me. I had spent a month at least trying to make peace with him, to no avail. While my girlfriend was conviently at work, he sat there and, having his fiancee "hold him back," he began to scream at me for not being good for his stepdaughter, and having the nerve to "disrespect" his "old lady." His eyes bulging, his grotesquely skinny frame shaking, his hands continually banging the table violently, he put on quite a show. He said very bluntly, "I hate you. I've seen from the beginning the kind of person you are. I hate your mother for giving birth to a piece of shit like you! Stop making excuses! WORK! Be a MAN! Do you not know who I am? I have killed people. Just give me an excuse. Please. I am itching to have an excuse to hurt you. I hate you so much. You make me sick. I've got no problem going back to prison." And other common "scared straight" cliches. He's not too bright or original. I wasn't scared at first. I wasn't scared or angry or upset. I actually had a pretty productive day. But over the last few days, I began to feel the full emotional weight of what happened. I felt crippled emotionally, terrified for myself and my girlfriend, and so incredibly sad.There is more to this if anyone wants to hear it. I know I need to leave this terrible house. We need to escape. I suppose if anyone has advice, I would appreciate it. I just wanted to share my true feelings, knowing that hopefully, it won't blow up in my face and fuck everything up...
This happened a long time ago, but I was put into a "transitional house" when I was a teen. While there, I was groomed and then taken advantage of by one of male counselors (twice my age). I was 15/16 at the time. And I was not the only one - at least one other teenage resident there was groomed and then taken advantage of by a different counselor (twice her age) while I was there. The worst part? I'm pretty sure it is still going on. I want to make them accountable, and ensure that it never happens again. The problem is, after so many years, I have no real proof (though I am sure that if I could find the guy who abused me, he would confess). And the time for statutory rape charges has long passed. But it happened, and I am sure it is still happening today, and I want them to pay, and I want it to stop happening.I don't know who to contact, who could help me. This happened in Alaska, 20-25 years ago. My friends and family have all told me to let it go, that nothing can be done now. But it still breaks my heart that the same thing could be happening to other teenagers put into this place, so I can't let it go. And yes, I want them to be accountable to what happened to me while I was there.I don't know who to even reach out to about this. I want this place to be held accountable. I have wanted this for a long time, and for every teenager that has gone through this since me. I feel guilty that I haven't spoken up since then. But I don't know how to do this, who even to talk to, or what to do. Help appreciated.
I posted this in another subreddit, where I learned my husband is most likely abusive https://m.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/3u0xq4/i_23f_feel_like_my_husband_36m_is_not_supportive/So to recap: husband does not work. I am a full time student and work part time. About 70% of my income goes to housing and utilities. (More details in linked post.)So I was reading on abuse and I read that financial abuse is controlling what your partner can spend. I won't let my husband buy many things, like flashlights (when we already have some) and new kitchen stuff. I do allow buying gas and food. I pay the bills like AAA and car insurance. I also allow buying diapers and kids stuff like that. The times I disallow this stuff is when my card has no more available funds.Edit: I also track all of the spending. I ask for all of the receipts. I compare them to my charges on my credit cards. This might also indicate abuse.Is this financial abuse. I don't want to be an abuser, I just wanted to do the best fit my family. If it is, what should I do to not be abusive?

When my husband was about 20 years old (before I met him), he was in a "relationship" with a married woman who was about 26. She emotionally manipulated him with sex and drugs. I believe that she essentially emotionally and sexually abused him, even if he thought it was consensual.What resources are there for help in this situation? I know therapy is important, but I haven't been able to convince him yet. And everything I find online is more focused on men who were abused as children, nothing about a man being abused as an adult.
Hey guys, I'm new here. I really don't know where to go or if this is the right sub so I'm sorry if it's not.That's one thing I do a lot. I apologize, too much.I was in a relationship for 6 years nearly. It was my first everything. We got married after a very long engagement. I don't think I noticed how often I made excuses for him, how quickly I gave up my hobbies and interests for his, nor did I care that my friends were starting to delete me on social media and stop speaking to me simply because they hated him and didn't think anything they could say to me would make me realize.He was an alcoholic, still is to my knowledge, but I just thought, he only parties hard, it's not every day. It wasn't until we were married that I started finding the empty bottles of rum and whisky hidden behind books on the bookshelf or behind the couch. I tried to help him but it only every last a month or so.I don't think I realized how unhappy I was. I was more like a parent taking care of a child then I was a partner and lover. He manipulated me in to dressing or behaving or thinking a certain way and he held past grievances over my head to get what he wanted. Then he started withholding sex, or just treating me like a quick fix, not caring if I enjoyed it. He lied constantly. And when I caught him cheating I still tried to make it work. Until he slapped me, pushed me in to the wall and tried to strangle me. He said he was just trying to frighten me. But does that make it better? I kicked him out the next week.I still apologize a lot. I think I'm getting better, I'm seeing someone new who makes me really happy and I'm doing things for me that I really enjoy. He would have never let me get my nose pierced or bleach my hair, things I always wanted to try and here I've done it and I think I look great.But while I get told I handled it all beautifully and have been stronger than most, through heartbreak, I still don't think I've addressed the abuse deep down. I still get hell-fire angry thinking about the betrayal, and I often think my new boyfriend is angry at me when he's not, or that something I said would make him threaten to break up with me. He always reminds me "I'm not him, you know", and I'm always asking him permission for things like I used to do with my ex husband. I'm sorry if this was too long but I just need someone to talk to. No one else in my family or friends have been through anything similar and it's hard for them to relate. Just when I think I've done something for myself they come out with "You're just doing that because *he* wouldn't like it" and there I am wondering all over again if anything I do will ever not be motivated by my abusive relationship. I'm on 20mg of Paxil and it's helped with the anxiety attacks and the sleepless nights but I'm still not so sure I'm dealing with things in the best way. I don't want counseling, I can't really afford it.Thank you all for your time and patience and any words of wisdom you might have for me, or even just for reading. <3


Imagine...a mid-40s guy, who has raised a family and even has grandkids, feeling real fear when discovering the pictures and facebook page of the family who abused him when he was small.For about seven years in the 1970s, I lived with a particular family in upstate NY.  This family had many foster kids cycling through the house - I stayed the longest.  The "mother" and "father" emotionally and physically abused me during my time there - from hitting/beatings, to withholding food - I remember being so hungry, I ate toothpaste.To leave the house, I finally opened up to the assigned case worker, who visited once a year.  I prayed to God that the family would leave me alone with him long enough to explain the truth of my life, and God answered my prayer that year. After our conversation, he removed me from the home that week.  I was then adopted into another family, much better than the "F" family, however I was never really made a part of the family, and always treated as a second class person.It is very weird being an adult, and finding that I still have those emotions and literal fear of this family.  I wish there was some way I could resolve those feelings, without risking something like an onlline shaming campaign, which may force lawsuits, etc.Writing like this helps...thanks for reading.PS:  For those considering adoption - please treat your adoptive child like your own, and love him or her.  Do not split up siblings.  I haven't seen my sister in 40 years.For those who were or are being abused by their foster parents - read the Bible, pray, and gather your courage and strength - life does get better and God is there for you.


my gf went to a concert. I expected her home tonight at around 11- 12.  But instead I woke up on the couch to a call from her. She is making no sense. She is speaking in tongues... And I am very afraid that somehow this will fall back on me if she makes something up to the police. She has threatened to call the police on me once already and I have no clue why. She is making up stories on the phone about me cheating on her. or being "with whores".... Ive been asleep on the couch since 1130pm. Honestly, she probably only had alchohol.. But she also smokes a lot of weed, and has recently bought $150 worth of magic mushrooms... But I think lots of alchohol was enough.. She's saying some mean things... but that not really what im worried about. I'm worried about this drunk outrage she's having right now somehow nailing me with a criminal record which would hurt my chances of ever finding a job.We have been having problems. Me being unemployed, and depressed. Not wanting to go out.. Like, a lot is my fault. I could have sucked it up and gone to a concert with her to make her happy. But i have homework to do tomorrow (today now since its 4am), and overall, I dislike crowded places when I am feeling down on myself.She is an extrovert and NEEDS to be stimulated by outings... And so me being depressed is hurting our compatability... But, right now she is messaging me all night, saying thinks randomly like "Fuck you. You dont even want to be with me". But I can tell u now that she is intoxicated. that much is for sure.If i stop talking to her she calls. If I ignore both her calls and messages, she will come over in a taxi and barge her way inside my house to argue, loudly... I live in a good neighborhood... The neighbour used to like me so much until she started hearing the yelling that happened when my gf was having a fit of rage. They probably think I am abusing HER :'(That is the thing with abuse from the woman in a relationship.... Everyone assumes it was the man who's hurting the woman... And thats why I am afraid today's drunken blowout is somehow going to have real ramifications... Like if she were to call the cops for some reason.I have a lot to do tomorrow in the way of homework. I garuntee you she will defend everything she said to me tonight while drunk somehow. I dont want to sound sexist, but she makes no sense in her arguments.. She just yells and me and says things. and the neighbors probably think she is crying and I am yelling at her.Yesterday, she had a work dinner she was excited about. I said I had anxiety and couldnt go. I knew it was unfair, and that I ruined her night, but I honestly couldnt manage it. So she and I tried to make the best of the night and spent it together at my home. One significant detail about yesterday is that I openned up to her kind of like how you should only open up to a psychologist... I said i was depressed and thinking of suicide... I know that is a bomb to drop... So tonights drunken nonsensical arguing with me is probably my fault at the root.I  have bee recording our phone conversations for my own safety. Im not going to use them to blackmail her or anything like that.... But if for some reason shit goes down, I have something to defend myself with.I garuntee u tomorrow she will demand to come over and get her stuff.. or she'll demand to send a friend over to retriece her stuff.... this has happened maybe 20 times in the last 10 months....Currently, it is almost 4:30 am.... I am trying to manage her messages and phone calls so it doesnt escalate to her taking a cab over and making noise outside my house... Plus she has a key so she'd likely just come inside....I know Reddits advice to breaking up with a toxic person is to send their items back to them via registered, but she will throw a fit and say she needs them sooner than by mail. And that if I dont comply with giving them back to her or her friends in person immediately, I am a theif. All she has here is some dirty laundry, a jacket, and most importantly her hair straightener. She has frizzy hair, so she guilts me into delivering her stuff immediately because she needs it for work.Right now.. She messages me drunken nonsense... If she sees I havent read them online, she calls me.... Then she hangs up and says that I hung up on her and have subsequently broken up....  I know if I go to bed and ignore her messages and calls, she will barge over her under the guise of "needing her stuff back then Ill never see you again"... this happens once every two weeks... but tonight is bad because she is so drunk she's making no sense. I cant reason with her.She does a lot of drugs, TL;DR: Help. im in a crisis. My gf is drunk and because im a man, I fear that she has me in a chokehold, figuratively speaking. Its 430 am. If I dont keep responding to her messages and calls, she will barge over and use her key to get in. At the very least she will cause a ruckous in my family-oriented neighborhood. *She keeps calling and hanging up, then blaming me for hanging up on her. When I call her she says to leave her alone. Then she calls and the cycle repeats... I have some recordings of our convos*Help
Hi reddit, all 16 years of my life I've lived under an abusive father. When I was younger he would hit me, and mentally abuse me. Up until the 6th grade i thought it was normal for him to treat me like that. Then he sent me off to an extermely muslim conservative boarding school where I would spend the next two and a half years if my life. Those years I would start cutting become depressed and be submitted to hard labor everyday as "punishment". (For those if you who want to know more about the school heres the link https://us.mohid.co/il/nwcs/iie ). Freshmen year of high school I left with the pleading of my mother and me begging. I developed anxiety attacks and symptoms similar to PTSD. sophomore year I found my current girlfriend who's helped me stop hurting myself and makes me smile (I never thought that was possible). Then my parents found out. My father was outraged, he kicked me out of the house and said I was a ni**er lover, and I spent the next 2 days outside. I've been more careful now, and they don't know I'm still with her, but his abuse has come to the point where now he wants me to quit my job. He claims I've broken into his office and stolen many things, and that I'm a corrupt son. I don't want to live in his abuse anymore. Please help me. Also to clarify, my mother doesn't want me to date but is still tolerable. I recorded a conversation between him and I, I'll post it too, along with with a rough translation. To add a fact, he's married to a second wife in Egypt with 3 other kids, he claims they're so much better than us (my siblings and I). Also in the conversation he threatens to kick me and my mom and siblings out of the house. Please help me. AUDIO https://clyp.it/jabp2ftytranslation: (M=me, F=father)ME:hi can i talk to you for 5 minutes?F:nom:whyF:i dont feel like talkingm'i quite work (for you)f:i dont carem:i talked to mr.ahmed (he is my religious class teacher)f:understand what im saying, when i say i dont wanna talk it means i dont wanna talkM:why do you you talk with everyone (my siblings) except me?F:when you are not corrupt/a bad kid ill talk to youM:what have i done?F:you know what you did (no i dont), or what you do everyday, and i give you one, two chances and thats itM:i havent done anythingF:oh really?M:what have i done then?F:you know what you didM:ever since you went to egypt and came back youve been treating me badlyF:remeber before i left for egyptM:why are you still mad for that?F:mad at what?M:that i spoke to that black girl...ever since then ive done nothing wrongF:oh really?M:what else have i done wrong? tell me.F:so you think you dont do anything wrong?M:what did i do? ever since you left ive been following directions, and always telling you guys what i do and where i am.  if i wronged you tell me.F:so you didnt do anything else wrongM:what did i do?F:you dont know?M:no i dont....ok i yelled at you before you left for egypt but i said im sorry for not controling myself, are you mad at that? dad tell me because i dont know what ive done wrongF:no, you know, and you know exactly why im mad. in school and out of school, dont think im blindM:i havent done any trouble at schoolF:and by yourself you know what you do wrong (i really dont)M:then why did you make me quit work? i dont work with herF:with who?M: (my girlfriends name spoken), i work cashier and bagger, i dont even see her in my work hours. i just got this well paying job, why must you make me leave? can you talk to me? you dont wanna talk to meF:did you tell mr.ahmed you work with (my girlfriend?M:yesF:reallyM:yeahF:what did he sayM:he said if i cant work hours she doesnt work in, then i quitF:oh really, its a coincedince you work with her M:i applied to oberwise,petes,a garden place,and a jiffy lube. petes is the only one that called meF:if you wanna work then work around this goddamn filthy house, *voice is getting louder into shouts*, where you donkeys live in and because of YOU *shouting now* you are going to make me kick ou and all your siblings out of hereM:what garbage have i made?F:everything outside (a.k.a all his junk tractors and random shit he buysM:i havent done anything outsideF:EXACTLY YOU DONT EVER DO ANYTING BECAUSE YOUR WORTHLESS, if it wasnt for you breaking stuff outside this woulldnt happen (i didnt break anything???)M:what did i breakF:you dont cleanM:what?F: the basement isnt gonna renovate itself after it floodedM:i cant do it, its taken a team of 5 construcion guys more than a week to do it and theyre still not doneF:im talking abiut the problem from the beggingM:and that is?F:that you didnt maintain the basement plumbimg so it floodedM:i was in egypt with you when that happned thoughF:what about all these leaves around the house? huh?M:these leaves just fellF:its been there for a weekM:i was in schoolF:but all you wanna do is work at a market running after a black girlM:i just want to earn miney, and when you came you told me to clean up and i tried my bestF:all you do is wrongM:what else have i done?F:you broke into my officeM:i had your keys and i told momF:i dont care i could have sent you to jail but i didnt you piece of shitM:i didnt do anything i needed my glassesF:so what? all you do is wrongM:what else did i do dad?F:why dont you sit and think cuz i have no patience for you M:what do you meanF:i told you i give two chances and now you have used them up, now you lost my trust, one more time and im kicking you out, you have 1 and a half years, if you dont finish the quran im not spendind a penny on you and going to disown you M:im tryingF:shut up thats the only reason i buy you food cuz you memorize quranM:(so he only keeps me in his house because i memorize the quran) F:if you dont straighen up then ill fuk you up, last warningM:(i dont know why hes so mad) *last 5 minutes is me begging to work, ill even pay him rent, ect, he calls me a few names, ect, more degrading*
Scenario in question: the parent has a "tough love" frank parenting style, of which the child is not receptive and has not been at any time. Results of the parenting style have ranged from simple ineffectiveness and decrease of attachment at best to hopeless, self-hating, and self-destructive thoughts and behaviors at worst that began at a very early age in response to instances of "tough love" parenting. While the child probably would not benefit from "coddling," it is clear that the child is NOT compatible with the parenting style and the parent does not learn from the mountain of negative outcomes that have stemmed from these instances. The parent does recognize the self-hate and self-destruction as standalone issues and does seek out counseling for the child several times over the years to act as a bandaid for the anguish but refuses to recognize that their behavior and parenting style is the catalyst or outright cause. there are other factors in this scenario that *do* constitute objectively as emotional abuse, but as a standalone concept, does the idea that a parenting style is destructive to a child and has basically caused the child from an early age to have an unhealthy view of themselves and the world, and thereby engage in destructive and isolationist behaviors, an effect which the parent sees happen but does not, whether through ignorance or refusal to acknowledge, connect to their parenting style, constitute as abuse? 
Sorry if this is jumbled, it's only about 20 minutes after the event so I'm still kind of shaken.My dad accidentally spilled coffee in the kitchen, it was dripping on the inside of the Lazy Susan. My mom and I were helping him clean it up. Everything was going fine (although everyone was mildly frustrated etc., as you'd expect when something gets spilled everywhere). My dad was handing things in the Lazy Susan to my mom, and when she took it, he said, "Don't fucking grab things from people." And she said, "I'm not trying to grab it, I'm just trying to hurry." (Especially because my dad tends to get angry if someone takes a second to do something.) He said, "I'll smack you in the fucking face, don't grab things from people. You're a fucking asshole." Now, although my dad does have a history of anger management problems, it's mostly been along the lines of breaking his phone or slamming things so hard they break, stuff like that — only taking anger out on objects. As far as I know, he has never hit my mom prior to this or threatened violence against her prior to this, but it may be naïve of me to think that.My dad needed a flashlight to see whether the coffee spill was underneath somewhere in the Lazy Susan, and I went to go get it. As I was heading down the stairs, I could hear my mom say, "The police will be here," and my dad say, "Whatever." My dad went outside and my mom looked at me, half crying, and said "He punched me in the leg." I was so stunned, I simply said, "Hard?" (Of course I know it doesn't matter how hard someone does it as much as the intent to abuse, but my brain just wanted to know if she was physically okay.) She did a shrug-nod thing and said "I guess I grabbed something from him again." Nothing like this has ever really happened in our family, except once way back in high school when my dad threw me against the wall, not terribly hard but definitely in a way that would qualify as abuse instead of appropriate punishment. Sometimes he jerks/pushes me around, but in a way lightly enough that you could qualify it as normal. He's done it in public before, so he must think it's pretty normal. However, my mom isn't blameless either. She once scratched my dad so hard his arm bled, and I know this kind of violence is equal to my dad's and needs to be addressed just as much. But of course, it's just objectively scarier when coming from a man because you know they have greater strength and force. (Not trying to offend anyone, just generally speaking.)Anyway, I don't even know what I said. I was just crying and continued to clean up the mess. I think I said, "You have to file a police report because you can't just let that happen." She hasn't done anything yet, she's downstairs now. I feel like I've just made this about my emotions instead of helping and comforting her, but I'm not sure what to do and don't want to force her to do anything about this she's not comfortable with, especially since I don't think the police could do anything and calling them would cause more fallout. I know I should go back downstairs and help her or talk to her or something, but I feel paralyzed. I'm so angry. I don't even know how I'm supposed to look at my dad. I remember a moment some years after the high school incident, where I thought to myself, "I always heard that abuse was supposed to escalate. Whereas my dad abuses in small amounts but has never escalated." And while of course I wasn't upset about that, I remember agreeing with that logic I read, that abusers tend to worsen their abuse over time. I remember thinking, maybe that's not all cases and my dad is one of the exceptions.Now I know. With abusers and people with anger problems, while it may lie "dormant" for a while, or never go past a certain extent, even a relatively mild extent, you should never assume that your abuse is "lesser" or will not escalate. For example, if you have a spouse who always verbally berates you, assume that physical abuse is not far off. Please, if anyone reading this is in one of those "mildly abusive but I can ignore it, it doesn't happen too often" kinds of situations, please look at the worst-case scenario and make an exit plan while you're IN the dormant period. I know for some people, they've been trained by the abuser to not even recognize the abuse as such, especially if it's "mild," and thus unfortunately easier to normalize. (For example, if the punch doesn't result in a bruise, my dad can gaslight and fall back on an, "I didn't do it that hard," etc.)I don't know what to do for or say to my mom, although I know I should be there for her instead of leaving her alone. I also don't know what to say to my dad when he gets back, now I'm pretty much afraid of him so I don't want to confront him but I also don't want to act like nothing happened. When he apologized to me after the high school incident, I was so nervous and scared of him that I told him it was okay and I understood. I don't want that to happen again. I know that's way less important than my mom getting the help she needs, so asking that question seems like I'm thinking more of myself again, but I'm just thinking very short-term because my brain is failing to work right now.What do I do?

I am going to attempt to make a long story short. I am 21 now and I have always gotten along with my mother. We were actually much closer then my sister and her were. Our relationship was very cool and I told her everywhere. She was a stay at home mom for the majority of my years (until I have 17 I believe). She went back to work but unfortunately lost two jobs in two years. She went onto unemployment and now spends a large portion of her time watching conspiracy theory videos on YouTube and playing candy crush. Last year I was living with a roommate and we got a dog together and then decided to move out to Alberta for the summer. My mother pushed me to go and INSISTED she would take care of the dog while I was gone for three months. This is where things get bad. My mother has always been emotional manipulative to the people in her life. Mostly guilt driven manipulation but manipulation non the less.  However, she never did it to me until recently. While I was in Alberta (3600 km from Ontario where I am originally from) she would text me and tell me that she can't take the dog anymore, she would tell me people were offering her money for the dog. I would tell her I will book a flight home and she would calm down and insist I stay. I ended up coming home for personal reasons and ended up having to move back in with her. I ended up going back to school and I am very busy. I am up at 5am everyday and every moment I have free I spend with her and my dog because if I don't come right home from school she will call me and text me nonstop telling me my dog is out of control and I am selfish to leave him alone. I have tried to give the puppy away to someone who has more time for him. Let's be honest I was dumb and got in way over my head with a puppy and at this point in my life I need to focus on my education. I had lots of amazing people who were willing to adopt but every time it came down to the last second she would cry and tell me I am not allowed to get rid of him and that I am selfish for abandoning him. Mind you, I have a sister who is a year older then me who also got a dog and is NEVER home. She works full time and is out with her friends and is never forced to come home to spend time with her dog. She walks her dog for about three minutes once a month. My mother spends her money on book and smokes and then makes me pay for groceries. She snoops through my room when I am not home. Anytime I have a chance to sleep in, she will wake me up yelling at me to spend time with my dog. She is always the victim and makes me feel terrible that she does everything and no one ever helps her. However, as I mentioned she spend 80% of her day doing NOTHING. Fast forward to today. I recently quit drinking to stay focused on school. I used to drink a lot with my friends but nothing out of control. Last night one of my good friends was having his party so I decided to drink. I only got the chance to have two drinks before my friend got kicked out so I was pretty much sober (I am a bigger girl, so two drinks doesn't do much). While I was getting ready to leave my mother kept making all these really immature comments that she doesn't understand why I have to go and get wasted and make a fool of myself and why am I going to the bar. I just ignored because like I said she is very manipulative and at this point I am used to it. I left the bar at 11 and got home at 2am because I went over to my friends. Like I said I never get to go out so I was excited to be out with my friends. I went home and went to bed. My mother charged in my room guns blazing barking orders for the day; one of which was my grandma birthday party. I asked her to give me a few minutes and she started yelling at me saying it was my fault I wanted to go out and get wasted and didn't even give me a chance to explain that I didn't even end up drinking and that I am not hungover I just got in late. She spent the entire day telling me I was selfish for drinking and not walking my dog but my dog was perfectly fine and was completely passed out. She told me that she never gets to take a break because she does everything. I wasn't able to get a word in edge wise and I just said I was irritated because she wakes me up every time I have a chance to sleep in and when she does wake me up she literally charges in my room and yells at me to get up. I went up to my room to clear my head and I overheard her calling me a fat, lazy, piece of shit to my step dad. Verbatim. I went downstairs because I knew she was going to come up into my room as scream at me anyway. After a few minutes of silence she told me not to come to this dinner for my grandma because I was such a bitch. She continued to call me names and so I left for a walk with my dog. I decided not to go to the dinner because she was so rude to me and I couldn't imagine being anywhere near her. She didn't realize I hadn't left because I was taking my own car and she called my sister to ask if I had come and my sister told her I had stayed home. She sent me a couple text messages telling me to move and pack my things. She said she would never forgive me and that I should go live with my father because I am just like him. Again verbatim. Side note: I have not spoken to my dad since I was 7 because he abounded myself and my sister. I am now a bit confused as to what to do. Please don't suggest moving out because I cannot work enough hours to pay rent while on financial aid for school. I have lived on my own for a while, I am not some freeloader because I contribute quite a bit to groceries and other bills. Has anyone known anyone like this in their life? Any advice for someone who has hit their breaking point? I cannot carry the guilt that my mother burdens on me everyday. It's honestly getting too much.  
My children and I have been through a lot, the full array of abuses. Divorcing a (diagnosed) sociopath with narcissistic personality disorder is putting me through the ringer.  I'm managing.  I take it day by day and focus on the positive... However PTSD sneaks up on me and that's where I struggle. Flash backs and fears that make me want to control the contact people have with me comes and goes with no indication how long an episode will last or when the next one will come. I'm great with my kids because I.have.to.be and I suck it up.  But when I'm alone, at night, or constant nightmares.  I can't manage my subconscious. How do others deal with this?
I feel like I should say some sort of trigger warning to warn people that I mention things that might upset people. So don't read it if you think you might get upset........I was sexually abused when I was a child & later in life I put myself in dangerous situations which ended up with getting raped when I was about 23. Something really innocuous happened recently where I told someone about this rape that happened & then he tried to kiss me right after. This person was someone I trusted who I believed had my welfare at heart (sorry I cant remember the phrase) and I felt really betrayed by him. That and he's almost twice my age so I guess I felt like he had a responsibility to act a certain way (although maybe thats not fair of me because it shouldn't matter how old you are, he has no more responsibility than me). I turned my head away & then he just sort of pretended it didn't happen.Its been a week or two since this happened & recently ive been thinking about the abuse that happened & its making me feel really shit & sad & low. I'm also a recovering addict/alcoholic so I cant afford to feel like this because I'm terrified its going to make things unbearable again so I feel like I have to have a drink/use drugs (although I know that's not true I guess, but sometimes I feel suicidal & ive been inpatient in a psychiatric hospital before and I really dont EVER want to end up there again). I feel so fucking ridiculous that something as stupid & little as someone trying to kiss me has made me feel so bad. I'm a huge idiot to let it affect me this much.I'm sorry my head is all over the place I dont even know if I make sense? Its gone 2am where I am & I NEED to talk to someone. I've never spoken properly about the abuse but I feel like it all just needs to pour out of me now, I cant hold it in anymore. I have been having therapy for a year but I have only alluded to something happening ONCE. I just feel like people will look at me different (I have group therapy too) & people will think I'm disgusting and 'tainted' and dirty & they will be disgusted with me. I feel like when I alluded to it like I was little fucking child again and I CANT be back there. I CANT feel those feelings. I WILL end up drinking/using. What the hell do I do!? I dont see any way out of this at all. I NEED to talk but I CANT talk, all at the same time. I feel so so bad right now I wish someone would just sedate me for a while until all these feelings are gone.Sorry if ive broken any rules posting this? Please just let me know if I have. 
As the title says, he says she can pick it up tomorrow at his moms expecting her to drive there and risk the ticket and he knows she has to work when he wants her to pick it up. After hearing everything he's done and realizing his abusive patterns, she's putting an end to the relationship but he's still trying to play his game. We live in Florida, what can we do?If we call the local Sheriff's Office will they do anything? Essentially what are our options?
I am using my friends phone because I don't have a reddit but can't find any information.Hi Reddit, I am a 17 year old girl. When I was barely 16 a year and a half ago my parents found out that I had sex with my boyfriend. And, as fanatical Christians, they weren't happy. The beat me, they used it as an excuse to verbally abuse me. I learned what a "Toxic parent" is, and they're the spitting description. Things gradually got better after a while, just them being toxic and rude to me. I was miserable at home but I was going to make it.The problem is, my boyfriend is great. He's sweet, kind, respectful, and I love him more than anything. He cares for me. We have been secretly together this whole time.They found out this week. I'm so scared. They beat me a lot last night and I have pictures. The only time I fought back is when my mom tried to get me naked by tackling me and trying to take the towel I was wearing (I had just got out the shower) to check to see if I was cutting myself (I did that years ago basically because of them). I kept telling her no but she made me. They kept trying to kick me out but when I called anyone they said I was the one wanting to leave (and I did). If that doesnt make a lot of sense, it shouldn't. They're really stupid. My dad pulled a knife on me trying to get me out, but I couldn't leave without a ride. I called the cops, and the cop showed up, said I was spoiled and needed to grow up. He said they could take everything out of my room except my matress, and as long as they fed me it'd be okay. That includes my door.I have 12 weeks until my 18th birthday but I'm so scared. They're taking away all the money in my savings account ($960ish), and I don't know if I can even go to work anymore because I'm "not allowed to leave and lucky to go to school".I don't want to wait and see what they might do to me again by the time I'm 18 in a few months. I don't have anyone to help me get emancipation and wanted to know if there's any way I can get out that doesn't involve me going to a group home, just so I can go stay with someone else.
The situation looks like this:First of all, she is 18 already [means she is an adult here in germany]She is living with her abusive uncle, he even tried to kill her with some pillows while drunk...Additionally her abusive ex-boyfriend stalks her and he hit's her whenever he has the chance to hit her..She received a lot of shittalk about what a useless person she is and she got some really bad stuff to hear from these guys...She is a very tough person, she even decided to live for 3 weeks on the street because she dont wanted to accept help and she thinks she can handle everything on her own..I'm trying to get her to a social helper here in germany, because she is in a situation where she will get definitly help.It's just heartbreaking to not be able to do anything for her and I dont know how to convience her that she could live a so much better live :(Reddit, I need some serious advice how to handle this situation..I don't want to look longer at this :(
My mother and my father got married at a very, very young age. She was 16, he was 21. They got married because of pregnancy after a sixth month long relationship. Since then they have had four children and they have been married for 23 years. Throughout my life my father has been verbally abusive to my mother. As a young girl I assumed this was normal. I would go to my friends home and see how nicely their parents were and this confused me. The fighting was daily and once the cops came because my father was screaming at my mother so loud it scared the neighbors. This, in turn, created abuse from my mother towards me and my sisters, not physical but verbal, from both my mother and father, though mainly father. My mother was young just trying to cope. I am now 21 and the abuse has become more and more prevalent since I had to move back home for a year until I can get my health in order (epilepsy) in order to move out again. My father just spent the last fourty five minutes being so abusive to my mother and I confronted him. I told him to fuck off, he is being an abusive prick and not to talk to my mother that way. All that set him off was a few drinks (like two so he was a little buzzed) after hanging out with friends and he was kidding around with my mom. She stays upstairs because he dominates the down stairs area. She, my sisters and I bust our ass to clean the home for him to have his friends over so she is tired and stays upstairs and makes her dinner. She joked around with my dad that "If she was a man she would have huge balls because she is ballsy" just joking around. I over heard it, it is the same way that me and my sisters joke around. It was a joke. He started to scream and scream at her that she is fat (she has gained a little weight recently), that she is distgusting, how ugly and how she is worthless and how she is pretty much only good for sex and how she isn't even good for that anymore. He started going off on me and he still continues and continues abusing my mom, ranting for hours upon hours about how terrible she is, how she is scum and how everyone hates her and how she secretly wants to be a man. It is fucked up. I am sick of hearing all this abuse from him, how do I confront him to stop? My mom is a stay at home mom and for years she keeps on talking about leaving him but he said if she dares he would gain custudy of her kids and find a way to never let her see them again. He makes a shit ton of money so he could do that. Now he goes over to her and said "Sorry I had to be like that to you. I love you, you are amazing" after beratting her for the last hour. This is continuous and he is a narcissist. How do I talk to him to get him to stop? He has given her such a complex about herself it is disgusting. In my life he (well my family in general) gave me a huge inferiority complex as well, though my mother is getting more depressed and upset than anything. Now he acts as though nothing has happened. What do I do? The last thing I want is my little eight year old sister thinking this is what a man is like. I was in an emotionally abusive relationship with a man and I saw it as normal until I realized that someone telling you how worthless you are isn't normal. I just hate him for this but I don't want to. I want to have a normal relationship with my father.
You find someone, someone you can tell all your secrets to. You begin to finally feel secure and happy and you trust them and you begin to love them and everything around the world is beautiful. Then time passes by and soon you guys fight and you keep fighting and then you call each other names and scream and say rude hateful things you should never say to anyone. You feel insecure and alone but you still hold on in hopes that things will change but you start to realize they never will. Soon you start looking in the mirror thinking its your fault and thinking so badly of your self because of what your so called love one has said and done and you realize that love doesn't last. That anyone, no matter who, will always hurt you and you feel alone and isolated and you want to end the relationship but you can't because it will hurt to much since deep down you still care and love him no matter how many bruises he gave you and words he has said. You know that after so long, once they leave, there will forever be a hole in your heart. It begins to be too much though, the fighting is too much, and the words are too much and you leave because love doesn't last, love never lasts. You realize love isn't worth it and you think everyone has left you. That no body is there for you and you see how fucked up you are because your body is filled with cuts and your head with ideas. You come to terms with how much a relationship can ruin you and you find out love is ugly, disgusting and repulsive. That no body should ever love because why love someone who in the end only hurts you, and you put on fake smile for the world to see because it's an ugly world out there and not one person cares. You realize you're by yourself and you will always be by yourself because you can't trust yourself anymore to be with anyone else. You know that in the end you'll always end up hurt
Hey all...So my wife and I have been together for 8 years and she's always laid into me. Constantly puts me down, tells me I'm no good at things, yells me I'm worthless etc. When I call her on it she says I'm over reacting. I live totally in her control. Tonight she screamed at me because I was trying to finish up work for my second job before I put our toddler to bed. Any deviation from her wishes makes her furious. I put my foot down and asked her to apologize for talking to me the way she did and she told me to get a divorce and went to sleep in the other room... Just don't know what to do. I want to stay with her, but I've been having dreams about being with another woman who actually supports and cares for me... The dreams are getting harder to ignore... I want to make our marriage work... Any ideas? We are in marriage counseling right now, however I just recently had a total mental break down thanks in large part to her, so I haven't been able to... Well... Defend myself? At sessions, so everything lays on me... Idk.



I can use some advice.  My husband has a VERY short fuse. This is nothing new. What is new is that I've had enough.    If I make even the most minor mistake, he just YELLS at me until I cry. Sometimes it's so bad that I can't bear to be in the same room with him for the rest of the day.   I also suffer from depression.  My husband knows this, and he knows that I was raised in a household with a lot of yelling, and that I have NO tolerance for yelling now as a result.  Whenever he gets loud, I politely ask him to please stop yelling and just talk to me. That only serves to incite him more, unfortunately.  When he's mad, he's completely unable to behave rationally.  If I leave the room to escape the abuse (yelling and name calling), he'll just yell at the top of his lungs from another room to ensure I (and the rest of the neighbors) can hear him.  Inevitably, he'll apologize, tell me he's sorry, didn't mean it, all the rest. But then it just happens again the next time something doesn't go his way.  This morning, I had to tell him that I'm human and humans make mistakes, which doesn't mean that I deserve to get yelled at until I cry for the rest of the day. He said he knows and he's sorry and wants to start over today.  We've had so many days where we've just started over like this but nothing ever changes.  He just can't learn to roll with the punches in life. If something goes wrong, he throws a temper tantrum and takes it all out on me.  Last night, I ended up taking sleeping pills at 6:30pm just to put myself out of my misery and make the night end.  He makes me feel like an inadequate person, when I didn't mean to do anything wrong.  I'm sad that someone that I love so much thinks that it is OK to make me feel this way. It's embarrassing too, I really don't like the whole neighborhood hearing our business.  
But I seem to keep fucking it up pretty badly. My SO told me that he was seriously considering suicide last night with an unlocked shot gun and a shell sitting beside him.  He was drunk, but this wasn't the first time suicide has come up, and he's an alcoholic. After I was on the phone with him a while, he started berating me, calling me all the names under the sun... and then he threatened to kill me.  Now, I've been through a lot of shit in my (fairly short) life, but I'm learning that when you love yourself, your life works better, and I have been actively taking the reigns on that.  The problem is that because I've had a lot of experiences, I can put up with a lot of shit. I struggle with the fact that just because I can take the abuse doesn't mean I should.  I've told him that it's not okay for him to get drunk and take out all his suppressed rage on me, mentally, verbally, and emotionally. Rarely things get physical, he's more of a psy-ops kinda guy. And though I know it, I am slow to realize the fact that people continue treating you the way you allow them to treat you. Recently, my SO had been getting worse in terms of instability and he really started scaring me.  We've only been together 6 months, but it's felt like a long haul, and this is the first time that I was so uncomfortable that I got legitimately afraid. The death threat was something that I had to really consider, because he owns more weapons than an armoury. And I take the suicide threat seriously even if he's brought it up several times. If someone threatened my close relative with homicide, I would contact the authorities. And I had to ask myself why shouldn't I value my life the same way? So, I called the non-emergency line, mainly emphasizing the fact that he said he was suicidal and had a gun. I was informed that he was taken into a hospital to get assessed and then was released. Then the authorities took him to holding while an officer took my statement... and I found out that he was allegedly charged. I just wanted him to get help, and now he has a court date and could get jail time. I don't know who to turn to. I'm alone and confused and afraid and sad.TL;DR suicidal, alcoholic SO threatened suicide and homicide and authorities were involved.
TL;DR; Brittany is suffering at the hands of her abuser and wants to leave but lacks financial independance.Brittany's (name changed to protect her) husband has been abusing her for years and she is finally ready to break the cycle, but is financially dependant on her abuser. For years he has emotionally abused her, making her feel worthless to the point where she really started to believe it. Brittany's kindness has touched so many people throughout her life, she has helped countless women in positions not unlike her own.That is why I decided to create a GoFundMe for her, so that she can move out with a trusted friend and break the cycle of abuse once and for all. If you can't donate, thank you very much for taking the time to read this and consider sharing her story with your friends. If you are able to donate something, any little bit helps and is appreciated greatly. TL;DR; Brittany is suffering at the hands of her abuser and wants to leave but lacks financial independance.Brittany's (name changed to protect her) husband has been abusing her for years and she is finally ready to break the cycle, but is financially dependant on her abuser. For years he has emotionally abused her, making her feel worthless to the point where she really started to believe it. Brittany's kindness has touched so many people throughout her life, she has helped countless women in positions not unlike her own.That is why I decided to create a GoFundMe for her, so that she can move out with a trusted friend and break the cycle of abuse once and for all. If you can't donate, thank you very much for taking the time to read this and consider sharing her story with your friends. If you are able to donate something, any little bit helps and is appreciated greatly. TL;DR; Brittany is suffering at the hands of her abuser and wants to leave but lacks financial independance.Brittany's (name changed to protect her) husband has been abusing her for years and she is finally ready to break the cycle, but is financially dependant on her abuser. For years he has emotionally abused her, making her feel worthless to the point where she really started to believe it. Brittany's kindness has touched so many people throughout her life, she has helped countless women in positions not unlike her own.That is why I decided to create a GoFundMe for her, so that she can move out with a trusted friend and break the cycle of abuse once and for all. If you can't donate, thank you very much for taking the time to read this and consider sharing her story with your friends. If you are able to donate something, any little bit helps and is appreciated greatly. TL;DR; Brittany is suffering at the hands of her abuser and wants to leave but lacks financial independance.Brittany's (name changed to protect her) husband has been abusing her for years and she is finally ready to break the cycle, but is financially dependant on her abuser. For years he has emotionally abused her, making her feel worthless to the point where she really started to believe it. Brittany's kindness has touched so many people throughout her life, she has helped countless women in positions not unlike her own.That is why I decided to create a GoFundMe for her, so that she can move out with a trusted friend and break the cycle of abuse once and for all. If you can't donate, thank you very much for taking the time to read this and consider sharing her story with your friends. If you are able to donate something, any little bit helps and is appreciated greatly. gofund.me/2z66zvd8
I don't know where to turn to now. So, I guess I'll just explain what happened.Last night I was laying in my bed watching TV. My Dad's violent when he's drunk, but it's never physical. He likes to hurt my Mom by saying foul things to her, and occasionally. But last night he flipped.I'm hearing them argue and I started to hear his footsteps thundering down the hallway, and I assume he's going to his bedroom. But before I know it, he swings the door open and starts cussing up a storm at me. I don't really reply to him because it's only going to be a blur the next morning. I ignore him.A few minutes later he's mumbling crap under his breath, and he grabbed me by the waist, and slammed me against the bed. I'm in shock now and I try to wiggle away, but my Dad's a strong man. I felt him grab my thigh and then an excruciating pain searing through my leg. I look down and there's knuckle prints in my calf.He walked out of my room and I cried a bit. It really hurt, and I also had to mentally deal with the fact that my Dad had hurt me physically for the first time. My family is not the type that smacks their kids for misbehaving, so this was really new.I have a large bruise on my leg and I think he knows what he did for once. He's been glaring at me all day so I try to avoid him.Not very sure what to do. I don't want to go to my Mom. She'll make things worse and will end up leaving him, and then the family will be torn apart.Reddit, what do I do?
I have had nothing but abusive boyfriend's.  How do I stop this cycle? I thought I picked a completely different guy this time around, but he has crazy anger issues that leave me walking on eggshells so I don't provoke him into a fit of rage.I've always considered myself to be a strong, independent & intelligent woman. I'm so disappointed in how my life has turned out so far. I want to eventually get married and have kids, but fear I can't trust who I will pick as a future partner.I had therapy a few years ago & didn't get much out of it. And yes, I have daddy issues. (My biological father committed suicide when I was a baby and the father who raised me never loved me like his own kids.)
Dear Husband,You knew when we married that I'd been sexually abused as a child, and raped again in adulthood. Three years after you took me to be your wife, after a bout of crippling anxiety and depression lasting almost a year, I sought therapy to help me overcome my demons. I knew my depression was hurting you too, and I thought that by telling you exactly what had happened to me as a kid, it would help you to understand why I have been feeling this way. You were my wonderful, beautiful-hearted husband. I didn't expect you to tell me I was wallowing in self-pity. I didn't expect you to tell me I loved feeling like a victim, and I needed to get over it. I didn't expect you to tell me that you couldn't handle it, and that you want someone 'normal' to live a normal life with. I expected compassion and understanding from you, my dear husband. I expected a pair of warm arms wrapped around me, and soothing words. I expected love. So where do I go from here?L xPS. I am 'normal', goddammit. I am beaten and bruised, but despite it all I carry on. I am a great wife, and mother, and daughter, and sister and friend. I am a good person, but you don't see it anymore. 

I'm not using a throwaway, because if she wants to look me up and she sees this, good.About three years ago, I broke off a three year "relationship." I put it in quotations because she constantly was saying how much she loved me and how cute we were together, but never wanted to actually date me because she didn't want boys to think we were lesbians. I should have taken that as a first red flag, but I was a high-schooler who was experiencing her first feelings of love.I'm not quite sure when it started, but she always called me fat. I wasn't fat at the time, maybe could stand to lose a couple of pounds, but I look back at pictures and I'm not as fat as she made me think I was. On top of giving me low self-esteem, she verbally abused me by calling me all sorts of names. She had self-trauma problems, and whenever I tried to talk her out of it, she'd threaten to kill me or kill herself. She also beat me (gave me bruises or black eyes) all of the time. I wasn't thinking anything really wrong with it at the time, because I loved this girl so much. She was controlling, manipulative, and didn't let me hang out with any of our friends alone because she didn't want me to start liking them more than I liked her. She threatened to kill herself just so I would change my mind. She also made everything my fault, and I believed her. Everything that happened to me was my fault back then. I thought I deserved all of it.She broke my heart so many times. We would be "together," then she'd decide to get a boyfriend. This crushed me, and I told her that, and she acted like I was in the wrong for being so attached. She'd then ignore me for the most part whenever she was with a boy, and only call me when they were being assholes to tell me she was going to kill herself. I told her to get help so many times, and she refused. Anyway, after her relationships ended, she'd always come back and want to kiss and cuddle and be her abusive self. Sometimes she used me to cheat on her boyfriends with. In my head, it was the best thing ever to be wanted again, so I was perfectly happy with it.During senior year, she started talking to one of her ex's friends. I, of course, had to find out in my own, followed by the crushing sadness and anxiety that always came with the news. She started dating him, so I decided to make better friends with her ex. After all, he helped me find my purse when I lost it a few months before. I decided to go hang out at this guy's house and try to have a good time while my "girlfriend" was busy sucking face with her new boyfriend (oh yeah, she always found it fun to give me explicit details of what they did, then got furious when I told her not to tell me. She said I was a horrible friend). This guy I hung out with was awesome. He made me forget all about her. When she found out... things got bad. Most of that time is a blur for me, but she told both of us that hanging out without her wasn't fair, since she was the reason we met. We did it anyway, and she was never happy about it. She hurt me a lot, I think. Again, most of that time is a blur. I only really remember when this guy, I'll start calling him J from now on, took me to a local national park to see the sites. We took pictures of everything, and I was having a good time. Then... she told me that she pretty much slept with her boyfriend. I lost my shit. I wouldn't eat, had trouble sleeping for a little while, and was just having a rough time. J was really awesome through all of this, and took me home. At this point, I decided enough was enough. I ended our "friendship" (?) And gave her back all of her shit that I could find. I dropped classes that I signed up for with her, and ended up being able to leave school early after talking to a guidance counselor.I started dating J after that, and things have been great ever since. I just have some anxiety problems now, and even though I know J would never hurt me, it's always in the back of my mind that I could say something wrong or do something he hated and get verbally abused or hurt. I say sorry a lot,even when I do nothing wrong, just to save myself. He's so amazing, and wouldn't ever do anything bad to me, but since she did, I'm just a little messed up. She did a lot of damage, and I thought I would be over it since I have J and great friends.I don't know what the next step is. My family doesn't really have the finances to seek therapy right now, and if I went to her place of work, I'd probably get arrested for an outburst or a fight. I can't ever see her again, because the more I think about her, the more anger I feel. I just wish she could feel the pain she gave to me, you know?Sorry for the wall of text.TL:DRWas with this verbally/mentally/physically abusive girl three years ago, still not over it even though I'm with her amazing ex. Not sure what to do next.
All I keep asking myself is “Why?” And I have no answers. I have silence and loneliness. I have a person I live with who wants me to “Go away”, “shush”, “Be quiet”, “Don’t you ever shut up?”. But if I did leave would tell me “I love you, I need you” and then, “Don’t be stupid you know no one else cares like me.” I live in fear that if I say something it will cause a fight. If I bring up something about a problem it just turns into a “How I didn’t” do something and is somehow my fault. I try to work through things together only to be told to handle it myself. Or on the other side of the spectrum, let him deal with it and don’t worry about it. But then nothing changes if I don’t handle it. And maybe that is a bit selfish to think of but when my goals, that I thought were our goals, don’t seem to matter anymore to him, it crushes me. I don’t do “nothing” very well. I am not used to being out of control, out of the loop. I have had to fight my whole life to get anything I wanted, needed. I have worked hard until my legs were swollen and painful and still gone home to be the good “wifey”. In return? I get silence, I get told “in a minute”, I am subjected to living by his rules, his wants and needs. His desires trump anything I want to achieve. He doesn’t hit me, he doesn’t have to. His words, when he speaks to me and his lack of action cut deeper than any knife, or gunshot wound. At least those will heal to leave a scar. This, the emotional damage, those scars are rough and hurt forever. I don’t heal from those so well. The skin gets tougher but I don’t. I feel more abjected, less worthy and less human. His words are doing a job that someone who uses fists does, there is just no physical evidence. Who do I talk to about this? Who do I turn to? In my position he has me completely reliant on him. I am of no consequence and of no value. I must hold on to him because I am not worthy of anything else and should count my blessings that he even tolerates me. How lucky I am to have at least “someone who puts up with me”.Even as I type the words, I know they are wrong. I know if a friend of mine ever told me that I would want to help them see their worth. But when you are on the other side, it becomes difficult. What do you do? Where do you go? If he finds out his wrath is worse than anything else. Self-preservation is a must. Plus, who would believe me, it isn’t him hitting me, so what proof do I have? I must be crazy, demented. Something is wrong with me. I am the problem. It goes back and forth. One moment I want to fight, I am worth more, I deserve better. The next, I am pathetic, no one cares and I am lucky he even tolerates me. Maybe I should go apologize. I shouldn’t have told him I was feeling hurt, I am stupid for that. Hurt? What for? Because I am overwhelmed with school and work and house duties? Because I can’t manage my time well? How is that his fault? He shouldn’t need to help me? Maybe I am worthless? Maybe…….well I am…..I mean why can’t I manage all of it? I must be pathetic and stupid for not being able to balance this…..and round and round I go. I was never truly taught love. I was taught to protect those I love at ALL costs, even if that meant losing me. I was taught to fight for everything and everyone. But no one ever said “You, you are worth fighting for”. No one ever said “You, you are worth it”. I am near 30 and honestly I pray every day that I die. I pray every day that the Goddess puts me out of my misery. I pray EVERY DAY to meet death hand in hand. Because there is a point in which you can’t fight anymore, there is a point where you just can’t pick up the sword and prevail alone anymore. I can’t. I am at my end. And so is this story. 
 Here is the Newspaper Article related to her arrest. http://www.mystateline.com/news/belvidere-woman-charged-for-battering-a-babyI am the grandmother of this adorable little 9 week old angel Jack William Virgin IV.  We fondly refer to him as Jack-Jack.  He was born July 3, 2015.He is the victim of violent abuse at the hands of his own mother all before 2 months of age.Here's a little bit about his injuries:Jack-Jack was hospitalized on September 5, 2015 at Rockford Memorial Hospital for what we thought was an intestinal problem.  He had been unable to consistently keep formula and pedialyte down for 2-3 weeks.Thanks to an observant hospitalist, Dr. Stephen Pichler, who noticed his head measurements were larger than what they should be, he ordered at CT Scan of his head. We were then informed of Jack-Jack's head injuries.  He stated there was 2 areas of bleeding/injury that were consistent with abuse.  These injuries were of different ages, one was 3-4 weeks old and the other was 2-3 days old.  They then did a full body xray and found he also had a fractured rib.  We are so grateful to Dr. Pichler... I know he saved my grandson's life.With the help of DCFS and the Belvidere Police Department conducting their own investigation, his mother, Breeanna Watt, confessed to throwing Jack-Jack on the hardwood floor causing him to lose consciousness for up to 3 minutes, throwing him down on the couch, smothering his face in the couch to stop him from crying and lastly squeezing his torso and arm to teach him a lesson so, he'll think about it, the next time he cries.  And this is all before he reached the age of 2 months.She is now sitting in the Boone County Jail facing 3 (three)Class X Felonies and 1 (one) Class 3 Felony. Want to donate to help this newly single dad?check out his fundrazr.com page at:https://fundrazr.com/campaigns/012rMf
So, my dad recently got custody of me after a long custody battle about two months ago. He overreacts to things I say, if I say "You know what? I'm not even going to argue this," he gets all pissed off saying that I need to "cut my attitude out." He thinks my rare sleep schedule is just an excuse for me to stay up until 2AM and sleep from 1-5PM. He drags me to these meetings ever Monday that I have no business being in, and not even required of me to go. We have to pay 6 dollars to get there, 3 for each of us, and he'd save half if he'd go alone. He throws my stuff across my room for no reason. When he tells me to do something that doesn't make the slightest of sense, and I call him out on it, politely like "Dad, I don't completely understand why I have to do this. Could you tell me why?" The only "answer," more like excuse he can give me is "Because I told you so." That means nothing! It's like he's a freaking power and control freak! What the hell do I do to deal with this?!
Www.gofundme.com/jlov27Please help my daughter she needs to come back home!
I am not the best writer so bear with me.My mother and father got divorced shortly after I was born. She got custody cause it was 1980 and courts in the USA were that way. Immediately she remarried. To a real alpha type. Well he didn't like that a child from another man was in his house. He let me know it all the time. She was guilty as well. I remember that my father got me for a weekend once every two weeks.those were vacations to me.It started with neglect. My father documented everything that he could so I have seen proof of these things. Dirty soiled diapers every single time I went with him. So bad because I would get restrained to my bed, and got bed sores from it. Large holes in my skin. Always dirty too. I had cradle cap where the skin would scab over my skull from loss of hair due to malnutrition. She would never rinse out the shampoo. Then at around 3 to 4 is when the physical stuff happened. Once I was hit on the side of my head with a 2x4 because I lost a tooth during my breakfast. I got lots of blood in my milk. I refused to eat it. He didn't like the disobedience. So I got clocked upside the head and learned to walk again. Another time I was locked outside in a snowstorm and all I was wearing was PJs. I stayed alive because I curled up with our chow to stay warm. Later the next morning I was told it was a game. Last thing I remember is when I was play fighting with my youngest brother. I was on top of him tapping his forehead. Step dad came in with mommy dearest. He said I was trying to kill him. I was thrown thru a wall. Then picked up and hit repeadly along my spine with a belt buckle. The first two felt like fire. Then it didn't hurt. I wanted to die. I didn't feel like enduring anymore pain. All the sudden the world started shaking and fear brought me back. I was convulsing from shock or something. I woke up a while later and went into the system for 6 months while my father got custody of me. He had got with this druggie bitch. She liked to torture. Since I had come out of abusive upbringing the stories were dismissed cause well I had mental problems. She like the cut the weebings between my fingers and make me do dishes.Also liked to hit me with spray paint cans. It was tolerable. Sad to say but I was able to deal with it. I learned to settle for what I was given. Well one day I had proof. Dad said fuck this and we left. He married again. By this time I was a teenager. This one liked to play mind games and wanted everyone as miserable as she was. Just constant depression. But soon as I was 15 I got a job. So I could be away from her. Then when I turned 18 I was gone! Joined the navy and did stuff I don't really understand why I even did half that shit. Seemed normal. Now I am 36 I have a wife and a son of my own. Never have I hit him in a abusive manner. Nor have I hit my wife. Not gonna lie there are times when my son pushes those buttons. I remember what I felt. Helplessness. I will **NEVER** tolerate that emotion again. Its not going to be a part of who I am. Now some that read this I get it. Maybe your shit is worse but don't give up. I never talked about the things that happened with me till recently. My story might help someone. Or maybe you need a person to talk to cause you don't think anyone can understand you. Trust me I went thru it all except sexual abuse. I didnt have that happen. So if you need someone to talk with I am just a click away. I made it thru not for anyone else but myself. My father didn't really know how to deal with it then leave. I had to figure it out. Now I warn you I am not the type that will hold your hand I am going to tell you exactly what I think. How I would deal with something when you ask. Cause its how I delt with it. 
Some back story before I continue: He has ADD, anxiety and is on meds, I have moderate to severe depression and anxiety - also on meds. There has been a cycle of abuse going on in our relationship for some time now, despite going to therapy to help resolve it. It usually involves a lot of defensiveness and being unwilling to listen to what the other is saying. I'm really not sure how or if I'm even allowed to talk to people about it, because if you break it down technically I'm the "abuser", but things really aren't so black and white.One example: It usually escalates physically after I seek my time/space to cool down because I'm not feeling well (incoming panic attack), and I'm denied my space. He'll follow after me nearly as soon as I walk off (not the first time...) and ask me over and over what's wrong without leaving me much time to respond. If I don't answer, I'm accused of pushing him away, not acknowledging him coming to check up on me to show he cares, etc... and it's honestly exhausting. I'll tell him if you're not here to help then leave me be. I'll even tell him that the way he's coming at me is very aggressive, that I don't like it, that I'm not trying to fight, and for him to leave me alone.After repeating myself multiple times, I get to the point of shoving him away, which then makes him even more angry at me on top of him being angry with me not answering him. He's a big guy, so it's not easy for me to move him. Frustrations mount, and I end up hitting him to get him away from me. Alternatively, he'll leave, but not without cursing at me, telling me off for not appreciating him coming in to show that he cares about me. I'm so emotionally and mentally hurt at this point that I hit him. The only thing that is focused on at this point is what I did... and what he did is completely ignored. Note: I KNOW that physical anything is not ok. Please don't lecture me about physical violence...I've heard all ups and downs about how I shouldn't be resorting to that...With the therapist, we agreed and signed on it to leave at least 30 minutes to that person in their safe space before checking up on them, and I'm not even given 5. I would get it if you come in and say, "you ok?" and if the person doesn't answer, just tell them, "Ok... I'll be here if you need me." and leave them to their space. A lot of the advice that we have been given by therapists, friends, and family has gone undone. I've expressed that I felt unsafe seeking mental refuge in my safe spots because he's constantly imposing himself, and his reasoning is, "If I don't check on you, you'll get mad at me." I'll ask what part of, "leave me alone" isn't clear? And frankly, I don't get a straight answer. I'm really at a loss here...
My boyfriend is a huge fan of Reddit, I never have  recently and I was quite interested and read it for a few hours. He then suggested that I tell a story about my personal experiences with my family. I am comfortable discussing my fucked up bloodline so here it goes.By the way im having formatting issues transfering this from work, can fix later.My grandmother has a few brothers and sisters. She has a pair of fraternal twins named Patrick and Patricia, Nancy and Ronnie. My grandmother is young (in her mid-sixties) so all of her siblings are around that age range. Anyways, growing up, I’d see my family on holidays, except Patricia who moved to North Carolina. Patrick had a wife in New Hampshire (we’re from Massachusetts), Nancy and her husband have a home a few towns away from us in Mass and Ronnie also lives in the area.Anyways, Patrick is my mother’s uncle and my great-uncle. Patrick’s daughter Tammy was my mom’s cousin and my second cousin. She had a daughter named Brittany, who was my second cousin once removed. Sorry if this is a bit complicated lol. I had never met either Tammy or Brittany until they had apparently moved back here from out west in the mid 90’s. My mom got back in touch with Tammy and we started to see them more. Brittany was around my age, so naturally, I was excited to have a “new” cousin.My mom introduced her cousin Tammy to our neighbor Charlie who had a boy and girl around my age of his own named Jeremy and Samantha. We all started to go on weekend trips and have family BBQ’s together. I quickly realized that Brittany was a nice kid but there was something a bit off about her. I was mature for my age but she was only a year younger that I was and acted like a little kid. We were probably around the age ten, give or take.Tammy and Charlie became really close and eventually moved in together (they are still together to this day). We were on a camping trip one weekend and Brittany and I decided to sleep in my mom’s jeep with the back seats folded down in our sleeping bags. We started talking and that’s when it got weird. Now like I said, we were fairly young and Brittany started to discuss sex with me. Remember this girl is younger than I am… I knew what sex was but I surely didn’t discuss it with my friends as a casual matter or knew anything about how to have sex.Brittany began to tell me that at night she’d sneak into Jeremy’s bedroom when everyone was asleep and that he would “pull his wiener out” and she’d squeeze it and they would have sex. I just remember being shocked that she said this and I’m sure I asked her questions but it was so long ago I’m not sure exactly what she said. I also remember that I knew she was lying because it would be way too bizarre if it were actually true. Brittany lied a lot.So a few years went by, same old stuff. We’d occasionally go to my great uncle Patrick’s house up in New Hampshire for family get-togethers and I remember Brittany had a few Birthday parties up there, since Pat was her grandfather.My best friend Marisa came everywhere with me at that age and one time she came up to New Hampshire with me to a get-together at Pat’s house. I remember we had bought this stupid all-in-one kit for a wooden pencil case that slid open. We wanted to decorate it etc., but it needed a screw driver so we asked the adults. Pat over heard and told us that he’d be happy to put it together and had us follow him down to his workshop in his basement.We must have been down there all of ten seconds when my mom abruptly came down and stayed until he finished putting together the pencil box. I remember thinking it was odd because my mom seemed a little off. Marisa and I were probably about seven or eight years old but I still have this memory. Maybe it’s because my mom’s emotional response stuck with me.My mom told me that Tammy and Charlie were with some of Charlie’s friend’s camping and they found Brittany alone in a camper with a five year old boy molesting him. We were probably still around ten years old at this time. Clearly a young girl doesn’t just think this stuff up, especially since internet wasn’t as common in the mid to late nineties, so they asked her how she learned to do this stuff. She casually answered “Grandpa”. I was shocked to learn this and then when I thought about it, it all made sense.I’ve been around victims who were sexually abused when they were young, particularly in my family. I was never sexually abused, only because of my mother, and when I look back I can see many signs in Brittany of a sexual abuse victim.Again, the reasoning behind her impulsive behavior like lying and story-telling was most definitely directly related to her being abused by Pat, which led her to eventually molest a young boy. This is a tragic story, and I feel for Brittany and the little boy who she abused. From what I understand, I’m pretty sure she had no idea what she was really doing to him, she may have figured it was a way to show affection since that’s what her sad excuse of a pathetic , evil Grandfather did to her.This was of course a devastating blow to my family and we branched off after this event. Tammy went to the police and the cops or the fed or whatever and in 2001 they raided his home. Apparently they found a shitload of child pornography and pictures. I guess there was a fuck ton of Asian child porn too.. A few weird bit of information came out, one of them being that he used to make Brittany piss in a Dixie cup. I have no idea what that was about.My mom has always made little comments to me about Pat, along the lines of him being a creep and to never be alone with him. She is a great judge of character and was spot-on when it came to her uncle. This was why she ran down that time Marisa and I were in his workshop, she probably was talking to someone and didn’t even realize he whisked us away. But that unfortunately is what pedophiles are good at.Needless to say Pat was put away for a long time. I believe he was recently released but I have looked him up and he is indeed a registered sex offender. His disgusting picture is up there and everything. His offenses are listed as 4 counts of felonious sexual assault (victim under 13 years old) and 5 counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault (victim under 13 years old). I tried to find a document on the arrest but couldn’t, I’d probably have to go to the police station and pay for a copy of the police arrest record. I was also told that he was making illustrated greeting cards for people while he was in jail. Creepy much?One day my uncle and I were talking about Pat and my uncle was discussing the police raid. I was never told this when I was a kid, but apparently there were a bunch of pictures of me doing cartwheels on the front lawn at his house. As expected, I was horrified. That clearly meant that he “wanted” me and had checked me out before. I was practically a baby, this is something I will NEVER understand.My boyfriend and I were talking about this because on the fourth of July my grandmother gave me a bunch of random pictures that I was in when I was younger. There’s this one picture where I was opening gifts at the table and my grandmother is right next to me talking to someone from across the room. The other people you can see in the photograph are all busy doing something, probably not too focused on my gifts. By the look of the picture I was probably turning four years old. However, the creepy part of it is that right behind me where I was opening the gifts, my uncle pat is staring down looking. He was probably looking at the gift I had in my hand, out of sight under the table, but since he is a pedophile, this is obviously much, much more creepy and sinister. I don’t know, I may be thinking into it too much. I just found it very weird that everyone else in the picture was doing their thing and there he is breathing down my neck RIGHT BEHIND ME.I haven’t really heard much from Tammy or Brittany. Tammy and Charlie moved in together somewhere in New Hampshire and I guess my mom saw them a few years ago and she told me Brittany is all screwed up and apparently has her own children now. I can see why she is screwed up, who wouldn’t be? I’m aware this is heavy stuff but again, this is my family. The saying “you can’t chose your family” is an understatement. I have a few other little stories about other family members, not sure if anyone is interested, if so, let me know. So, when all is said and done, creepy, child molester, pedo bastard “uncle” Pat, do us all a favor and burn in hell.
I am a minor, to be exact 14. When I was 6 my parents got divorced but I was traumatized as a child from all the screaming that when on at a very young age for me. My father definitely abused my brother and I see it happen (mostly occurred when I was 10-12). He would shove his face into the floor and twice flat out beat him. We went away for spring break and I have a allergy to all fish. My father never belived me and said if you don't eat the fish I made you wont have dinner. I ate it and had an allergic an allergic reaction. He used to yell at my often until I went to 8th grade. I have to go back and forth every Sunday from my mom to my dads house until im 18. His new wife also stole some of my moms money. My mom I know she wants the best for me but she causes extreme emotional stress making me pick between one parents and twisting my words yelling at me. I don't know if this is abuse because I have never been hit physically before but my father has had neglectful tendency. We have called the police on my father before and they just gave him a warning.
Hi Reddit,If anyone here had any advice that could please help, that would be so appreciated. I have been beaten depression and anxiety in the past couple of years since graduating from College but sadly I am stuck at home in what I perceive to be emotional abuse. It is just I have only started recognizing it now. Below I have written a list of the different things that have happened. My therapist says I won't be able to do anything but I badly want to do something.- Hit over the head with a television remote several times for being on the wrong channel.- 'Go and live with your Dad' in reference to if I don't do things their way.- Been told 'I was conked out' and just a 'bit depressed' in a calm tone. - Mother said 'I just get so frustrated with you' after she refered her abuse to drinking alcohol. - Been told I should be happy because my mother is making lots of money.- Father hitting me violently after I accidentally disrupted his music from DJing. - Been threatened with being beaten up and getting kicked out for reasons that I can't remember; being pushed to one side if I didn't start acting happy to impress his work friends at dinner.- Told to grow up after being unhappy at being moved.- Signs of depression detected when I was a teenager, been told it was not depression.- 'You always make a mess' 'You don't seem to do things' 'You are useless' 'You always muck things up'- 'You can't do that' 'You will muck it up' 'I always have to do everything'  - Been told I would get a girl pregnant and I would never get into Sixth Form, that I was academically worse than my peers.- Said that they criticised me before I left for Uni and they said 'Oh that is what you do to a child'- 'You can't do anything, you won't be able to cope when you leave home' - 'Lot's of people do this, why aren't you doing it you know'- 'You are behind lots of people' - Comparing myself to other families children who are apparently more grown up than me. - Being stuck in a victim mode.- Being hit several times over the years including for trying to get breakfast and being kicked out.- 'Listen and learn' for everything. I have been in therapy for nearly a year. I have learned to recognise and become aware of everything and all the patterns that is great but unfortunately the yoyo cycle of the abuse coming and going and coming again continues, I have noticed it has increased again since I started my meditation (I feel better about myself), I have recognized that this sort of form will continue. I went to University but since being in recovery I am in my room a lot and want to get back in touch with my friends and  I want to leave home but also want to travel. I want to come out of my shell and I am afraid to tell people.  Please what do I do?

I've been in therapy for a year now. Last September, I was in a really bad place. I was depressed and suicidal, and I was terrified of these feelings. I confided in my SO at the time, and he begged me to do something. I had a lot of resources through my school, so I took advantage of them. Here I am, a year later, alive and healthy and well. It has taken a lot of blood, sweat and tears to get to where I am now. I recently broke up with my SO. It was a really messy breakup. He ghosted me. One day, he just stopped answering my texts and my calls. I couldn't confront him because he lives two hours away and I'm in school, and I work. This was also not the first time in our relationship where he dropped off the face of the earth without a trace. Before we actually broke up, I talked a lot about the relationship in therapy. I had a decision to make - do I stay and fight or cut my losses? It was ultimately the easiest decision I have ever made. I cut my losses. With so much time alone to truly reflect on my relationship, I realized that he was the cause of a lot of my anxiety recently. Talking about it with my therapist, she informed me - this is abuse. Hindsight is 20/20, and I have no idea how I stayed in that relationship for so long. He was manipulative, condescending and often mocked me for my depression and anxiety. He sexually assaulted me several times, and slept with me while I was asleep (I woke up to him on top of me and me in extreme pain because I had an infection, that he knew about, but stuck it in me anyways). If he wanted some action and I wasn't in the mood, he would whine, beg and plead like a 2 year old asking for a chocolate bar at the grocery store. If I kept saying no, he would get pissed off, and would stop any physical contact (as if cuddling and kissing HAD TO lead to sex, and if it didn't, then what was the point). I know its partially my fault for letting it happen, but at some point I would let the sex happen just to avoid having him angry with me. I remember thinking, "When will this be over? Is he gonna climax soon? Is there anything I can do to make him climax faster?" Sure, we had good sex sometimes but the majority of the time, it was routine. I was just waiting for him to climax, because once he was done, we were done. And I wanted to be done. My therapist also told me about a thing called "gaslighting". You're being gaslighted by your SO if they make you feel like you're going crazy. If they make you feel that what you're feeling or what you're experiencing is a pigment of your imagination, you're being gaslighted. That's what he did to me. Earlier this year, he moaned someones elses name in bed. When I confronted him about it, all he said was "Well Nathan (ex boyfriend of the girl whose name was moaned) is my best friend, I was just talking to him so I guess it was just an association". That answer didn't satisfy me at all. If I ever tried to bring it up again, he would tell me that I need to stop thinking about it because he already explained why it happened. A few months later, I was performing oral sex in him and he asked if he could look at porn on his phone. I had no problem with that, because I've done the same in the reverse situation. But, because of the mirror in the headboard of my bed, I could see what he was actually doing - texting the same girl whose name he moaned out months before. Once again, confrontation was pointless. His response: "I was just responding to a text from a friend at an inappropriate time, that's it". After that, he wouldn't let me talk about it anymore. Literally, the second after he said this, I tried to talk more, but he cut me off and said "I just explained to you, why can't you just let it go?"A few days later, I tried to bring it up again. He told me to stop overthinking. I thought I was going crazy. He just seemed so pretentious about the whole situation, like he coukd do no wrong. And I believed it. I ended up apologizing for letting my anxiety take my mind to a place where his activities in bed bothered me. That's what he made me believe - that I was overthinking myself into a catastrophe. I often referred to myself as a psycho girlfriend in therapy, because that's how I felt. He made me feel like I was legitimately going crazy. I could go on and on about the things he did that made me question my sanity, my ability to live, to be happy. He made me question who I was, who I wanted to be. It was awful. Now, I'm out. For perspective, he ghosted me at the end of July, and earlier this week is when I finally broke up with him. Ever since, I have felt happier than ever, and so extremely free. I feel like my life is my own, like my future is in my hands and my hands only. I have complete control over myself and my life and it feels amazing. But, I'm dealing with so much anger. I don't know if I'm angry with my ex for being such a douche lord or angry with myself for putting up with it for so long. All I know is that I need to heal, but in order to heal I need to be at peace. I know its fresh, and it'll take some time to heal, but I just want to move forward with my life. I don't want to spend any more time dealing with emotions that are tied to him, because I don't want them to have any significance or any impact on my life anymore. There are resources for people in or recovering from abusive relationships at my school, but the anger is so intense. I'm not quite sure how I'll get over it. 
i've been married for a few years, and for the last year or so there has been emotional and verbal abuse in my relationship. my husband is very disrespectful to me and my thoughts and emotions, putting me down, laughing at me when he makes me cry, and yesterday we got into an argument, i grabbed his phone (yeah, not the best thing to do...) and he ran after me and started choking me. i'm in a bit of a shock still today and not sure what to do. the advice that i would give to anyone in my situation would have been to pack your bags and leave as soon as possible, but now that i'm faced with it, i'm finding it really hard to even consider that as a viable option. i'm not sure how things could get any better, and how i would be able to live like this for the rest of my life, but at the same time i'm thinking i can't live without him. i'm so shocked that this man who i thought was the best and most amazing person in the world would be capable of doing what he did, and after he let go, he told me it was all my fault, there wasn't a hint of remorse in him. feels like my world has turned upside down and everything i believed in and was looking forward to in the future has kind of vanished...
I feel so low.I feeel like i shouldn't have opened my mouth. I learned so much about him that im disgusted by what hes done, which is sexually abuse someone. And. His friends keep supporting him and telling me they arent taking sides and they hope the other victim gets the help they need. But they are far more concerned with him getting help.They invalidated what i went through, to something as simple as he couldnt give me what i needed and if i wanted people to believe me i shouldnt have given a warning online to people about signs to look out for. That if i wanted respect and to be believed, i shouldnt have done that. And they just dont believe he was actually that bad to me.And im just drianed. Im just drained becuase in the end this is all about him. News like this would have destroyed anyone elses life,but not him. He has so many people feeling sorry for him.And after he "gets help" those people will stand by him and forgive him.I wish i would have stayed with him so that at least i would have my friends. At least he wouldnt be dragging my name through the mud. At least i would still have my credibility...But now no one believes me. And now i just dont care anymore..Who cares. Im just about as worthless as i feel. If he would tell me he would stop if i got back together with him, id say yes. Because at least back then people...cared about me And now..it just doesnt matter..I dont matter..
So basically, I'm 21 years old living with my parents. I came back from college 3 years ago after struggling with depression. I've been told on multiple occasions that I was being kicked out, that I was a worthless piece of shit, both my mother and father have told me outright that they hate me. This has been constant.I also have been working with my father on his job for 50+ hours a week under the presumption I was getting paid into an account to get me back on my feet. Now yesterday I decided to look in that account for the first time in a few years. There were no deposits at all. I had been paid nothing for 3 years except for the 40 dollars in cash I got a week for "spending." So basically I worked for 3 years at $3.75 a day.I brought this up to them last night, showed them all the math, and of course this became a huge fight about how I'm just SO ungrateful. Then, as I'm walking back downstairs to my room, my father pushes me down the stairs, tell me that he'll call the cops if I try anything, and slams the door.I don't know what to do, I can't even drive away from my house because my parents refused to let me get my license. I want to get on with my life but they completely prevent me from doing so. I don't want to call the cops on them because I love them and I also love my pets and animals and idk what will happen to them through all of this... I Also don't want to risk losing some of the property I do have or getting MYSELF arrested if my parents somehow turn this around on me?I'm really lost.
For the first time in our relationship, my boyfriend hit me. He's never been physically violent until last night, but he was verbally abusive. I figured it would escalate someday and last night, it did. I have bruises where he hit me... I want to leave but I don't how. What do I do with my stuff (99% of it is packed in storage already)? What do I do about money (I'm disabled and don't return to work until January at the earliest; he's the breadwinner and I just gave him my last $1,000 to pay the rent, so I literally have almost no money)? I don't have any family (mostly deceased, or having their own problems where there's no way I could add to the burdens they face); the only friend I have is a kid I went to college with but she's got her own problems and lives far away... I want to leave but I am trapped. Does anyone know of any resources for battered women that need help moving, a place to stay, and financial assistance? I would just 'get a job' but I'm disabled and am on medical leave from my current job, so I don't know what to do.I'm in the Albany, NY metro region.Please help. 
Hello,I've been talking/dating this girl for 3 months and it has come to a point that she trusts me enough to tell a story about her abusive ex. Long story short, 2 years ago she was in a bad relationship where she was emotionally, physically, and sexually abused. It ended with her having some sort of revenge by telling everybody about the abuse, including his circle of friends and father. This led to rancor from the ex that's been burning until now. Now the girl herself is ready to let go of the past, she's also been seeing a shrink these past 2 years, but the problem is the ex once in a while texts her with all sorts of hurtful things, and he even claims he has a you-know-what recording of them (she thinks this is just a bluff, but still). And every time she reads his text she breaks down, her body shakes, she can't sleep, etc. Once she even threw her phone until it's broken. Blocking the number is no use because he always use a different one, and somehow he always know her new number every time she changes it.Now what is the best thing for me to do? So far I've just been trying to be a good listener and empathize. But it's painful to see her helpless like that and I'd like to advise something practical but on the other hand I don't want to be patronizing and giving unsolicited advice, not to mention I'm not sure what advice I should give. And I don't know if the therapy is working, she said they teach her to be forgiving, understanding that the man doesn't know what he's doing, he's still immature, etc. But just a week ago she said "why should I? what's in it for me?" I said that it's not so much about forgiveness as it is about making peace with your past. Am I wrong in saying this? Please advise. Thanks a lot!

I am curious if there is anyway to possibly prosecute or do anything about past sexual abuse. I've been abused/raped/molested several times throughout my life and never were dealt with properly. Once at 8, once at 10, and once at 15. I know there is little chance of going through with a successful prosecution from when I was 8, but when I was 10-15, and on another separate time at 15 again, I actually have proof of those times.I was 15 and raped and went to authorities right away the very next day. The man was an adult and I was a minor. I talked to someone about the rape, and then went to a jury and then for some reason I never heard back from ANYONE about my fucking court case. There has to be a way to contact authorities and go back and get that case re-opened since I did report the rape right away and I was 15, he was an adult, they HAVE to do something, right?! from the time I was 10-15, I have documented diaries and journals of the abuse written down that I went through. I have witnesses. If I got in contact with my abuser maybe I could even get a confession by phone and record it. I have old messages between us saved. I was 10-15 and he was 18-23. I'm now 18. Is there ANYTHING I can do? who do I talk to?
I started dating this guy in high school. He wasn't always abusive. But then after a year or so of dating he became obsessed with the fact that I lost my virginity before I met him. Claiming that I should have "saved myself" for him like "he did for me" and I didn't. Even thought I had no idea who he was before I met him? The funny thing was, I had only been with one person before him and only done it with him once or twice. I honestly can't remember. It was so long ago.Then he became obsessed with the fact that I was close with my family and spent a lot of his time trying to break me apart from them. He started to be mentally abusive always telling me I was a "slut" and other names. He said that I deserved to be hurt because I hurt him (because I wasn't a virgin when we met). And I started to believe him. I guess I became brain washed, in a way.I went away with him to go to college. He was constantly telling me that no one else would ever love me and I started to believe him. He cheated on me. Telling me it was my fault, that he deserved to be with someone else because I was. (Going back to the bullshit about my previous boyfriend from 2 years before). I started to believe everything he said about how terrible I was.After we were on the other side of the country in college was when he started to really keep me from my family. He didn't want me talking to anyone except him. He often said he wished my family was gone and that I didn't have one. I secretly talked to my family all the time. Deep down I think I knew that I was right and he was crazy.He became obsessed with sex. Always making me do things or guilting me into it. Which is definitely not consent. "Stop. This hurts, Stop. NO." He didn't care, he didn't stop. Then he became more violent. pulling my hair, pushing me, even throwing me on the ground once because I was trying to get my cell phone back from him. The way I landed on the ground seriously hurt my neck, I couldn't move it for days. I lied to everyone about how that happened, believing it was my fault. If I didn't talk to my family or anyone, he wouldn't try to get my phone from me. Thinking back on it now, I probably came close to getting seriously injured on that one. Then he would threaten to hit me, punch me, hurt me worse. But always told me he wasn't abusive because "he never actually hit me". Right, he just did everything else. Raising his hand to me and then smacking the wall or something. Constantly berating me and calling me terrible names, saying horrible things to me.The only people I told about anything were in short phone calls on my way to school with my two "friends." They never cared. So I figured no one else would either.Fast forward to now: I am happy. I am home with my family and dating the most wonderful person who I know would never hurt me. But I never really told anyone about the abuse I endured. Making up stories to tell my family if they had any questions.Recently I haven't felt like I've wanted to be sexual with my boyfriend as much as usual. I've been thinking about my past abuse a lot and realized that I was thinking he would be mad at me if I wasn't sexual with him. This definitely isn't true because my boyfriend now is amazing and not like that at all.I don't know if my past experiences are causing me to want to avoid sex things more, or maybe my new birth control is decreasing my desires? I read that's possible. Maybe that's it.Thanks for reading.
This is my first reddit post so Im sorry if there is anything wrong with it. So my girlfriend is 17 in high school. She mostly gets As, is always in the top of her class, and works as an activist and even went through Genysis and now works for an IT company. Unfortunately, her family abuses her. Her dad physically abused (e.g. punched) as a child, and now just goes gambling and does not care for the family. The mother does not understand her child and has pretty much handed all the parenting responsibilities to my gf's older sister. The mother literally does not support her daughter in the slightest. She has no intention of paying for her college not because they cant but rather because she doesnt believe in her daughter. The most ridiculous thing is there was an incident that happened in January (I dont think Im in the position to go into detail about it) that could have and should've been a serious case, but the mother disposed everything about the incident so it wouldnt become a court case just so it wouldnt tarnish the "family reputation". She also for some reason tries to keep her in the house when she's not at school, disliking when she tries to socialize with friends, etc. The older sister who supposedly took responsibility for parenting her doesnt even take care of her (hell she doesnt even take care of herself) and just yells and puts her stress on to her sister. The dad is never there while the mom and older sister constantly yell at her for shit that isnt true/she hasnt done. My gf feels stuck and has even thought of running away to a Huckleberry house. I feel powerless and dont know what she can do or what I can do to help her. If there is anyone out there that knows what she or i can do, has advice, maybe even a number or website that could better help with this kind of thing, anything, please, let me know. 
I know someone who was abused emotionally and physically by his parents, but he later on was emotionally abusive to his ex when she broke up with him because quite simply, she didn't really feel attracted to him. She said he hadn't abused her until after she'd broken up with him, it was simply a lack of romantic interest which started the breakup.His abusive actions happened a year ago, and he no longer has to deal with his parents. He's since realized how wrong he is and feels guilt for his actions. It's also impossible for either him or his victim to see or contact each other, so he won't be abusing her again, and he's taking steps to make sure not to do any of that to anyone ever again. He also feels conflicted though because on the one hand he was a victim to his parents and on the other he later abused his ex, so the question of how and why he could ever do this has constantly been in his head. "How could I do this? Why did I do this when I have experienced victimhood first-hand?"He was an abuser, and he's trying to reform himself from being an abuser into being a good and caring person. However, he's also a victim to someone else. I'm not sure if he should be shown any sympathy or empathy, or if none should be shown. As a victim he needs it, as an abuser that will just lead to him feeling empowered to abuse again.What should be done about him?

Hello. My parents abused and neglected me. They got away with it and tried to convince me it was normal and proper. It's bullshit. They know it and now I know it. As a result of trying to deal with them, I do not know how to "read" or trust other people. Can it get better? Is there a way to learn how to get along with people? Thanks. 
I just transferred to my university and started school this past week. After the past couple of months, my anxiety was giving my issues again, so I decided to meet with a counselor at the health center.Obviously part of the confidentiality is if you report abuse, suicidal thoughts or want to hurt yourself or someone else, they have to disclose that information. This makes me reluctant to talk about the abuse that happened to me in my childhood, because it would cause a lot of issues. I've tried telling my story before, but was dismissed because of the nature, or type if you well, of abuse that was done to me; Sibling Abuse.There are 3 years between my older brother and I (I am 24 currently and he will be 27 in a few weeks). To keep things short, he was my abuser. He would belittle me ALL the time, hit kick, shove, punch, he once choked me (made my neck cherry red), made verbal threats, corned me in the house, and chanting hurtful things to me when we slept (we shared a room until I was 13) I think the worst part was when my mother told me "We know that there are things that happen in this house when we aren't here, but what do you expect us to do about it?" after months of complaining, or their words"tattling" on him.All of this being said, no one, aside from my husband and a few friends, acknowledges that I was abused. Not even my parents. Anytime I would try to tell, even when I would say "he's being abusive" they would dismiss it, especially my mother. I believe it's because he is the first born and a bit of a mama's boy. And yes, I have confronted him three times about how he is abusive and needs help. It either ended up in him hitting me and or him flat out denying it. I'm pretty damn sure he suffers from depression and maybe some form of a behavioral/personality disorder, as my mom's side of the family has a history of it. He's also very argumentative, vindictive, and selfish. Logically he is incredibly smart, but lacks motivation and is very immature for his age (I would say his emotional/social age is that of a tween) Regardless, it do not excuse his behavior towards me or to anyone else. I do find it odd that after I moved out 2 years ago, that he has been more "well behaved" for the most part, which makes me parents think that he is "changing and finally catching up with everyone else."Now I love my parents, and all there sacrifices they have made for me. But I can't seem to get through to them, even when I moved out that he needs help. I don't know if it's a denial thing, a fear of not knowing what to do, or a generational thing.I am blessed with a husband who loves, supports, and most of all, believes me, as well as a few close friends. Part of me wants to tell my counselor all of this, and then some, because I feel that it is part of the reason I have anxiety problems, but I am worried of what happens after and my ability to handle it. I'm also not sure if I am ready to tell anyone else (aside from you all here on Reddit) I mean, how does one even know when they are? Is that even a thing? I'm hoping maybe some of you who have gone through it, or something similar can shed some light on this.
I wrote this just now after reading several articles about gaslighting."What if the love of your lifeadjusted gas lightswith the intent of frightwould you resist with all your might?or would you fallstumble and crawl to that sirens callforthwith enthralledwound tightly concealed in smoglove and anger ring througha faint shrill tuneguiding me ne'er doom"
She's 16 years old and on anxiety medication and she has panic attacks because of her mother. Her mom says things to her and does these ridiculous things like take pictures of her when he's panicking and saying she will show everyone. She's trying to prevent her from following her dreams of being a digital artist by taking her computer and belittling anyone involved. Including myself. My BF recently commissioned her and her mother is saying we are trash and she shouldn't do this for us, blah blah blah. Basically right now my cousin is having a panic attack and im sitting here helpless.I got their house number on dial encase i need to talk with  (bitch out) my aunt, but my cousin is terrified that her mother will beat her if i call. Im not sure what to do. I don't know if this is something child services would even bother with. Do i have any options personally? She's now banning her from seeing me. She doesn't know anything other then we wanted her daughter to do art for us and now we are banned? I'm sorry if this is the wrong sub im just desperate and not sure what to do. I need to help her. 
I'm not totally sure of this but I believe my neighbor(50-ish year old lady) is being physically abused by her disables adult son(30-ish year old man). The lady has bruises all over her arms so I am assuming that she has been being forcefully grabbed by her son. Who should I contact about this possible issue? Another thing I find odd is that they are living together in a 1 bedroom apartment but that's another issue. Live in Southern California if that matters.


I'm young, and scared, every relationship I've ever been in I feel like I destroy because of my mental illness, Last night my now ex came over and broke up with me, then he shoved me around, I'd been dealing with his emotional abuse for months before hand. I don't know what to do about my choices, I can't seem to stop them. I think I chose a good guy, then everything goes to shit. I tried apologizing to him, but it just didn't work out. I need some guidance here. And someone to talk to. Maybe I'm reaching out in the dark, but I thought I'd try. 
Over the past few years, I've noticed some serious problems with my mother's temper. They've always been there, for as long as I can remember. Before I type this out, I really do love her, and she'd give anything for me. She has her moments, as we all do, but a lot of those times those moments aren't worth the trouble. I think she has some serious abandonment issues, along with depression, bipolar disorder, and past abuse. To get started, ever since I was little, I can remember my mom not having a good temper, at least when she was around. She worked a lot, to provide for me. On her days off, she'd leave me (with a babysitter) though, go out to the bar at night and party.  I don't remember much of her, or that time in general. Since I never had a stable figure in my life (my father was a drunk. I visited him every other weekend), I developed somewhat of an attitude. Whenever I would piss her off or talk back, I usually got yelled at, or spanked. Being barely the only memories I have, they've affected me, even today. I've stopped myself from being able to cry because of her constantly making fun of me for crying. Be grateful you can cry. As I grew older and stronger, she changed the spanking to slapping me. At first it was just the arm, and lightly, but as she grew more confident, it became harder, and sometimes on the face. This has gone on to this day, and I flinch when anybody raises a hand. She started constantly talking about my weight, which has lead to many body issues.  When I entered my teen years, which is now (what I can remember the most), she's told me many times that I'm weird. I'm a freak. I don't dress right. Nobody's ever going to like me. I'm an oddity. I'm a lazy bitch, that I should go fuck myself, and other verbal sayings when she's angry, upset, or in a bad mood. She's threatened to take away my phone, computer, console, TV, multiple times, to which I've defended myself reminding her that I bought all of those things. Through all of this, she still gives me the world, but I don't know if her world is worth it. I'm gone in a year. Granted, I'm strong. I'm a lot stronger than I should be, but a lot of times I wonder if this is normal parenting, or abuse. I keep thinking I'm exaggerating, but looking back on it, every thing I've written has happened. I've provoked much of it, but does that make it right?
I'm transgender, and my parents rejected me. Whenever I'm close by and there's transgender news on the TV/internet, they say negative things, but when I'm away, they are silent, even when there's trans news on.
I was abused in every aspect of that word while growing up and have yet to get help for it *(although for the first time ever have finally at least considered it).* The reason being because I don't believe that a person can ever actually just get over something so traumatic, although I *want* to believe it is possible. This got me wondering about you guys, what you have been through, how you got through it, and if you still struggle. One more thing... One of the biggest roadblocks to healing that I believe there would be is not dealing with the past, but is actually knowing that the abusers are still out there, that they don't feel like they've done anything wrong, are completely unapologetic, and I still have to deal with them as an adult. Not sure how this part is a question, but maybe you can sift through and give me your thoughts. Thanks! 
So first of all, I've been seeing a therapist for that past couple of months and just... generally trying to figure out what's wrong with me. I'm medicated for generalized anxiety and depression, but I really think my issues run deeper than that. I KNOW for sure I've experienced abuse from other sources later on in life which I won't elaborate on now, but I can't tell if my home life is abusive. I know my parents love me and i sincerely believe they wouldn't abuse me /on purpose/ but I still wonder a lot. Was I abused, or am I just a sensitive, special snowflake looking for reasons for disorders I maybe don't even have?I think it's important to note that my father is a practicing psychiatrist. He is also an alcoholic. My mother and father both grew up in abusive homes to some extent, and I believe that my father does emotionally abuse my mother at least a little. It's also worth noting that I am very very far in the closet to my parents regarding my sexuality, religion, and gender identity.I was always extremely shy and withdrawn as a child. So much so that my teachers and parents of my classmates would grow concerned about me and my aversion toward social activities. My father put me on low dose fluoxetine at age 10 (though I remember having to take it intermittently at much younger ages like 4 or 5). In retrospect, that seems very fishy to me. Every other health profesional who I've told this to has acted surprised.My father has always had a temper. He does his best to control it, but he inevitably fails. Especially when he's been drinking. I remember one particular outburst when I was about 7 and after that point, I can recall being very concious of his temper and scared to confront him. To this day, I do not feel comfortable at all sharing my feelings with him or the state of my mental health. The only reason he's still my mental health care provider is that I'm scared of what he'll do if I seek out someone else (get angry and yell, guilt trip me, etc). If he can hold a grudge against me for not wanting to learn how to drive from him (i would cry and freee up on the road with him in the car), then I can only imagine the repurcussions of telling him I don't trust him to practice his own profession on me. He's still very much in control of my life in terms of finances and legal and medical matters even though I'm 21 years old. My parents gave me an extremely sheltered childhood (tiny private Christian school from ages 4 - 13, not allowed to listen to non-christian music). They also imposed strict filters on my internet access and I was made to believe that they could/did monitor my internet usage and what websites I visited at all times. I was made to go to "Awanas" (sort of like Bible Drill) and church choir for seven years and memorize bible verses every week not only for regular, but also for this extra curricular. Whenever I voiced that I wanted to quit, I was met with guilt tripping and hellfire/brimstone talk from my mother. I was met with similar responses when I told my parents that I no longer wanted to be enrolled at a Christian school. The only reason I didn't go to that school any longer than I did was that it didn't offer any grade levels beyond junior high. My mother also has tried to police how I dress , telling me that I can't get a certain haircut or wear certain clothes because it's "not feminine and won't attract men," (oh god forbid *rolls eyes*). She's criticized my weight as well in the past.When my anxiety regarding getting my driver's lisence resulted in me procrastinating my driving test until I was 18, my father threatened to take away my college funding (which had previously been assured to me), screaming at me, accusing me of being a liar, and telling me that I "wouldn't amount to anything," and would be better off joining some branch of the military rather than pursuing higher education because I was too stupid and unmotivated. When I did eventually start college, I was forced to major in Linguistics and pursue a minor in Comp Sci. Only when it became abundantly apparent that I am not cut out to work in math/science/computer related fields, was I allowed to pursue my actual goal of studying art. I'm still guilted for this, asked regularly what my plans are after graduation, and complained at for taking too long in school (even though my father was the one who made me take irrelevant classes for two years in the first place). When his temper gets out of hand like this and he later realizes he's in the wrong, he will pull me out of my room (or wherever I'm hiding from him), "apologize," (long winded explanation of why he isn't actually in the wrong and my fear/sorrow/anger is invalid and unwarranted) and then force me to sit with the family and watch TV until he's satisfied that I've accepted his apology and calmed down. If I can't calm down or I try to leave, he stops me and explains again why it isn't really his fault and makes me stay. I think it's kind of gas lighting? He does stuff like that all the time.My parents both also do this thing where, if they're planning on discussing an uncomfortable topic with me, they wait until I'm riding in a car alone with them. They wait until we're going 60 or 70 mph on a freeway to bring it up so I literally cannot escape without causing serious harm to myself. That always struck me as being shifty as hell and it makes me super uneasy. The last thing is.. Once when I was in high school, my mother asked me (in the car, of course) if I remembered ever being sexually abused as a child. I answered no because i don't remember anything of the sort ever happening. She explained to me that she was asking because she found some mildly disturbing photographs on my dad's computer where he stores family vacation photos. In the pictures, I was maybe 3 or 4 years old. Allegedly, I was naked except for a cheap, costume plastic-grass hula skirt, standing in a location indoors that my mother didn't recognize, crying. I never played dressup with my dad. He wasn't one to take pictures of family in mundane situations like dressup games. My memory of my childhood is patchy and foggy, but I don't remember that situation happening at all. She brought this up to me, told me she would ask my dad about it, and then never mentioned it to me again. I'm terrified to bring it up to her. It's been maybe 3 or 4 years since she originally mentioned it.Thank you, to anyone who bothered to read all of this. This is the first time I've really written it all down in once place, so I'm sorry if it's kinda jumbled. Maybe it's too detailed? I don't know. So yeah, thank you for reading.
Every time I argue with my mother I feel like she doesn't take my opinion in, or absorb what I'm saying is my defense or problem. Most of the time I'm with her I feel like I'm not happy or myself. When she takes me around, I either mess up, make a mistake, do something wrong or forget something, and she lashes out at me somedays, scolds me that I "know nothing but act like I know everything", somedays she calls me worthless, a piece of shit, etc. Whenever she's angry or tense, I feel afraid and stressed out. I come from a vietnamese family (families like this teach a lot of strictness and emphasize respecting your elders no matter what) and a lot of family says this is normal and not in any way abusive, but I don't know, some days I feel like I really am shit. And when she does yell at me, I feel the only way I can make her listen is if I actually have to describe her how I feel physically, because she never listens. I just need someone to talk to or listen.
Do you think it's abuse when say, you're talking to someone about a topic and they suddenly contradict you because they disagree, but it felt like they were being very blunt and a little overly-serious about it. I mention this because it happens very often with this person I know, and it feels like she's using her 'morality' as an excuse to contradict me. It feels like I'm being punished for speaking my mind, if you know what I mean.
Hey Reddit,I need to vent about some issues I have with my mother. I have had issues all my life, but for the first time I am realizing that they were most likely caused by things that parents did to me during childhood – things that I had been led to believe were normal and just a part of life. First off, both of my parents did a number on me, but I would just like to focus on my mother for this. And here we go:My entire life, she had a really short fuse that would result in her absolutely exploding over simple, “don’t sweat the small stuff” kind of things. She had a high stress job and had to raise me alone when my dad left when I was 14 (he was given an ultimatum by my mother – you need to choose between alcohol and this family. He chose alcohol).I spent my entire childhood basing my decisions and activities on what I thought my mother’s reaction would be. My friends would ask me go do typical teenage shenanigans. Nothing to serious, but enough for her to receive a phone call. I would refuse to go out and play ding-dong-ditch, because if she got a call I would have to go home and get screamed at by her. If I spoke t her in the wrong “tone of voice,” or said no when she “asked” me to do something, I would get screamed at. If I did anything that she thought was wrong, I would get screamed at. Slowly but surely the chipped away at my will. That and a whole host of other things.I can’t remember all the times she yelled at me, but one incident in particular I remember as clear as day: my friends and I were having trouble making plans and I kept going back to her with our plans until she finally said “would you make up your fucking mind!? You’re worse than a fucking woman!” My initial reaction was the same as all the other times, I just kind of froze and then cowered away like a scolded dog, but I didn’t realize until now how much it really hurt me.I am now 25 years old and still live with her, because I am unable to have any sort of relationship with other people – even friendships (I have never had close friends). I know I need to leave, and have tried leaving several times, but have always come back within a few months – including one situation where I was paying rent at another place but sleeping at her house. It’s almost like I have Stockholm syndrome and actually need her. I am afraid that if I lose her I will be alone (because I have no friends and struggle to make friendships). I am growing increasingly frustrated with this situation and am starting to rage at her and it is making my life hell.As a result of this, in my adult life, I have absolutely no self-confidence, self-esteem, or self-worth, partly because I was raised in a large codependent extended family where people who looked out for their own interests and goals first were viewed as selfish and greedy (“Family comes first,” “money is the root of all evil,” “rich people are dishonest and greedy,” “money can’t buy happiness,” etc.).When faced with a confrontational situation at work or in life, I break down and am unable to defend myself (which is weird seeing as how I am 6’3 320 lbs). I have no skills, no abilities, and I continually find myself settling for a below than mediocre life so that I cannot fail.Since my earlier teens I have resorted to self-medicating with large amounts of food and pornography. I eat until my body is in so much pain that my mind cannot focus on anything else.I have no identity and no idea who am because I am always apologizing and saying sorry to people when they don’t approve of me and this directs all of my actions in life. I have never done anything for me because I feel guilty.Anyways, I have three questions:1) Was this abuse? I have no idea because I was led to believe this was normal and a part of life.2) Is there any way for me to recover from these issues?3) Please share similar experienced and how you dealt with them.

I'll keep this brief and won't go into details.Ever since I remember, my parents have verbally abused me and slapped me. When I have a breakdown, they say I'm acting and sometimes laugh. They say that they're going to call a psychologist and the cops. They don't understand what drove me to this point. They try to spite me that saying that they provide for me. I feel so helpless even though I have huge goals and aspirations for my life. What can I do about my situation? I just want to be in a nurturing and supportive family and become the person that I want to be - the strongest version of myself.
(Throwaway account)So my partner and I have been together for a little over a year now but I suppose this has always been coming. Initially we got together after he left his partner of 4 years but said that his ex had been cheating. He said "I was using her tablet and her Facebook popped up and she was flirting with another guy."For the last few months it has got progressively worse. He's a police officer but has stressful days due to being under investigation. He comes home and I have dinner waiting for him (I am the same rank too but work daytime hours) but he walks off and doesn't even ask me how my day has been. He then goes on a rant all night about anything and everything until I might get a message from family or something. He then demands to know who it is and what it says. He accuses me of changing the names in my phone address book to hide something. He also told me to stop being friends with a guy I have known through work who I am not even attracted to. So I did but it doesn't stop the daily accusations. If I use whatsapp he asks "oh i see you were on at this time...who were you talking to?" I then stupidly show him all the messages to try and make him feel better. But it just feeds the monster (as he puts it).This all culminated recently where I was asleep for my early shift and he woke me up to demand to see my phone. I told him no and went to sleep. He then turned the light back on and said "If you don't show me you'll regret it." I rolled over and he punched me twice in the arm. I then went and slept on the sofa but he came in periodically at 1am, 3am, 5am either blind angry or almost in tears "Why do you make me this way?...You're going to tell people at work and get me fired." Yadda Yadda. So at 6am he came in and I woke up to him pouring water over my head and taking a gulp and then spitting it out over me. WTF?I then finally got up but had to call in sick as my commute is long and I hadnt slept. I then tried to sleep during the day but woke up to him screaming. I got out of the sofa and went to him...he has my phone in his hands and says "WHY HAVE YOU NOW GOT A FUCKING PIN CODE? WHAT ARE YOU HIDING?" I said "You have a pin code? So I have one now." With that he slapped me across the face and I fell over hitting my head on the wall. He then wrote me a 12 page essay as to why it was not only my fault but his ex partners and that if I tell anyone he will make up a story to get me in trouble at work too. It's a real shame as I love him but it's just too much now right?What should I do?

I (27f) blocked him (44m) every way I could. He continues to send creepy/threatening texts from numbers i dont know all intended to scare me. i dont respond and block them immediately. in the past i would get sucked in and respond trying to defend myself and it would eventually lead to us seeing one another again, him manipulating/seducing me (me allowing it!) and the cycle continued. This time I'm continuing to ignore him. One text was saying how happy he is with his new girlfriend and how he'll be working security at the concert my ex husband is playing at. (In the past he contacted my ex husband when we were talking about getting back together and told him hurtful intimate details about me.) I immediately called my ex husband and told him this information and he said he'd handle it by bringing two big friends of his with him and just try to avoid him at all costs...is there any more i can do to handle this situation?The last text I got was about how everyone is going to be staring at me at this wedding im a bridesmaid in in his hometown because he told everyone terrible things about me. and his new girlfriend (whom i was childhood friends with) will support him in all the claims against me. I'm freaked out and I dont know how to handle this. I contacted both the police and the courthouse and they cannot issue an order of protection without an arrest. I guess my question is how can i handle this? How do i behave at this wedding?
I'll give a little background so perhaps you can get a better feel for what I'm looking for. My brother is 21 and currently in a youth center awaiting a sentence, its looking good i think. The youth center is a helpful place for youths like him, only 12 kids in the house. Our mother was verbally, emotionally and physically abusive. Some days she was so good to us, and some days she ignored us for weeks. She had trauma in her life too I found out through our grandmother. He got kicked out of the house at 18. He was homeless for many years. I recently found out that he used craigslist ads for sex and I believe he did it while on the street to make money so he can eat. It was male and female, couples, bdsm stuff, anything he could find. He's not gay and has had gf's still to this day. If he was gay no problem and he knows that, but it goes to show how far he had to go away from himself to simply eat. This left deep scars I can see in his eyes. My brother lies a lot and embellishes which he is trying to change and I don't think he would ever admit this to me. I won't bring it up out of respect to his privacy. He likes to read. Any suggestions on inspiring books about people moving forward from this, coping with this etc. My brother sees the world as a dark place, and I don't blame him but  I want him to see it's not all like that. Any suggestions would be great.
so im 10 year old and my mom and dad r mean 2 me. so this happened last knight. i was in my room playing five nights at fredys and then my mom and dad came in my room. i new what they are going to do so i ran in my bathroom. my mom then knocked on my door and i said plz leave me alone the she said its okay i just want to talk 2 u so i opened my door than my dad graped me than he put on a little plastic thing and put it on is p______ then he put it in my mouth. i told him 2 stop as best as i could but he didnt. i got so scared. my mom just stood watching. then he took my pants off then my underware then he started putting his mouth on my p_____. it felt good but not when he made me put my mouth on his. so then after that he tried to put his p_____ in my butt but i started crying so hard. i than told him to stop plz but he didnt. when he started 2 put it in i started crying and started screaming. my mom told my dad that the niebors might here so then he stoped. he then told me that if i told anyone that he would kill me so im scared. what do i do? plz help
Before you tell your child they need pills to be normal, or balance their brain chemistry as adults and parents you owe it to your children to learn a bit about infant and toddler development and child guidance.  Take some psychology classes at a college and maybe even an anthropology primer. It would be 100% more effective than pills with all their side effects and risks of future harms for your children.  Using medication to control children hurts them just like beating them does, just like molestating them does.  Its abuse.  Children aren't developed enough yet to safely drug them.  Stop thinking about what you want them to do or not do and listen to your child...they know what the problems are...it might seem stupid to you but it isn't to them.
I currently live with my mum, my alcoholic drugged up aunt, and my cousin. My cousin is one year older than me. She and her mother stay up and be loud until the early hours of the morning, and complain when I have to open doors, have showers, and get ready for school in the morning. Usually they yell at my mum when this happens. But today, they decided to gang up on me when I was taking the cat around the side of the house (they have a dog that doesn't like her). Aunt opens kitchen door outside with cousin and both call me a bitch etc and insults and non true statements. I slam that door shut in her face, she opens and grabs hold of me by the wrists , practically cutting off circulation, and I tell her to get her f-ing hands off me about 5 times while she calls me a f-ng bitch, and shove her away, she continues everything and cousin joins in and shoves me out the door multiple times while I try to shut the door as not to let the dog near the cat, aunt opens it again and says "oh yeah slam the door again good idea, love to see you find someone to put up with that crap".I finally get door shut and go into the laundry where the cat is. Cousin screams that she can call the cops on me for physical assault (i'm 13), and that she recorded the whole thing with me slamming doors (  i slammed a door to protect a cat, going to jail :0   ).Both continue to verbally abuse me behind closed doors, bla bla bla, and eventually it ends.Oh, and this whole thing started because my cousin had a shower in the room right next to me at 10:00, and according to them, I shouldn't be "forced" to go to bed "early" at 9:30 on a school night, even though I have to get up at 6:00 the next day.They're definitely getting kicked out. Either that, or we'll get the police to arrest her for illegal possession of drugs. Not our problem.
I'm an 18 year old Egyptian university student. For as long as I remember, my father has been having his violence episodes, beating me or any of my siblings, its been evolving as we grew older and our mother used to encourage him to hit us, as in to make us obey as if we were some sort of wild animals? Anyway, my mother in the past few years has been verbally oppressing my father's physical violence against me and my siblings(a brother and a sister, both older than me). A little background about my father, he's the elder brother among 5, he's been always the one taking care of them, even though they never needed care but that's what he was, and yet is doing as his father taught him to. My father used to let his siblings' children try to hit us, usually me and my brother, but we usually fought back so he beat us, my father's family is awful, ranging from my uncle who's known for his scams to a far relative who's a drug dealer. My father is a kind man towards people, but not us. He flows his money like a river to his siblings and his friends(even if none of them is in need) but not us, he's always saying "its enough for you the good life you're living" which is something that my uncle tells my father about us, we are not the perfect children, nor my mother is the perfect wife, my mother suffered my father's family rage tha they caused her to have 4 miscarriages, two of then they poisoned her and my father did nothing even if he knew, he's always a coward with his siblings, and relatives. Also my mother is very sick . but nothing justifies his actions. He cuts money from us because he spend it in his siblings and such. I'm mentioning money because that's his 24/7 excuse that we "cost" a lot. He had gained like over 8million pounds, thanks to my mother's proposed investment. He literally wasted them in less than a month, the only thing that we saw that came out of that money was his new Mercedes, which costed like just 800K. He's always raging over money. And always pours that rage on us. I was always obedient, until the day I walked in to find him trying to hit my sister for not cleaning his room, I lost my mind and push him away from her calling him insane, he did walk away and came back later trying to beat me but I told him that beating me up is just temporary pain, so he scarred me with his nails while punching me. Later on, he's got my brother close to him with money, months go by and bit by bit my brother is changing into a more developed version of my father, he's been trying to fight with me and beat me up but sometimes I stop him or fight back, I honestly broke his finger once. He also recently insulted our mother, Anyway, I don't hate my father, hate is too much effort. I just don't know what to do. I really try jot to give a fuck to his shit but sometimes it gets me as he's trying to make me drop out of college which is my only hope in a life far from him, I want to graduate, get a decent job somewhere and take my mother to live with me, I'm not even sure that she'd be able to see me graduate. I know what I've said was much and thank you for reading.
When I was little my dad was very, very abusive. Most of the time I would witness it happen to my older siblings or little brother, but I still got my fair share too. Physical & Mental. Over the years he had mellowed out a bit, but still has anger issues and raises his voice from time to time. Thats what triggers the flashbacks. No matter who it is, if someone raises their voice I get an episode. I basically get an anxiety attack along with flashbacks of the abuse.So tonight I was watching a movie and the family reminded me of mine when I was little. Rich family with an abusive father when there is money trouble, a mother who just takes the abuse and doesn't really defend her children either, and a little innocent girl who can't do anything right and terrified of her own father. I couldn't helped it and I didn't even realize that I had started to cry. She tried to hide but couldn't. That was me.
I (F 29) have been with my husband (M 33) for a total of six years. We now have a 2.5 y/o daughter. But, I think he's abusive and I'm constantly stressed and just want some outside opinions on this, please!Summary of Evidence: He gets very angry, often at little things (like, getting up in the morning when our daughter is crying). He usually wants me to take care of stuff like this, and if I don't, he'll call me a bitch, a cunt, a fat fuck (that's fun, after I gained 50 lbs being pregnant), etc. He had a psychotic break a few months ago, and during that, barricaded me out of the house at 2 in the morning, in the midwestern winter, in my pajamas, no keys, phone or wallet. The next night he was being kept overnight in the hospital and called me in the middle of the night, demanding that I come get him because the conditions were intolerable (they wouldn't turn the light in his room off).He essentially refused to look for work for 9 months while I supported us. If I was working from home and needed him to watch our daughter for an hour so I could call into a meeting, I would get called a nag, a cunt, bitch, etc. At one point our daughter started saying 'bitch' because she heard it so much.Has grabbed my arm so hard it bruised; about six weeks ago he also got drunk during a rare night out, got mad at me, and shoved me into a flower bed. I had a bruise the size of a baseball on my thigh for 3 weeks.He's insulted my friends so many times they don't want to hang out with him anymore, which means they don't hang out with me either.Every time he gets mad, he will calm down and profusely apologize, and give me the "I'll never do it again I love you so much" crap. He'll buy me expensive gifts that I don't want or need. This all has been going on for a long while, and has been very intense the past two years. The last time he got really explosive was about 6 weeks ago, but he travels about 70% of the time for work, so we aren't spending as much time together recently.So, this is bad, right? Why am I having such a hard time admitting this to myself?    **tl;dr**: I think this is abuse. It is, right?
I am trying to find help for a 14 (almost 15, in a week) year old girl who is being abused in Pasco. She has runaway 9 times now and is currently on the run because she's terrified to return to the place she's being abused.The CPI assigned to her case is convinced she's lying, since the abuse is kept 'invisible' (no visible marks left, a great deal of emotional abuse). Several other individuals involved have seen how terrified the girl is though, but it's out of their jurisdiction or hands.The adoptive mother (and abuser) it's making out anyone helping the girl to be criminals. If forced to return home she'll be hit, and I fear it may escalate.The girl recently terrifiedly admitted to being sexually assaulted by the adoptive mother's boyfriend on top of it all and begged not to go back because she was afraid he might do it again.I don't know what to do. We're trying as much as we can, but the police just want to put her back there and the CPI wants to ignore the problem.


Forgive me if I haven't replied to your messages. Forgive me for not being able to help. But I cannot help while I'm in the need of help. I've been diagnosed with PTSD due to my abusive relationship 7 years ago. 7 years and it still haunts me.Forgive me if you've tried to reach me for help. Sometimes, the smallest thing can trigger an anxiety and/or panic attack. Something like a song, a look from a stranger, a smell. I want to help, but I've become too scared of even reading the headlines of this subreddit.I wish I could help you, but doing so has become too frightening for me. I'm getting help through meds and cognitive therapy. I wish I could help.
[Hello! This is a throwaway account and I'm sorry if this is in the wrong /r/. I'm still semi-new and I'm just not sure where to post it! Also, I'm sorry if this is poorly written, I'm just freaking out]My dad, whom I have a very shitty relationship with, called me today. I haven't talked to him in months, so I decided to answer. He asked me how I am, how work is going, etc. Out of the blue, he asked me if my step-brother ever hurt me and if that was the reason why "I never came back to visit". I was really confused and said, 'no'. To be honest, I don't remember a lot from my childhood, especially visiting my dad. I talked to my mom about it and I mentioned what my dad had asked me. She told me that one day, when I was a kid (maybe 8 or 9?) I came home from spending the weekend at my dad's, covered in bruises. My older brother asked me what happened and I told him that our step brother (who was around 16-18 at the time) hit me. I don't remember this happening. At all. I really don't think I would lie about something like that. But, when my mom was telling me this, I started sobbing because I couldn't remember this happening.Also, when I was around 10, I came home from my dad's and I cried to my mom and begged her not to ever make me go back to my dad's house. I don't know what would have happened, but it's really freaking me out that I can't remember. Could I be repressing potential abuse from my step-brother? I just thought it was weird that my dad asked me that out of the blue. Any help/advice would be appreciated.

I'm 19 years old. A girl. I have a rocky relationship with my dad. He's a sociopath. When I was in 2nd grade, I used to not be able to see my dad. I would cry and scream each time it was his turn to have me for the weekend (my parents are divorced). I couldn't hug him. And I still cannot hug him without feeling queer to this day. He's a manipulator. But I don't know why I couldn't be alone with him. It scared me and it made me feel bad. I would play the Sims whenever I visited. I would dress my sims up in cute outfits, and my dad would push me to dress them up in something sexier. My mom said he would write porn stories. Claims that when he worked in a hospital, a lady asked him to massage her breasts to make sure they were still fine after she had 3rd degree burns. He also is a porn addict. My mom said that when I was in preschool, I told my teacher that he touched me "there." I just found this out today. I don't know what to do. I don't remember it but I was like 4 years old when it happened. Are there options to remembering this?
I had been in an abusive relationship for two years.He has called me a cunt, a selfish bitch, a whore, that I'm just trying to get attention and seek out other people (when I would put on cute clothes or wear make up). He's told me I'm psychotic, jealous, insecure...worthless, an idiot, incapable of holding a conversation. He tells me he can't be with me for numerous reasons.He would tell me he's leaving me. That he can find someone better. That my passions and dreams are something anyone could do and that I am not talented. He would break up with me constantly, leaving me begging him to stay, trying to show him all of the good things. Then he would want to "make love" or have me go down on him because that's how he felt love...And then he would leave me again. I have become so terrified of him leaving and so desperate for him to just love me.He broken my phone. He's thrown me against walls and hit me. Spit on me. He even pee'd in the toilet and started throwing my clothes in it once. He's broken my things, threatened to call the cops on me, chased me around with an electric drill, tried to chase my cat outside with a broom and terrorized her while she hid in the cabinets, banging the broom on the ground over and over again. He has driven like a crazy person with me in the car, jerking the wheel and threatening to leave me on the side of the road. On the highway once, he even pulled into the area by an on ramp and threatened to leave me there, in the middle of the highway.For two years he has torn me apart, and when I leave, he just drags me back in. Just to throw me away once he has me.I am so miserable. I hadn't spoken to him in days, I changed my number, blocked his emails. I moved myself and my cat to a safe place that he doesn't know about. I have been spending so much time with my family and friends. I'm seeing a therapist and working towards bettering myself and getting over this trauma. And I get a message from him in my trash that said "I'm thinking about you. Hope you're doing well." And that's when it all started again. I started talking to him and he roped me back in, giving me hope. Making me think we could work it out, only for him to tell me he wants to stay single and that we can never be together again. After he told me that he missed me and misses being with me. That he loves me...and now he treats me as if I am absolutely terrible and unlovable. That I'm the last person he would want to be with. That it's clear we can never be together-after he contacted me.When I left after he beat me, took out all of the light bulbs, broke the curtain rods, tore down the curtains, and took the blinds off of the windows, I had blocked him and didn't want to see him again. He kept emailing me and telling me to meet him at a hotel. He said that he had bought a shotgun to commit suicide (he had been suicidal the whole time we were together and I finally just said do it because I couldn't take it anymore), and he said that I saved him. That my kindness and love helped him through, and that he didn't want to lose me.Only to throw me away again.And I know that it isn't logical, but something in me wants to make it work. And I feel so hopeless and worthless. Like I'm stuck. And I was doing just fine weigh no contact until he reached out and said those things.It's like he won't let me move forward. And I don't understand. He wants me, but he doesn't want me. And it's tearing me apart. I am so devastated and broken.And the worst part is he can't even admit it to himself. He gets angry and tells me I'm calling him a "woman beater" and all of these things. But he doesn't even see the damage he causes. How he has treated me. Somehow it is all my fault. He constantly blames everything on me and calls me jealous. It's because of my "jealousy" that he has had to leave me and be this way.I feel so empty and alone. And I just want to move on, but I feel like he keeps dragging me in.I don't know what to do anymore...I feel so lost....
Hello, everyone. I'm really feeling down in the dumps today and I would like the opportunity to express my story. First, I know that people have had much more rough than me, but I feel I have no where else to turn to. Let's begin.My childhood was pretty good, I would have to say. I had loving parents that sheltered me from the world. However, when I came to middle school I was bullied tremendously for three years. I was in the gifted program. I was a shy, gentle kid. Socially awkward, but I always tried to be amiable with everyone. In my classes (gifted students stay together in the same classes every year), there was a boy named Patrick who I tried to befriend on the first day of class. I thought we got along the first day, but soon after he would torment me. He would curse me out, tell me I was worthless, tell me I was a fag, that I was a gay prick that no one wanted to be around. If it was one person, I could handle it. I could have fought him, I could have defended myself. It didn't matter though as all my classmates except a select few tormented me. I remember trying to strike a conversation with one of them in 6th grade to only be told that "just because I will talk to you doesn't mean I am your friend". Hell, I remember the teacher joining in one time. My own science class teacher told me to stop acting "so gay". Everyone laughed. So, this continued for a while and it got worse and worse. I learned to stand up for myself. I got in a few fights, but it still continued. I never really knew what I did to my classmates. It got to the point that in my 8th grade dance I busted out crying to my mom, telling her that I wanted to kill myself. She soon got therapy for me, but besides this my parents were not there for me. I don't blame them, my mom's father passed away during this time, so she was drinking herself to death to cope. Oh, the times she passed out in the bathroom. So lovely.Enter high school. Due to my trauma, I had difficulty connecting to people. I took a lot of drugs to cope. I did more or less everything, especially opiates. Opiates are wonderful things. Living in Broward Country, they sometimes were cheaper than Weed and felt 10x better. Whenever I was on them, my problems would drift away. I used to hang out a group that eventually was caught stealing guitars from one of their father's house so they could pawn it for drug money. I did not partake in this as I already knew how stupid it was. This was the breaking point for me to realize I needed to have a better life. I reflected on that if I did not leave now, I might end up in prison someday due to their idiocy. I had one really good friend, Alex, an illegal immigrant from Chile. He was the only one who was there for me when shit hit the fan. I remember when I doing drugs that he would tell me I was screwing up my life, that I had potential and I was making bad decisions. He was the only one who cared enough to help me when I decided to quit doing drugs. He was there for me when I tried to pick myself up from the hole I dug. I owe him more than I can ever give for believing in me.Fast forward now, I am in college studying Astrophysics. Hell, I am having a string of good luck now. I got an internship at Harvard to do research over the summer with them. I remember walking down a quiet hallway once I heard the news that I got in and felt like crying. I came to the realization that I could make something of myself, that I prove everyone who treated me terribly that they were wrong. That I was worth living, that I was worth a damn.It is still rough though. It leaves a lasting impression. For example, I still have difficulty talking to women. For a while, I felt a stinging pain when I would see people interact in a flirtatious manner with women. I always felt so dejected that it would lucky if a women ever saw anything in me. I know these thoughts are irrational, but after having years of experience of being told by women you are hideous and ugly it gets to you.Overall, I am trying to love myself more. Thank you for listening to what I had to say. I really needed to vent today.

So my friend T, my brother's girlfriend J and my therapist have all told me that my family is emotionally abusive. J lived with my mom and stepdad and I for two years, and she pointed this out one night. I asked how, and they explained that I was constantly being demeaned (I am, due to choosing to be a European Studies major instead of a lawyer or doctor), my opinions were always passed over for those of my younger brother (who is 17, and not very bright), my stepdad literally hasn't spoken to me except to yell at me pretty much since we met fifteen years ago, my mom, who used to stick up for me all the time, now adds a lot of caveats ("You're right, but you should see it from his side. He paid for you to eat this month, and you ate the last bit of dinner, and he wanted seconds.")I don't know what emotional abuse is. I just figured all families spend their time like this, and if you're the dark sheep of the family, you get treated like this, especially if you have bipolar and Asperger's and the family thinks the solution to mental health is to tough it out.My last two relationships were like this: long periods of time where she wouldn't talk to me, followed by me pleading to talk with her, followed by her giving short, monosyllabic answers or not being willing to talk about anything. B, my current not-a-relationship? is a longtime abuse victim, and she, right after admitting she was romantically/sexually interested in me, stopped talking to me through phone/Skype and now we are literally talking about having nothing to talk about, something I find intrinsic to the text format.L left me after 2.5 years because she made out with another guy and decided I wasn't worth her time. B has told me that she likes me, but there's another guy close to where she lives (I am 200 miles away and we both need Need NEED physical touch, something I haven't had for 4 years without asking) but she swore never to date him again, although they have sex when she's drunk (something I don't mind because I am a 27yo virgin.) What I am saying is, is this emotional abuse? I feel unhealthy and paranoid and angry, so angry, and I don't know what to do... I literally want to either choke on air or catch fire.

This is not a throw away account as to be open and honest about the relationship.TL;DR Am I trapped in a abusive relationship? Are there any male support groups in or around the Salt Lake area? WTF can I do? By this point you really could have just start reading the post. Seriously you are still reading the TL;DR?Its long but its hardly a simple topic though is it. In the post I have tried to explain both sides of the situation so please take the time to read before jumping to conclusions. Who knows I might be wrong, this is why I'm asking :) thanks for your time.Hi peoples of the internet for some context on the situation the history is here.[Previous post] (https://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/2zeaey/3rd_time_lucky_xpost_from_tifu_and_relationships/)After the incident above I decided that I should still give her the benefit of the doubt and believe the best until proven wrong. I was going to talk to her regarding what she said, why she said it and be open and honest with her.For those of you who have already predicted the out come of that it did indeed go epically wrong. She threatened to have our marriage annulled, have me thrown out of the country and as several redditors on the previous thread warned me would happen she even wanted to get the cops involved.This resulted in me leaving for a week. I checked into a hotel and used some of my emergency savings to get some space and look at planning my trip back to the UK. During this time she apologised a lot and showed genuine remorse for the things that happened and were said. She explained how she felt worthless and out of control so that was her way of trying to appear like she mattered. She also committed to getting therapy and taking steps to get help with her anger issues. We agreed to do couples therapy so that we could work on the issues together as opposed to it just being her seeking therapy.I thought it was nice to support her and everyone can use some help and who knows what I might be doing with out knowing.This sadly did not last long. Her anger issues are genuine and stem from some sever childhood incidents of which don't need to be discussed here. During the past couple of months I have continued to work to support us and pay the therapy etc. The therapist has requested she seek anger counseling and given her lots of information with that but she refuses as soon as the session is over. He wanted her to go seek help through Intensive Out Patient treatment for a week or two to help get her stable again and she still refuses. Now she is refusing the couples therapy.Now my savings are gone again having paid for the therapy. She won't finalize the green card paperwork so I can't become legal leaving me trapped in a weird semi legal limbo. This forces me into very low paying jobs that will hire me without a SSC number so makes it incredibly hard to support the two of us even with the 3 jobs I'm working. This causes her to get even more angry with me because I work so much and don't earn enough.Now I know it isn't a physically abusive relationship. I'm 6'5 and a rugby player, she is 5 ft and not athletic. This is for context and not a declaration that men can't get physically abused its just not in this case. What I have found recently happening though is she will just start shouting and I find myself recoiling. This is both hurtful and shameful to me. I have stood in the face of huge people who have been threatening all kinds of nastiness and gone no where. Had crowds of people chanting abuse and not back down. But a small 5 ft woman can shout at me and I start to crumble. I retreat inwards and It leads to a vicious cycle of apologising for upsetting her and causing her anger, which makes her more angry that I am apologising, then leads to even more anger that I don't know what to say in case I upset her further and I don't want that either. Its like trying to hug a wolverine, if the wolverine was made out of cheese graters and lemon juice.I know she has issues stemming from her childhood, I was aware of this and have know her over 15 years. These are not news to me and I have always been supportive of them. I have been through a lot of the same issues after both my parents passed away when I was younger. There are good times and bad times and they are all uniquely different depending on what has triggered them. Right now though I genuinely think I am making the situation worse and the cause of her anguish. For all the help, support and love that I give the relationship it just makes her angrier.   * If I work more to earn money I'm not spending enough time with her.   * She doesn't have enough money for the lifestyle she was accustomed to from her very well of family ($200+ a month on just nails apparently) so this makes her angry.   * She is to stressed to work so can't earn enough to finalize my green card paper work. Also believes I will leave her and stay in the USA as soon as the paper work is completed so feels threatened and scared.   * Won't let me have any friends over here because she believes that I should only need her.   * Not allowed to go out because its inappropriate for a married couple to go out without both people being there. Never wants to go out.   * Has shut herself off from her friends except for her ex boyfriend who she has now got to move in to the house (3 other people living in the house too). She is really hurt if we argue and he is around as she hates him (and by proxy her friends) to know we aren't doing well. I don't at any point think she has romantic ideas towards him in the slightest any more.   * Regularly just denies reality. Either things that have just happened haven't happened etc but just shouts until everyone kind of just accepts it and backs away.   * Has had screaming episodes (I don't really know what to call them) where she has been shouting that she will ruin our life and the day (I don't know why ruining the day after she has ruined our life would be more of a threat though?) and that I am making her do this.It is heart breaking to watch her slip away and the stress of everything crush her and I have no idea how to stop it or help her. By not leaving I used up all the last bits of money I had paying for her therapy to try and help but I think my presence and living in a room in a shared house is just forcing her to confront problems she is just unable to deal with and the stresses of being married and building a new life.So I don't know I guess I am kind of trying to use you wonderful lot as a support group instead. Is anyone going through anything like this at the moment? are there any support groups around for this sort of thing? Am I actually making it worse for her? Am I just being fooled from the previous time and I should try and figure out a way to get back to the UK where I have a place to stay? If I do leave how do I do it so that I don't make things worse for her? If I do leave how the hell do I actually get back to the UK?(In a shitty hologram) Help me people of Reddit, you're my only hope.
they don't have any money, phone, transportation, or nearby family or friends? If the abuser takes away their victim's money, phone, and transportation, what can the abused person do to escape?
My mother used to slap my face and tell me I was a "fucking failure."  I've read about abuse and I'm not sure if I fit the criteria.  Please help me work through this.  She would hurt me and I remember at one point when I was afraid to go home because she would just slap me and cuss me out.  She didn't do it a lot; only a few times but I feel like I keep making excuses for her.  If I ever told anyone my teachers would tell me how ungrateful I am.  I still remember the sting on my face as tears rolled down my red cheek.  Please help me determine whether I was abused or not.  Thank you.
I've been wanting to seek advice or at least tell someone about this. My mother used to be a beautiful loving one, at least she showed it, but the alcoholic tendencies are bringing up abuse from *her* past. She has no job and would rather sit around all day and drink, buying little $.49 trinkets at any little yard sale or dollar store she can (she is hoarder as well) and she will complain how "when my father gets home from working two jobs that he is so tired all he can do is lie on the couch" - because she doesn't have a job my father is left supporting my sister, my brother and I, all above the age of 16.  I'm 18, no job and I can't drive. My mother has already broken down my locked door with a hammer and came after me, I'm fucking terrified of this insane woman. She threatens divorce (to take things like his car, which is signed in her name) so my father can't do a whole lot. (I suppose the advice would be to get a job, but how can I do that with no car and no emotional stability?) Please give any advice you see necessary. Thanks. 

So this account will become a throwaway after this.I needed to tell this story because honestly, I have no one to tell it to.  I can't afford therapy; and the idea of paying someone to show me sympathy seems like prostitution, only twice as expensive and just as fake.Until I was three, I adored my father.  It was only after a few beatings that I learned he wasn't so great.  By the time I was four, I learned that he was pretty much a piece of shit.Also, by this time, I had a physical injury (burns) from an accident that was unrelated.  This made me more tolerant to physical pain.Also, by this time, I had almost accidentally drowned twice, so as an adult, I'm not scared of dying.Anyways...My dad is/was a passive aggressive piece of turd.  Basically a toddler.  If he doesn't get people to treat him like he's on a pedestal, with deference, if he doesn't get people to read his mind and mood to find out exactly what his needs are, he'll punish them.  Family members, mostly, because who're they going to tell, right?He treated us all callously.  More than once I remember seeing a sick twisted smile on his face as I got a beating.  That narrowed eyed glint of pleasure from his usually expressionless face.Belts, hands, whatever.By the age of seven, due to a direct consequence of a harsh punishment, I got molested by the same person who molested my two best friends (and later, a third).  This person and another went on to rape me within a month.I acted out more at home, and my father became worse.  He'd treat my mom and sister worse as well.In order to protect them from the physical punishments (the silent treatments and passive aggressive bullshit notwithstanding), I took the brunt of it on myself, beatings they would never know about.  Things got worse in puberty.  I read that narcissists can be threatened by a same sex child's growth into puberty and adulthood.  Beatings, and a whipping.  I stayed silent most of the time.  Most of the stuff no one knew about and I was good at keeping it to myself; why bother anyone?I took it as a point of dark twisted pride that for most of these, I didn't flinch of make a sound.  I was around thirteen when things were at their worst.At fifteen I punched him back for the first time, and the beatings stopped as he glared at me and walked away winded.  I felt bad, but whatever.Throughout this time, and for the next five years or so, silent treatments spanning a month to a year were the norm for slight indiscretions (eg. not saying hi or hugging him when he came home).Now I'm an adult.  Mid twenties.The memories of getting molested surfaced when I was 18.  I didn't know how to ask for help, because I've never asked for anyone's help before.  Instead I pushed aside my only real friends I've had since I was 6 at this time.  Annd I've done it alone ever since.  I haven't had a friend for seven years.I've never had to ask anyone for help, I solved or did not solve all my adolescent and childhood problems by myself.I don't think people are worth anything.  I might as well be dead, and no one would flinch or care or probably even notice.  Why should I give a fuck about anyone else?All I care about is my career goals, but under the surface I'm desperately lonely.  I feel it every day, and the fleeting aquaintences I find at work and out in the world mean absolutely nothing when the weekend rolls around.Even when I do hang with people, they're not really my friends, and its not like I'll ever trust anyone or ask anyone for help again, so fuck that.  Its not even worth getting out of bed for.So now that I'm older, I confront my parents.  My mom tells me it was my fault I made my dad angry.  She changed over the years, acquiescing to the psychological pressure, I guess.  She's not the same person she was.  Being screamed at for not doing exactly as you're told by a scumbag will probably do that.My sister thinks I'm a psychopath and tells me I imagined everything.I keep it quiet still, the part about me taking on all that pain to protect them from it; either they don't believe me or they don't care.No one would ever believe my dad did what he did.  I confronted him about one specific occasion that stands out in my mind, he told me I deserved it.  I flipped, "Are you fucking kidding me?"He immediately, after that, denied that it ever happened, denied ever saying I deserved it.  This happened within a 15 second timespan.My mom didn't believe me, or so she says, even though she was listening to the entire conversation from the top of the stairs.Soo, yeah.  I'm an adult who feels himself drifting more and more towards misanthropy.  Help me.

i have a history of abuse under my parents and other people, but my girlfriends' situation with **her** parents troubles me greatly.for context: she is 19 (nearly 20), only child, low self-esteem (we'll get to that), has a history of self harm, approval-seeking, and we think she has OCD (we'll get to that)we've been together four years (two according to her parents, we met online and they wouldn't approve of that) they think i'm no-good and that i'm lazy and i want everybody to do everything for me (i am schizophrenic and struggle to do things for myself as you can imagine, they do not believe people under 60 get mental illness and that you just want attention) they think i am horrible and manipulative towards my girlfriend.she has spent most of her life with her parents, only moving to university when she was 18 where we eventually met in real-life. we were really happy together when we lived with my parents/by ourselves (age 18-19, i am/was 17-18) but her parents don't see that. they want me to get a job or be kicked out of i stop persuing mental health help (which i have no intention of doing) we now live with my girlfriends' parents and we're very hesitant around each other, shy, reclused, etc.i've noticed her mother in particular is very horrible towards her as well as two-faced. for example, my girlfriend will put on certain clothes,  and her mother will tell her it doesn't look nice on her (when it does) making excuses like the color washes out her pale skin tone (which they don't) and making her change, to the point of she now wears shirts with very little design on and nearly the same pair of jeans everyday. my girlfriend has become visibly upset over this, and i've been helping her to pick out "better" (i sue the term loosely) clothes, which suit her but her mother would "approve" of. she can be contradictory in statements saying that one thing she thinks is good, then the next day saying that thing is bad. she's also vegan, as are/were we, and she's very "yeah, enjoy your dead meat" to all of her friends who mention going out to meals, which is a little bit unrelated but it gives you the idea of what sort of person she can be. we feel like these sort of comments have lead her to develop OCD, such symptoms including ordering things, making sure everything is near perfect, including cleaning and seeking constant approval (asking me if something she does is ok, asking me a million times if her clothing looks ok, etc), if she taps something with one hand, she has to "even it out" with the other hand, she gets agitated if things aren't "perfect" or "on point" and similar. do you think this sort of thing constitutes as abuse? emotional, manipulation, etc? we aren't sure but her mother acts similarly to how my mom does who is also manipulative and verbally/emotionally abusive. any help would be very appreciated, thank you!
Every time that I get a lower grade then my parents expect, don't apply for a job my parents want me to apply to, sleep late, etc., my parents tell me that "the world doesn't revolve around you", that "that's like saying the dog ate your homework," that "you'll end up collecting garbage," etc. 
For a long time I didn't know there was anything wrong with the way my dad treated me. I took a psychology course this year, my freshman year at college, and that's when I started getting suspicious. Now, after much research, I understand that I have been mistreated and I don't know what to do. I'm not telling all of this for the purpose of sympathy, I simply want someone who's more wise? Or experienced? With this stuff than me to give me some advice. My dad hasn't done anything physically violent since last semester (we were arguing about whether swearing is morally wrong and he pushed me into a wall hard enough to bruise my spine and held me by the neck tightly enough that breathing was a little difficult, and kept doing it until I stopped struggling) and he isn't usually violent. He's pushed me in that manner maybe 3 or 4 times in my life, and slapped me only a few times in response to what he said at the time was disrespect? I can't remember. He polices my clothing and accuses me of trying to be a whore if I don't meet his standards. He grabs a butt cheek in his whole hand and twists painfully, and accuses me of being too sensitive when I beg him to stop, because he isn't doing it to be sexual (which I believe). He won't let me get a job. He accuses me of "dictating to the family" if I, as a 19 year old, express my opinion about any decisions on what to do/eat/watch, and accuses me of messing up everyone's lives. He guilts me over the fact that he's paid for my food and clothes all my life, and the fact that he's paying a few thousand a year that my extensive academic scholarships don't cover. He's told me I can't marry the man I love until after college because he won't pay for it/I won't have his blessing/it's stupid. He manipulates me, threatens me, disrespects my mother, constantly makes misogynistic statements toward me or women I admire, brags about how he would handle "difficult" women on tv shows, has temper tantrums, slams things around, and gets in my personal space during arguments, waving his arms and screaming at me. It's gotten so that I feel like I'll throw up and I start shaking if I anticipate that I've done something that will anger him. On the other hand, he daily tells me he loves me and is proud of me, and he is generous and many times kind. He is protective if anyone else tries to hurt me, or if there's even a chance that they could. He tries to give helpful advice and he works very hard to provide for the family. He always apologizes if you manage to make him see that he hurt you, and he'll try not to do it again. He makes funny jokes and he's compassionate toward others who have been mistreated. He even was indignant at some stress caused to one of my friends by her parents, minutes after he'd made me cry. I don't understand any of this, and I don't know what to do. Should I leave? How would I then pay for college? Should I stick it out and just suffer through the few months I have to be home until college starts again? What would you do? And please, keep in mind that this is usually no more than 5 upsetting incidents a day, and on a good day there may be none. I've tried to be as honest and accurate as possible because I want an answer as straight as the information I've given. Thank you!
Apperently she's been drinking for a while and I am really confused and scared for what I should do she is only 13 and she said she does it because she doesn't "feel" anything anymore and that she doesn't like anything she used to. Please someone tell what to do because I'm really scared... She got drunk today and I don't know what to do or how to do it and I really don't want to get taken away by child services
I broke up with abusive girlfriend last week and haven't spoken to her. I've completely ignored every text. I just got a text yesterday and she said that she has ovarian cancer. The last time i spoke to her was on Friday. So between Friday and Monday she's been diagnosed with cancer. I feel like a jerk for thinking she's lying, but it seems like she is. In the text she said: "I've been diagnosed with ovarian cancer. I went to the hospital on Monday and they did a MRI. That is probably why I have been being so horrible to you. I'm sorry, but now I know why I have been so mean"Edit: update: Yeah so the update is she said she had an appointment for a Monday. On that Monday night, I asked "how did it go?" & she said "what?" She then told me that the doctors office called her and made her reschedule it for two weeks out. Then she told me a few days after that she was going to go to the appointment the next Wednesday. Wednesday came and I once again asked her how it went. Then she said "oh, I was too busy today and couldn't go, I'll reschedule"
I (18f) just told my cousin (24m) about something I've been having a really hard time with. Let's call him Brian. Three years ago I started going out with a guy that I'll call Jason. Jason was two years older than me, and was my first boyfriend. I dated him for nine months, and to be honest it was awful. He emotionally abused me, threatening to kill himself if I left him, isolating me from other friends, and constantly putting me down saying that I'll never get anything better than him and that I basically belonged to him. He also didn't know what the word "no" really entailed when regarding physical 'intimacy', if you could even call it that. He never raped me, but he would coerce me into doing things for him, and letting him touch me. I thought that it was normal. He said he loved me and wouldn't let anything hurt me.I broke up with him two years ago, and started seeing someone who I'll call Jeff (now 18m). I thought Jeff was going to just be a temporary rebound. I was extremely depressed at the time, and tried to do /anything/ to forget what happened. Jeff could hardly touch me the first three months we were together because I would just freeze up and cry. I didn't like anyone touching me without warning, even in a non-sexual context. I felt so fucked up. Thankfully, Jeff had the amazing patience to help me with that phobia. and I'm doing better with that now. we've been together for over two years.But I'm still scared. I'll have nightmares about men trying to use me and coerce me into sex. I constantly think about what happened, and did it really even happen? Because it's like I'm the only one who truly knows what happened. I constantly feel shame and confusion regarding this, and it makes me feel like I'm damaged goods.I asked Brian yesterday if he could keep a secret. He said yes, he loves me and would always listen to what I had to say. So I told him (all via text because we live far away from each other). I was terrified but relieved at the same time when he replied. he told me it wasn't my fault, and that he wants to see me in person/talk on the phone really soon about it.The thing is.. I feel awful. I feel like I just dumped this on him.. I feel ashamed and weak and sad even though I feel happy that he replied so thoughtfully.What's wrong with me ?
I posted this on /r/anger in reply to a guy who had, in so many words, issues with his parents. This is from my own experience and with love from the some of the Deepweb's nicer (that being a relative term) anarchists. Use this if you have an abusive parent or simply need to escape for any reason. Please let me know for any additions, corrections or miscellaneous edits. Godspeed.Always ensure that you can still communicate freely, and have a decent-sized hiding place for important objects (and, if you have that kind of parent, yourself) that they don't know about. You will probably never need it, but it's always good to have.For example: a square cut in drywall in the back/side of a closet with a razor blade (or similar extremely sharp and narrow blade) can serve as a good hiding place if you can insert some kind of shelving and aren't too squeamish about insects and possibly rodents.If you have a yard and a little time, a plastic box can be dug into the ground somewhere where it won't be found. This provides considerably more safety than a location indoors, as your room is more likely to be searched than the yard dug up, although this comes at the cost of accessibility.In a pinch, you can use the Tor browser to find various hidden resources on the Darknet/Deepweb on how to conceal things. These methods are meant to be used for things like drugs, underground literature (i.e. copies of *The Anarchist's Cookbook*) and weaponry, but they'll do just as well for some cash, a spare cell phone (with CPS on speed dial) and whatever else you need, such as some food and a few bottles of water.Avoid spots like under the bed and behind furniture. Even a parent in a senseless rage will remember these classic spots, and a snooping mother will easily find more obvious indoor hiding spots. It is recommended to avoid tearing up your house to place an emergency kit, but if you feel the need to remember that a good hiding spot should be:* Silent* Easily accessible* Hard to find if you don't know about itAnd most importantly, BE ABLE TO PUT ALL THIS TO USE. If you have an upper-floor room, acquire some rope and practice with it when you're home alone. If you have a first-floor window, ensure that you can easily climb out with your emergency kit quickly, and also identify any cover (hollow bushes, blind spots, dumpsters, etc.) you could reliably use quickly and quietly that might fool an angry parent. For safety, test these with a friend to ensure that you're as concealed as you think you are.Be safe, be cautious, and stand up for yourself. Good luck.
I've been in three abusive relationships. I'm the one that gets treated like shit, abused, lied to, and cheated on. I have never been treated decently in my life. I don't even know what it's like to be happy. After this last relationship (which is finally coming to a close), I know this is a pattern. I get into extremely abusive relationships and stay in them. What is it about me that attracts these people? I feel like it's me at this point. 
I am a 24 year old female with two kids under the age of five. I was with a physically and mentally abusive man for two years. I Moved out this time last year but continued to have an intimate relationship with him. He is 27 if that has any relevance. I met a new guy four months ago who I thought was a good guy but he ended up having a lot f similar behavior. He is constantly threateni to hurt my ex or kill himself if I don't come over in a disagreement. He dumped me over the course of our dating a few times after verbally attacking me. I made the poor choice of having sex with my ex each time in hopes it would make me feel like less of a waste of space. Anyways, they have a mutual friend who told my new partner about the sexual relations. He threatened to kill my ex and himself. I went got see him because he said he wouldn't if I came over and had sex with him. I didn't want to but I did  to over. After 12 hours and not sleeping with him he became increasingly more aggitated about everything and said if we didn't have a sexual encounter he was going to make me feel the same pain, that my kids wouldn't have their mother and he was going to get them taken fr me. I go to leave and I'm sobbing in my car thinking he's going to do something extreme. He's tapping on my. Car window and I do end up going inside and having sex because I am worried he's going to do something that will effect my children's lives. Anyways he's now acting normal. Him and my ex chatted and. Are no longer are mad at each other. He's asking me to go there or of he can spend the night with me tlmlrrow. I hav been told for do many years that I am causing issues because I lie and that if I would be honest everything would be ok. I am not sure if he's only acting like this because I lied and it I stop so will he? My natural reaction is to diffuse the situation through appeasement but I am so scared he's only going to remain calm for a short while. I don't know if contacting the authorities is necessary or if I should just cut contact? 
I don't know if this is the right place if not please redirect me!About a year ago my older sister told me that out older brother had molested her when she was younger. I'm pretty sure she was around 7-8 years old which would have made him 13-14 years old at the time. I can't remember all the details however she said there was no penetration but there was oral. She said it stopped when he almost got caught and she also said she told out mother. My sister told me this when she was 23 and I was told not to tell anybody or talk to him about it, but she doesn't seem like the kind of person who would make this kind of thing up at all and I believe her 100% because he is kind of off. When she told me I asked our younger niece(11) if he'd done anything weird with her and she told me he hadn't and he didn't try anything with me(22/f) either.My mom doesn't remember my sister telling her anything(my mom just turned 60 and her memory isn't the best these days) but she has been adamantly defending him since the beginning and he has no idea that he's been accused(unless he did it then obviously he knows) We decided we need to talk about it because of all the tension between everyone and we don't know how should we go about addressing this with him and how should we treat him and everything. Help please!
Hi everyone,I'm hoping that you can help me figure out if I was sexually abused as a child. I recently did some intake sessions with a therapist (who I can no longer see due to financial reasons) who asked the question "were you sexually abused as a child?" I said no, but the second the word came out of my mouth I had a flashback memory to something I have always considered shameful and embarrassing and I've basically pushed so deep down into my toes my entire life. There it was, in front of my eyes. And since that appointment (about two weeks ago) it's been popping up over and over in my mind. **Background on me:** I'm a 26 year old female. I'm recovered from anorexia (recently went through a minor relapse, however) and the same above mentioned therapist seems to think I may have Borderline Personality Disorder or some sort of Emotional Disregulation disorder/issues). Also have been diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder and depression. The past 6-9 months have been extremely hard with my eating disorder and just functioning through life. Anxiety and depression are at an all time high. Suicidal thoughts are creeping in (though I try not to humor them and I do dismiss them). Weirdly enough, I'm happily married and hold down a great job and have a cute fluffy dog who I love and a family I am close with. *Anyway....back to this memory...*I think I was about 6-7 years old. Which would have made my brother 9-10 years old. We are sitting on the couch in the basement. I think my parents were home. Watching TV. At some point...he pulled his penis out, I remember feeling embarrassed and intrigued and confused and ashamed and curious. Which I fucking HATE admitting. I would love to say I was traumatized but I think I was just too young to comprehend what was happening. Anyway. I don't know if I touched it. I think I did. It all happened slowly. I think I may have been kind of talked into something, but I can't remember what. I don't know if we had "sex" (or maybe just rubbed things around....kids ideas of sex are often confused). I do remember being told I couldn't tell mom and dad. I think my brother was also extremely embarrassed...I don't know. I do have a clear memory of telling our cousins who came over a few days later that my brother and i had sex. My brother quickly jumped on me and called me an idiot and later told my cousins I'm crazy...and later told me in private that I can't talk to anyone about that day ever and that we didn't have sex. So either something bad did happen (sex)...or maybe I was just confused about what sex is and something more mild happened. Would a 10 year old boy even know what he was doing or could he have been as mentally immature as me about the whole thing at the time? I wish there was some way I could recover this memory better. If my brother wasn't a total bully to me when we were kids who often switched from torturing me (mentally and sometimes hitting me) to protecting me and being sweet on a moments notice, I would probably just ignore this and chalk it up to weird kid sexual experimentation. What I've read online basically says that if the age gap is three or more years (it is), if the siblings have a dysfunctional relationship (we did), and if the older sibling was prone to manipulation (he was), then it was sexual abuse. But I'm having a hard time believing it was. I love my brother. We aren't insanely close but I don't want to believe he would have done something like this to me. This only happened once...from what I can remember. This is one of the most vivd memories I have from being that young. So it obviously has stuck with me for some reason. It's also one that has popped up a few times in my life and I always I burry it back down because the shame and confusion is overwhelming.I don't know if I'll ever know exactly what happened that day. And I don't know if I should talk to my brother about it. I honestly never thought about this as abuse until it popped up this time and I started doing some research....and it fit the bill. I've always just been overwhelmed when I think about it. I hate thinking about it.I do know that I'm extremely confused and I have no idea where to go from here. Thank you for reading and for any thoughts or advice you may have for me. 
I(17f) just left my sexual/emotional/physically abusive boyfriend (18m) how do I start to accept and move in from it 
When my (now)wife first moved in I was inundated with complaints by her family and ex boyfriends/girlfriends about her psychotic, bipolar, crazy, etc. behavior. But had never seen it, and even as time passed and we got married and had a baby I still hadn't seen it. Not even a month passed after the birth of our first, she changed. My assumption was post partum and we agreed that she should see a therapist. It took months for her to find one, and after a few sessions things seemed to be getting better. She decided she no longer wanted to go to therapy and that shopping would make her feel better so she wanted the money we were spending on therapy for her own spending. We tried that and things almost immediately went down hill.She began taking her anger out on our daughter at times, and usually has no recollection or a different memory of the events. She doesn't remember shaking our daughter, and from another occasion she claims that she wasn't trying to suffocate her, she was just trying to muffle the crying.She does not make any attempt to cook, clean, find work, or go out during the day. She takes very little care of our daughter while I work. She spends most of the day sleeping, on tumblr blogging about how much she hates her life, watching porn, and on Facebook talking to people that she tells me she hates.She attempted to kidnap our daughter across state lines, using my bank account, then claimed that her dad got into her head and convinced her to do it.She once shook our daughter in front of me while screaming "fuck you" at her, I immediately restrained her (and no that didn't turn out well for me), but I'm still terrified of what happens when I'm not around.Literally everything wrong in life is my fault, I don't make enough money for her to spend, I can't buy her a car today, I can't buy a new house today, I don't skip work often enough, I shouldn't get so hurt when she yells at me, I dont want to have sex often enough. In the heat of the moment she actually has me believing these things and it really wears me down, so much so that at times I am convinced that my suicide would make her life better.Outside of work I get no alone time, even when I'm in the restroom she still comes in, just to be near me or whatever excuse it happens to be today.I miss her prior to post partum, but it's killing me to live like this. I want to call cps to keep my daughter safe, but I don't want to lose my daughter in the process. I also don't want to put a permanent rift between my wife and I by calling cps.She lies so frequently, and to everyone, some people can tell she is lying, others cant, and it's not like I have video footage of her hurting our daughter, what's to say cps would even believe me over her?Physically she has become worse. It used to be rare that she would shout at or be rough with our daughter out of anger, and now it's a daily occurance. I don't know how much longer I can take it before calling the police.I have been begging her to find a therapist, but she just wont. I really wish there were a way I could force her into therapy to get better, but she still doesn't think anything is wrong with her. Does anyone have any advice? Is there any way I can salvage our relationship AND keep our daughter safe?
I have a friend who is in Greece and I am not well acquainted with the rules and regulations over there of Greece but she is my friend (online friend) and she has told me and a group of friends that her father is emotionally abusing her and her mother and I am trying to help her out in some way. I am just wondering if there is anything that can help her out?She told us her mother is severely depressed from this and that her mother told her that she was suicidal but she wants to stay with her father because she feels that she can get the father to love her again. She told us that she is scared of the mother becoming suicidal if leaving the father.Is there anything that can help her and her mother out at all? Can any Greek redditors help out? I cannot stand feeling like I cannot do anything to help her out.
I'm 24 (M) and I'm trying to figure out what the hell happened to me growing up and what is normal. I will give a brief overview I was a caretaker to my father for many years when I was young he has a mental illness that causes deterioration of a part of his brain that controls physical movement, speech, and fine motor skills. My mom remarried my step dad. He's a Vietnam vet that ran away from home (and alleged physical abuse) when he was 15. We never bonded or became close he became a disciplinarian when my mom couldn't handle my older brother and I. Include holding our nose and twisting between his fingers, grabbing our knees really tightly, he washed my mouth out with dishwashing liquid cause I accidentally hit a window with a basketball. My mom slapped us  repeatedly when she was irate (few times a year).We moved a lot and my mom kept us fairly reclusive (not talking to neighbors or having friends over or going to a friends house). Mom got divorced one from step dad he hit her but they got back together. My brother and I were by no means saints. We got into trouble and generally tried to do our own thing. My brother was always in trouble at school and I am the 'golden child'. My brother developed a drug problem around 8th grade and things got weird. Physical fighting increased to full blown wrestling matches and fights between my brother and my step dad. One time my brother pushed him into a closet and broke the door. I sat silently at the table listening but pretending not to notice (awkward I know). Next time my brother and step dad fought (over my mom flushing his pot down the toilet) my step dad put a revolver to his head in front of the whole family and my brother screamed "shoot me!!" It was very strange/ surreal and scary but I don't have words for it honestly.Brother moved out and I started drinking alcohol. I got caught drinking one night and I cussed out my mom and said mean shit and was an asshole so she started slapping me really hard and pushing me and I pushed her away from me and my step dad grabbed me and smashed my head into the kitchen cabinet and broke it. I tried to reach for a knife to cut his throat but couldn't and I left home for a few days. CPS came for this cause my friend told school counselor and I cannot describe the feeling of betrayal, shame, and sadness this caused. We NEVER talk about this EVER.Police came to house on multiple occasions (my mom calling on my brother) I was always smaller and weaker though so I couldn't beat up my step dad and I was worried he would have the gun. He has around 15-17 rifles and a few pistols and a permit for concealed carry.I think that's about it. I'm on here though because I don't think this was normal but Maybe it is somewhat normal? I don't feel totally without blame. I see my brothers face with the gun to his head sometimes randomly. I'm also very prone to anxiety and depression and I'm a recovering heroin addict ( 1 yr). I've been in a haze for so long that these memories keep popping up but I don't know what to do with them... Not sure why I'm posting I just felt it was an ok idea. Sorry for the wall of text. Thanks for any help, advice, perspective, or outsider opinions. 
A friend of the family had just recently moved in for an undisclosed amount of time due to a relationship going on back bad downward spiral.  Tonight the boyfriend of named friend was over and everything was going just fine until I decided to go to bed. Mind you that my wife and kids have already gone to bed. So then I hear things starting to spiral downward and he starts getting loud and yelling fuck yous and any other insults he could muster. Now I knew it was a toxic relationship between them but did not realize how bad. I get out of bed and on my way to go down stairs to split them up ( I have two sleeping kids in the House) she starts crying and freaking out. I had turned the corner and she was holding her mouth and was bleeding. I told him he needed to get the fuck out before shit gets worse and she turns and swings on him. So I grabbed her and pulled her back preventing any further confrontation,  got him out the door and locked up the doors and windows.  I feel like I did what should be right by not throwing down right then and there with this guy, especially with kids in the house, but at the same time I feel I should have beaten him down. Like that would have been a better served justice as he had hit her.
Sorry for the wall of text, but I really need to just get it all out there because I have trouble processing things just in my head. And this came out as more of a stream of consciousness kind of thing, so sorry if it’s hard to follow.Also, might delete later.I don't quite know where to start. I've gone on reddit before for some advice/support on what to do about this situation, but he said he'd get help and I believed him.Now, about a year later I believe, ~~I think~~ things have gotten worse. He's always been difficult to communicate with. I have always been really good at properly articulating what I need and what I'm feeling. Every time I try to talk to him about things that bother me about the relationship, he says that I "always make everything about me." He tells me I'm selfish and that *I* am a narcissist. It's hard to deal with him talking to me like that because I am an extrovert and I just need to talk. I just need someone to listen to me.Most of our fights start off like that. We've been together almost 3 years now. The first year was fine. I had never gotten along so well with someone. We started out in an open relationship because I was still seeing a couple other guys, which I was completely transparent to him about. After about 6 months of that, I really felt strongly for him (I'll call him J), so I decided to leave the other two for J. I had known J for years before we started dating. He's been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, has a drinking problem, and he used to have a drug problem (he has stopped with the harder drugs, and only smokes pot now). It didn't seem like a such a big deal at first, but as time went on he only got worse.He's always drinking. He works in a high-stress environment, which he says causes him to drink. He also says he's been depressed for like 5 years. So… the last time we got in a major fight, it was horrible. He had been (probably still is, but I digress) depressed for a couple weeks already. It was work and worrying about us moving to a new city together. So basically, for two weeks I didn’t try to engage him in conversation because he’d come home from work (we live together) and just get drunk and watch TV then pass out. I am in the credential program at the university, and the program is very demanding. I’ve had many things eat up my free time like homework assignments, readings for classes, in addition to lesson planning, and preparing to teach a 6th grade class in a socioeconomically disadvantaged area. Not to mention that many of my students are English Language Learners. These kids can take a lot out of me on some days. And days like that I really need someone to vent to, to just talk to. Since I live with J, he is usually the first person I want to talk to. But during those two weeks, I barely did. He seemed like he wanted to be left alone, so I tried to do that. I complained to some friends about it, but I didn’t really get to hang out with them because I’m usually so busy with school. I basically spend the little free time I **do** have with J. And when he’s too tired to hang out with me because of work, I try to make plans with my friends. Which only pisses him off. He’ll be sleeping, and once I start getting ready to leave, he’ll wake up and start yelling at me for making plans. I am having trouble understanding if this is him isolating me from my friends. Sometimes he does let me hang out with them. But only for things like my friend just broke up with her boyfriend or if I tell him a couple of days in advance. Otherwise, especially if it’s last minute, he explodes on me and makes me cry and I end up not leaving. Though one time recently, I did leave because I needed someone to talk to and I told him I would only be gone for a short while. He told me not to come back (which is something he commonly says when he’s mad at me). I came back that night. The next morning, when he couldn’t find his work stuff he got mad at me and reminded me that he told me not to come back. Which made me cry. Okay… anyway… So those two weeks he wasn’t talking. Everything I was feeling just built up inside me. And I was so torn about trying to talk to him about it (what I wanted to do), and knowing that if I even brought it up he would just cut me off and not listen to a word I would have to say. So one Saturday night, we’re cuddling and he ends up falling asleep on me. I really hate it when he does this because I’m wide awake and I can’t even leave to hang out with my friends because he’d just get mad at me. Nights like that, I end up so bored and under stimulated. And I can’t stand it. I spend too much of my time doing what I’m expected to do, that when I finally do have time for myself, I’d like to spend it with people who are conscious. So I push him off me and just start looking at stuff on my phone. He wakes up and asks me what’s wrong. I don’t answer. He bugs me about it and I still don’t answer. So he goes to sleep. Now the details after this are hazy, but after some time, either I tried to make plans and he gets mad at me or I tried talking to him and he was refusing to give me attention.Either way, I end up crying and feeling like I just need someone to listen to me. He didn’t want to now of course, and I don’t think he really wanted to hear what I had to say anyway because he never does. I try talking to him. I make sure to be careful with the way I phrase my sentences. You know, using I statements and not You statements. Trying not to sound accusatory so that he won’t get defensive. But he gets defensive, he always does. He uses this one time that he actually asked me what’s wrong and I didn’t say anything against me. Saying how he tried and I wasn’t talking. I tried to explain myself to him. How I’d had so much built up feelings that I didn’t know what to do with and if he could just hear me out and try to work things out with me, then maybe I’d feel better. Once I start, he constantly interrupts me. Makes it difficult to finish my thoughts. He then turns it around on me saying how he’s depressed and I should know. But I don’t know because he’s never told me what he needs or what I should do when he gets like that. Then he stats telling me how I’m selfish and all I think about is myself and I always make everything about me. I’ve heard all of this before. But it still hurts every time. Like I feel like, here I am just trying to express my feelings, and there he is making me feel like I shouldn’t be having them or expressing them to him? But he’s my boyfriend and how can we fix this if we never talk about it? Every. single. time. I’ve tried addressing problems with him, it always ends up like this. It’s always that I don’t know how to talk to him. Or I’m coming at him sideways. Or I should know better. When he has never properly articulated to me what he *needs*. After some of this, I decide I want to leave. I only ever seem to have the courage to leave when he’s saying mean things to me. When he’s yelling at me and swearing at me and throwing things. Side note: One fight we had before this particular one, I had managed to get about half of my clothes packed up. I even got about two bags into my car. Then he started grabbing my bags and dumping out my stuff. He would do this repeatedly. Even yanking my bag from my shoulders and pushing me. I stopped when he threatened to break my laptop.Back to what I was saying… So I start packing up my things. The details at this point are pretty hazy. He pushes me and tells me to take all of my shit and go. And I say okay and continue to pack. Sometime after he pushes me, he says something to me that really sets me off and I punch him like 3 times, in the chest or the back. The next thing I know, I’m on my back with his hands around my neck. I tell him to just fucking do it and after a couple seconds he backs off. He then turns completely numb to me. Tells me he’s just gonna go out and drink (he’s been drinking a lot already on this day) but I try to stop him. At this point, I figure we’re already over so it doesn’t matter if I force him to stay because at least he won’t go out and drive around like this. He does everything he can to get out of my grip (he’s laying down and I’m straddling him), but he can’t. He pinches me really hard in the arm, which leaves a really big bruise that lasts like 2 weeks. Eventually he convinces me that he’s not going to drive anywhere so I get off of him. But he’s got this totally blank expression on his face and he won’t even touch me. He called me his ex-girlfriend’s name because she gave him a couple black eyes before she left him.I think the worst part for me about this whole thing is that after it happened, he laid there saying things like “I was fine before” and “look at the mess *you* made.” Like he couldn’t take responsibility for his actions. As if him choking me was my fault. And it’s always like that with him. He never takes accountability for the horrible things he does or says to me. It’s always things like “You should have just shut the fuck up like I told you to and none of this would have happened.”After this incident, I took the clothes I had packed and stayed with my parents for like 3 days. He calls me when he gets off work on Sunday and asks if I’m coming home and I say not tonight, to which he replies “Okay, whatever” then hands up. J posts photos and such on instagram and Facebook like he’s having a great time with his friends for the next few days. I called him on Monday because I missed him and he asks me when I’m coming home and I say maybe Wednesday. Tuesday he contacts me first and tells me he misses me. Wednesday I go back. He makes me dinner.Now, on Tuesday I contacted my old best friend that happens to be a guy, M. J got mad at me and told me to stop being his friend because he hates M. (M had slept with a girl that J was casually dating.) I only made plans to hang out with him. I figured M could help give me some perspective on the situation since he was a guy and he used to also be best friends with J. M was actually the one who pushed me to pursue J and who convinced me to tell J that I loved him first.I tell J about this on Wednesday when I see him. J explodes, of course, and tells me to just pack my stuff and leave. I start crying because M was never *like that* to me. M and I had sex once, but it never happened again. M was my best friend. We carried on with our lives after that happened as if nothing happened. Sure, I thought M was attractive, but I was never really interested in him. But none of that mattered to J. which, I can understand because I think we both just have different views of sex, but eventually I just gave up trying to argue with him and said fine. I told him I would wait until he was at work to gather all my things and leave because I didn’t want him there watching me when I did it. I told him that he would never see me again. Then he stopped me. He told me that it wasn’t me that he didn’t trust, it was M. So I stayed.Now… I don’t know where I stand. At this point, I think I’m starting to hate him. He has truly worn down my confidence. He always gets mad over the littlest things. And he never takes responsibility for his actions. He’s just so easily-angered all the time and I’m getting sick of it. It’s so annoying. He’s like a child. I work with 25 children all day, and *I hate* that I have to come home and deal with someone who acts like a child too. And not even like one of those good kids who always act the way they’re supposed to. J is one of the difficult kids. One with behavioral issues. And honestly, I deal with enough behavior problems in a 6th grade classroom where I often have to be kinda militant in order to make sure that they are on task. It’s annoying to come home to someone who, like a child, doesn’t know how to communicate his feelings and uses anger and lashes out at the slightest provocation. It doesn’t even necessarily need to be a provocation. It could be a simple change in plans. Not only this, but he has such a hard time letting things go. Like he carries his work problems home with him.Okay, so I know I’ve complained a lot. But I guess here’s one of the reasons I have stayed. And to be honest, there are many because he isn’t so horrible to me **all** of the time. Part of me feels like, because I work with difficult kids and to some extent I know how to deal with them, that I just need to be patient with J and understanding. J was sexually abused as a child and his mother was pretty neglectful. (We’re both positive she has some undiagnosed mental illness.) So I know he comes from a broken home, and I know that the kids that come from these homes are the most difficult to deal with, but are also the kids who need to feel loved the most. And maybe I’m the only one who has the patience to be supportive for him and to help him get through this. I think if he could start going to therapy, at least, we could move forward. He used to be on antidepressants when he was in high school, but stopped taking them because he didn’t like how they made him feel. Now I wouldn’t want to force him to take medication if he didn’t want to, but I really believe that therapy would be very helpful for him. And me as well. I know I’ve got problems of my own that need to be addressed in addition to the abuse I’ve taken from J. So that’s my story so far. I go back and forth between wanting to be the strong woman J needs and wanting to get as far away from him as possible. I read somewhere once that the reason I haven’t left him yet is because I’m not ready. And I’m not. I know if things continue the way they are, that I will eventually get fed up and leave. I’ve been thinking about it more lately. I’ve been playing it very safe with J. I know that if/when I leave, it’s going to have to be on a day when he’s at work and I’m not at school. And I’m going to have grab everything I own from this place so that I never have a reason to go back. I’ve been looking into teaching jobs that will relocate me so that I can just leave the city and start over. I know this is textbook abuse and I deserve better. I don’t know why it’s so hard for me to leave him when he treats me like this. Part of me feels like I deserve this because I have been pretty fucked up in the past to guys I have dated. Part of me also thinks that he really does mean it when he says he loves me more than anyone ever will.**TL;DR**: I go back and forth between trying to be understanding of my abusive boyfriend, and wanting to leave him the second I get the chance.He has:- pushed me- choked me- thrown things- punched walls- taken my bags and dumped out my things so I couldn’t leave- threatened to kill himself- threatened to drive drunk- threatened to break my laptop- accused me of being selfish/being a narcissist/making everything about me- pinched me so hard it left a bruise that lasted two weeks
Have anyone heard this stateent when you were little? Would you classify this as a type of abuse. Cause this FUCKED up my life! I came from a household where if you cry, it's not acceptable. When I was little and I would cry, my mom would come in and ask me why I am crying and when I try to tell, it would come out of mumble so my mom would take the belt and hit me with it repeatly and ask why I was crying. She would also push me against the wall (she is a big lady) with force and yell at me. I first thought it was normal and I deserved it. After I calmed down and tell her what happened, she would called me stupid! I never went and told anyone yet but till this day, I have trouble telling people my feelings and I get so stressed easily. What do you think about this?
So...I don't really want to write a novel on this, but my dad is physically, verbally, and mentally abusing me. I am 23 now, and this has been going on since before I was 17. Since I had to move in with my parents due to losing my old job, things have become steadily worse and worse.Whenever I try to talk to my dad, it's like he goes into a rage and just gets angry. He says horrible things, calling me lazy, delusional, "mentally ill", and using gaslighting techniques on me (I have been professionally diagnosed with autism and generalized anxiety). He also uses his weight and bulk to physically intimidate me, getting close enough to breathe down my neck and get spit on my face when he talks. He also threatens to hit me by raising his hand or fist, like he is going to slap or punch me.I just started a job last week, only because he forced me to. He told me "get a job within a week, or we're going to kick you out". Last week, I started my new job, only to get food poisoning one day from eating McDonald's. So I had to take a day off due to diarrhea and vomiting. Yesterday and today, I had to take the days off due to a nasty cold (severe sore throat, chills, weakness, etc.).I sorted it out with my work, and they are totally fine with it. However, when I go home to rest (and regain my health), my dad always abuses me when he comes home. *Always*. Every night, it's like he's the bad cop in an interrogation, and I'm the "criminal". Never mind that I've never committed a crime in my life, and I have never stolen anything from him, he treats me like one anyways, calling me a "liar", "delusional", "thief" and all sorts of horrible things..."bitch", "cunt", etc.He told me, "go to work unless you're dead or dying", but my work told me they would send me home anyways if I came in and was still sick. So I stayed home today, but he found out. Now he's calling my phone nonstop, and I'm afraid that he will physically hurt me later on.I am calling family, but skeptical, as I have tried talking to my mom's parents before and they did not seem to believe me. I'm done. I'm tired of living in fear of my dad, trying to avoid him only to have him use me as a mental, emotional, and sometimes physical punching bag (the latter he is careful not to leave bruises or or marks). My mom of course does nothing, she just ignores it like I'm not even there. Or sometimes she even joins in on the abuse. At one point, before my brother went to college, they also tried to get him involved in being an abuser as well. At one point, he was even writing assignments about how he wanted to "kill" me...it was just sick. Thankfully, he is off at college and has since mostly lost his anger.Help? Advice? I already called a domestic violence hotline, their shelter has no openings at the moment...the best I could do was arrange a counseling session in 10 days.
**For some basic background information on my mother, here goes:**She's a very controlling, lonely Italian woman who has had a drinking problem since before I was born. It flared up horribly when I was 12 and my grandmother died, and it hasn't really stopped since then. She's likely bipolar, but never diagnosed because she refuses to seek counseling for either that or the drinking. I moved away from home and she moved to follow me; I ran out of money and she convinced me to move back in with her. She used the fact that I was living in her house rent-free to guilt/threaten/blackmail me into doing whatever she wanted (mostly, stay around the house with her all day on my off-days from work), although she doesn't see it this way. I'm 21, and she still sees me as a petulant child.I acknowledge that I have flaws, most of them related to my own relative laziness (my room is messy, etc.), but when asked by any member of my family to help with housework, I would do it without hesitation. If I had plans to go somewhere and my mother was feeling too sad or bored or lonely (she is retired with no friends, no hobbies, no part-time job), I would cancel the plans so as not to incur one of her all-too-common temper tantrums, which often end in threats of financial ruin ("You're paying rent, now. I'm taking your car. You're quitting that job.") or simply shrieking and broken household items.My father enables this behavior and has been doing so since I was a child, and to a certain extent I realize that I have enabled it too because I was too afraid to cross her for fear of what she might do in response. But now I can stand on my own two feet financially, and I can't take it anymore.**Now, for what's happened in this past week.**I am polyamorous, with two boyfriends (one local, one long-distance), something which I understand not everyone is going to be approving of, especially not my relatively conservative parents, but it is something about myself which will not change. On Saturday, I had plans to spend the day with my local boyfriend, and my mother didn't like it. She launched into a tirade about my selfishness yet again and insisted that I stay home with her to "help with the dogs" (aka, sit around and watch TV with her while she drank wine).I went out anyway, as these plans had been in place for well over a week, and she had known about them for days in advance. While I was out, my mother logged into my private email account and began reading correspondences between my local boyfriend and I, some of which had explicit sexual content that is beyond what many people consider "normal" sex (he and I are relatively kinky BDSM practitioners; suffice it to say this is not something I want my mother to know about). She exploded, and I spent the entire night bawling my eyes out to my boyfriend out of embarrassment and fear. The breach of trust, to me, was monumental. She already had the password to my bank account, and insisted on keeping tabs on it, but this was too much for me.The next day, I went home to face her. I was a zombie at this point, completely devoid of any feeling because of how hard I had cried the night before. Of course, this led to my mother throwing yet another temper tantrum about what a fuck-up I am, asking for money (it's always about money), making threats. She told me that if I stayed in her house, my relationship with him was going to end, and I would essentially be "grounded" from going anywhere but work.So I started packing.I have plans to move to be with my long-distance boyfriend within a month, and those plans have been there since February, so out of the kindness of their hearts, my local boyfriend and his wife have allowed me to stay with them for a few weeks. As revenge for this, my mother decided to take back the car before I move, which she technically still owns, although I made most of the payments on it. Her exact words were, "Now you know what it looks like when you cross me."I'm exhausted and I'm disappointed, but it is a huge weight off my shoulders to know that I won't ever live with that woman again. I've lived in fear for years that she would own me, and now I am free of that fear. I don't know what I'm looking for with this post; maybe some words of support?**TL;DR** - Years of emotional and financial abuse by my mother have finally caused me to leave her home and not look back. With the support of my friends, I've been able to make it through without too much pain.
I was in a sexually and emotionally abusive relationship for two years. He made my life hell. I had to move all the way across the state to get away from him. He took everything from me and it has taken over two years to start feeling like myself again. I was browsing his facebook today which I do every couple of months or so to see where he's living and to laugh at how bad he looks now. I saw that he posted a picture recognizing violence against women and how we need to do more to end domestic violence and rape.This is the man who tried to rape me when he found me in the middle of a suicide attempt. This is the man who sexually assaulted me because he thought it would help me get over being raped and molested. This is the man who blamed me for my rape and told me if I were stronger and more empowered, it wouldn't have happened to me. The man who told me he wanted to rape someone. The man who admitted to molesting his younger sibling. And now he's speaking out against domestic violence. Is this all an act? Does he really believe this? Or was it just me? I've finally gotten to a point where I don't blame myself anymore but I continue to mourn the poor girl he abused. What was so wrong with her that he did that? I say that I've recovered from him, but in order to do so, I've had to treat my past self as someone who is now dead. In my mind, he killed the person I used to be. I may be reborn now, but fuck. That girl didn't deserve that.

Hello all,Really sorry if this is not the right place (seems targeted only towards those who suffer from abuse directly) but please help me out or point me to resources if you can.My girlfriend was abused for about 2 years, probably 5 years ago now, by her then boyfriend. I was actually friends with her and her boyfriend at the time, and I was always a bit of a safe harbor for her. However, until recently when we started dating I did not know the extent.She was badly beaten, "accidentally" run over, consistently told she was fat, worthless, and that he was the best she could ever do, he was doing her a favor being there, etc.I'm always very positive towards her, reinforce however I can that I think she is beautiful, worthy of love in so many ways, and am patient when she gets scared or shuts down over things. I am really looking for any advice or resources regarding things I should do or avoid that may not be obvious. I also would love any extra ideas to combat this idea she has of being worthless. If we have any issue at all, she talks about how she is worthless and doesn't know how I could love her, and I'm feeling like it's useless to just keep saying, "No, you're not worthless" etc.Thanks for any input!
So, it's been a year since I completely cut ties with my ex-girlfriend. We had dated for a year about four years back, and after the break up had remained friends. This was mostly due to her controlling, dependent nature (she would often hint at self-harm/ suicide in order to keep me talking to her). Basically, I am here to ask if what I experienced counts as being hit/ physically abused, as in recent months I have heard that she has been denying my claims as entirely fictional- and people are believing her. I am starting to doubt myself now too.It started small- she would throw her stuff on the ground in public and, if I didn't pick it up, she would scream directly into my face. She would shove me, grab my arms forcefully... Several times she tried to hit me in the face but i deflected her arm in an effort to try and restrain her (these incidents were in public and I often tried to avoid a scene). Last year I cut ties after she had an episode and shouldered a door into my face and lunged at me several times in a hysterical frenzy.She tells people that I am lying when I say that she used to hit me. Surely this counts? I'm so confused. I feel gaslighted.
Hi! I am a mod here, but I'll give a bit of information. I have Bipolar I, among other things. I was diagnosed about 2 (or is it 3 now?) years ago. I recently graduated with my BA in Psychology. Both my mother (49) and daughter (7) have also been diagnosed Bipolar I. I have suicidal ideation regularly, and have attempted before. I have a friend who works for my county mental health office. Specifically, she works in suicide prevention. She started a mental health blog a few months ago, and I decided to help out. It has been very therapeutic for me to write about my experiences.Please consider checking out the blog, posting about your experiences. I posted this as a text post because I am not looking for karma or anything, just trying to help the community.[Here is the link, if you are interested](http://mhsparc.blogspot.com/). I am Nikki K.
[Here](https://docs.google.com/a/qchs.ca/forms/d/117ajfkMwu_C-Zj2bVwn75bEttYSa77SybEdnXfsIXC8/viewform) is a link to my survey! It is completely ANONYMOUS! Thank-you to all who participate!EDIT: Also shared with r/traumaticchildhood and r/survivorsofabuse
I have been abused since I was a child by my mother. Straight-up, beat-me-until-she-felt-better-about-the-situation-type abuse. Never my sisters, only me, her only son. The regular beatings only ended when I screamed "child abuse" out the window when I was a teenager. That hasn't changed her regular verbal/emotional abuse. She will pointedly pick fights over literally nothing, claiming absurd things like I hate her because I forgot to take the trash out, or her husband doesn't love her anymore because he didn't take her to lunch on time. Those fights will last for weeks, and usually escalate to her screaming at the top of her lungs.Here's a laundry list of her insanity:* Threw a clothes iron at the door around head-level as her first husband (my father) walked in from work. I was somewhere between 3-5 years old, but both of them have individually told the same story. Neither of them remember why, aside from she had been on one of her week-long fights. Dad remembers it as they'd settled the argument the night before, then suddenly here comes a damned clothes iron at his face. She just remembers that "he deserved it". As though anybody deserves the risk of severe physical trauma.* Beat me regularly as I was growing up. When I start acting out in school, attacking other people I perceive as possible threats, she finds a hundred other things to blame it on, rather than taking any responsibility for her actions. AND she continues to beat me because I'm acting out in school and tell her mom that she just doesn't understand why I'm such a problem child.* Repeatedly slapped her second husband in front of their children while he was making dinner. She purposefully squeezed her way between him and the stove to scream in his face. After he backed away from the stove so he wouldn't be responsible for "her dumb ass getting hurt" (and well put!), she started slapping him repeatedly. He grabbed her by squeezing her arms to her side, and moved her out of the kitchen. "Hohoho!" (yes, she actually does that) "I'm calling the f***ing cops now; that's abuse!" After the cops interviewed them for a while, off they took him. All the while, she threatened us into not saying anything, and gave the cops the excuse that "they're just kids."* Starts shoving me off on her sister after I recognize at the age of 16 that what she is doing is absolutely insane. Because, ya know, obviously I'm just a teenager with issues. Sister doesn't want me, because she doesn't want her sister shoving her responsibilities off on her. Teenager-with-issues part comes out when I absolutely unload on them in a couple of emails about how they can't get me anymore, and that they're f***ing insane. Grandma soon arrives to arrange a truce, on the grounds that "mother is always right." Everybody involved completely disregards any of the abuse going on.* We go back and forth for the next couple of years. I don't take her abuse, and I regularly get kicked out of the house. I wind up couch-surfing, chronically depressed, in and out of jobs. She threatens to send me to jail more than once. On one occasion, she threatened to destroy my PC, and when I took it back from where she'd placed it while she was looking for a hammer, she wrestled it from me and repeatedly slammed me against the wall with her backside. I had to punch her back and grab her side to push her away. I called the cops, and I was never even given a chance to claim self-defense. The responding officer instead spent half an hour hearing her side of the story, then berated me about what I wanted to do with my life, how I was a leech on my mother, how I should be ashamed of myself, and how I should move out and feel lucky that's all that was happening because she wasn't pressing charges.* She chases a few more partners away, usually starting out sweet and then going psycho when they move in. Threatening them and their children with abuse of all sorts, and maintaining that walk-on-eggshells-or-weeks-long-fight attitude. Then she met her most recent. They've been together for a couple of years, and he's taken all sorts of abuse from her, even married her. Unfortunately, he has put himself and his teenage mildly autistic son in danger by refusing to acknowledge her abusive behavior. She has trained both of her daughters to constantly berate his son, treating him as though he were sub-human.Enter last night. I come home from an Easter Sunday with my girlfriend (who's soon to have our baby). I'm still living on mom's couch, but only because my last girlfriend wound up being way too similar to my mom and tried to throw me in jail because she erroneously thought I was cheating on her. Also, my mom looked like she'd calmed down a bit over the last year, and she was one of the few willing to help out. I walk through the door and she's screaming at the top of her lungs at her husband, something about her "Easter Feast" - as she put it - not being up to par with her expectations. She storms off to the bedroom, glaring at me with this psychotic smile, and gave me a haughty "hello". I go on my computer and try to wind down for the night. She storms back out an hour or two later and screams at him about how he'd better come to bed or he can stay in a hotel for a couple of weeks. He responds that he's not interested because he doesn't want to fight with her. She answers that if he stays out on the couch tonight, she's going to make "the rest of their relationship" a living nightmare. After him repeating that he's just going to be the bad guy and admit to everything she's called him today a couple times, she proceeds to punch and slap him a few times. She then threatens to throw him in jail over it.So I'm thinking about moving out.EDIT: Just reading the simple words on the sidebar has me crying at work.**tl;dr** Crazy mother has no problem abusing men and throwing them in jail for no reason. After going away for long enough for me to be stuck under her roof, her abusive nature has come back full swing. Meanwhile, I'm trying to piece together a life for my incoming family.
A close friend of mine is abusing his partner. I'm also in love with his partner, so my judgement is a bit cloudy. I ended up sleeping with her after I found out she was being abused. (This was a huge mistake.) She told me that he hit her (but "only the one time, and it's never happened again"). There were several big warning signs, like the fact that he won't let her talk about the relationship to anyone. He dictates her words sometimes (she'll say his words when in front of him, but say something different when not). He uses her fear of losing him to control her. After I pointed out the abuse he managed to convince her that I'm manipulating her and the hitting thing wasn't as big of a deal as I made it out to be. She won't talk to me anymore, and he's convinced her that I control several of her friends. I'm not entirely sure what to do.I have the ability to tell all of his friends and get them confront him about it. I want him to know that his friends are worried about him, and worried about her. I know he was abused and he's deeply afraid of facing it.I'm too close to this to think clearly. Would I be doing the right thing by asking his friends to intervene or is there something better I can do?
Ex (see my post from askmen) contacts me once I start to move on (like 3 days from her last message).Basically she messages me to take her back and every time she does it opens up the wound again even when I say no and block her and she finds a new way to message me and every time it happens and keeps affecting me at work eg. Getting sad or drinking to the point where I need to call in.I am not sure if this is intentional or if she genuinely feels bad for what she did.
I started talking to an old childhood friend again and he's soon to be my personal trainer, the memories of when his mom baby sat me from 7 to 12 he's 4 years older then me, started making me realize something he did to me wasn't right. Anyways we would play hide n seek with the younger kids and he would always drag me to the closet to hide, telling me to close my eyes and it was dark already do I couldn't see, but I could feel him pressing his erection against my back or front sometimes. I was oblivious to what it was at that age cause I was never told about the birds n the bees. This went on a couple times a week and the one day I spent the night in his step brothers room he woke me up telling me not to make a sound, but he slid his hand down my pants and felt me up, then he rubbed his erection against my bare skin then left. That was the last time he ever did any of that stuff to me...I'm now wondering if since were talking again to bring it up some how or leave it be. Not even really sure if it's abuse or not.
My dear old father (sarcasm) and I had an argument about the remote not fully working, (the mute button kept repeating mute) in which he had an extremely short temper and raged out at me for a mistake that wasn't even my fault, in which I told him to calm down, then he got even more upset and almost rammed into me and said that I should go to a psychiatrist, and says that he wants to pay $30,000 to control me, and by control, I mean my freedom of beliefs (I'm an atheist, and he wants me to be a die-hard Christian), and what I should do in my life. So, what should I do, if I tried telling an adult, my dad would try to find a way to lie his way out, then I become the bad guy, so what could I do to help my dad out and calm him down about the whole situation thing, and if not, what other choices could I do?
I have no where to go. My parents could literally kill me and get away with it. They even joke about killing me whenever a story about abused kids/murdered kids comes up on the news they say I should do that to you.  My mother/father is very manipulative and controlling. She always acted completely normal and human whenever anyone else is around or when talking about me. My father always screamed at me whenever I wanted to leave the house ,Whenever he took me to play sports like baseball/football he would scream at me in the car and hit me every single car ride to the game telling me how worthless I was and how he would rather be at home watching tv. My father had a bad childhood, so he justified that on his abuse on me. He repeated the cycle of his father abusing him. I tried to get help I recorded all the abuse with my phone. There was like 60 videos of severe abuse on the phone of crazy maniacs abusing me and sucking the soul out of me. My uncle who acted like he wanted to help looked at the videos. Put them on his computer and laughed at them in front of me. He told my parents and they were not happy they become extremely more controlling and evil than ever. I'm now 21. My mail i receive  is stalked by them, They take all my mail and never even tell me. They wont let me get a drivers license. I tried to call a mental hospital to get admitted just to get away from them but they would not take me unless I had ID. I called the local place where you can get an ID They said they could get me an ID if I gave them my SSN card, birth certificate, and mail with my name on it. I told them my parents wont give me my SSN or birth certificate. They said to bad and they cant give me ID im not even a real person.Here is a wall of text that tells how I got to this point and stories i remember now from my childhood i doubt anyone is even going to read it. I am the youngest child by 15 years!!! I have 3 brothers that are all 35+years old. I think my parents had me just to abuse me. My parents actually love my 3 brothers they only abused me. Because my parents loved my brothers they bought them all new cars and anything they wanted. They even bought them drugs and let them do whatever they wanted. One day my brother stole 20,000$ from my parents bank account. And what did my parents do??? They actually blamed me!!!!! 9 years old of stealing the money. My father was screaming at me like a savage demon saying he was going to kill me for taking the money. Once they found out who did it there was no punishment for my brother. When I was 13 my parents moved away from all my friends and moved in the middle of no where in a small town where you need a car to even leave the house. My friends tried to contact me but my parents said I did not want to talk to them anymore and cut me off from them. I told my parents I had a plan to move out when I was 18. I was going to join the military or find a hard labor job. They said why would you want to move out? My brother stole another 50,000$ worth of gold and silver from my parents to buy crack. They did not even care!!!!! There punishment for that was this. They put him in the garage and grounded him for one day! While he was in the garage I was in the house. I did not let my brother in because my parents would have been mad at me for letting him in. So he broke the window to get in the house and threw me out of the house and locked me out. I started high school and when I got home from school my brother stole money from my room. So I went in his room and took it back. He 6'9 300 pounds threw me down like a rag down and put me in a head lock and put his knee into my back really hard bending my head trying to kill me. My dad came home after 50 minutes of me being in a headlock. He said get off him you are going to kill him. He wouldn't get off me my dad had to pull him off. After I finally got out of the headlock I begged them to bring me to the hospital because i barely could move my neck and my back hurt. They did not take me to the hospital and instead my parents went to my high school and dropped me out of school. from that point on I haven't left the house and my back still has pains to this to this day. I was severely stressed out and had a stroke last year and my parents still would not take me to the hospital. I was hoping I was going to die by natural causes without killing myself. It felt like I was going to die but sadly it never happened. I think I have dementia after the stroke I feel brain dead. Sorry i could not explain it in full detail like I would like to I dont like typing and I feel horrible
A lot of people may be in search in this subject, so I thought if we shared, it might be a great way to help one another.Personally, it's been my religion. It's the one thing that really keeps my head above water, and makes me want to continue on fighting to reach some sort of comfort.EDIT: some of the *things*
First of all, I just want to thank you all for replying or at least reading. Here lately I've felt like I can't talk to anybody. I don't want to talk to my family about it because I know I wouldn't get any compassion. I don't want to talk to my friends about it because I don't want burden them or seem like an attention seeker. Just writing this post is way out of my comfort zone. I've exited out more than twice. Anyways, here's the gist of my current situation (I'm 17 and in high school, btw):* My mom obviously does not like me* She has told me before that she'd rather have me out of her house* She does not have any empathy nor does she acknowledge my emotional needs* She has often times turned my younger sisters on me* She uses the silent treatment often* She never says thank you unless its Christmas* She ignores me in favor of her phone or the TV* She shows obvious favoritism towards the girls* She belittles me when I make stupid decisions* I haven't heard her say a nice thing to me in the longest timeMy dad is more nice and sensitive, but, after my parents' divorce, has since lived in a not so nice apartment complex, doesn't have a very well paying job, and lives in another school district meaning I would have to change schools. **TL;DR: My mom can't stand me and emotionally abuses me, but my dad is poor and in another area**Should I  stay with my mom and 2 little sisters or move in with my dad? 
Background; I'm an 18 year old male. Never had super good grades but I passed and did my work. Which was never good enough. My mother is set on that I'm extremely intelligent and undermines my hardest work. (In all fairness I did score incredibly high on an iq test ONCE as a young child ( 8ish?)) I was suicidal for quite sometime. I was very fat and self concious which didn't help. I was forced to go to counseling for 2 years after I confided this in my abusive mother. Father you ask? Sorta. Owned a towing company, washed out when my parents divorced when I was 5. He's a drunk and drug abuser but I since better. Lives 2 hours from us. When I was in 5th grade, whatever age that was, my mother moved us away to another city and claimed our father was stalking her. I believed it. I didn't really catch onto what really happened until recently. Here's the real kicker; my mother is a lesbian. Never actually made it clear. But her "friend" lived with us right up until we moved. My mom has a current girlfriend whom lives with us and hates me. I was oblivious to their relationship up until my mothers phone went off a year ago and I checked it. I don't want to dwelve into this emotional scar, but I confirmed she is gay. Let's call her girlfriend ginger. Ginger has been living with us since my early 6th grade year. We are a relatively wealthy family and she and my mother both have good medical jobs, so clearly money wasn't her reasoning for moving in. She still lives with us and I'm about to graduate high school. My mother's claims as to her moving in with us were "she wants her dog to have a back yard". Now, backgrounds over. My mother has been cursing me out, antagonizing me, occasionally slapping, and general emotionally abusing me. I have two brothers, I am the oldest. My middle brother isn't held accountable for any actions. My youngest is loved and idolized. I'm hated on. I go about out of my way to help around the house, but its only met with criticism. After years of being cursed out, (I latch onto any attention my dad gives me as I've never had a father figure) I tried to move in with him. My mother wasn't having that. After invalidating how I felt toward her for the millionth time, I was told she would take him to court and win (I was of age to choose the parent however he never paid child support) and he would be jailed and I would have to live with her, then she said once I'm back I will be sent to military school. I wish she sent me. I gave up on it and she tried to send me to military school anyway. I ended up getting out of it. Then she tried to send me to a christian school. I managed to slip out of that as well. I'm constantly berated with hate and judgement for little things now. My mother and her girlfriend have confided in my brothers that they certainly hate me, and they made me aware of what was said. I've been trying to stay with friends all the time to get away from home. My junior summer I got my license and a little 99 Tacoma (mother wouldn't led me get my license on time as punishment for god knows what ) she requested I paid insurance and gas for the truck (this was summer, I was a lifeguard) so I'm like no big deal okay its 100$ a month that's nothing. (I took several education courses for driving and only have liability for 100$ a month. Feels a little weird but I believe it) now I'm working during school, all my classes right now are extremely difficult and I have several projects that seniors have to do to graduate. I literally have to be able to drive to get my work done as I stay after every day to do work for an online class I took and do a few projects. Then at 3 o clock nearly every day I go to work for four hours. I recently started only working twice a week because of school (failing math, need help)  and I can't pay insurance, I can barely pay gas. She is piling all of these payments up and expects me to pay them. I'm at 700$ now. I am about to fail highschool. She takes away my keys and cell phone once a week or so for a couple days because I argue back or something along the lines of that. I'm expected to get up at 5am ride the bus and be home and not work but still pay insurance apparently. But that's not the big deal I'm posting this about. Whenever I talk to her about how I feel, she invalidates my feelings and claims I am manipulating her to get what I want. Then punishes me by taking everything I own away. In fact she did it an hour ago. I'm sending this off of my hidden tablet as I can't take it anymore and want a change in my life. However I don't want to fight courts to live with my father and change schools the semester of my senior year. But if I don't I will most likely fail. A few months ago I started getting suicidal thoughts again. Worse and worse. I'm at a point where I'm absolutely ready to take my life. But I do want to try one last time to make things right. I even ran it by her, at first she was extremely angry, telling me I am exactly like my father and such, cursing me etc. Then she became upset and seemed pathetic, then back to anger very fast. I wasn't surprised, she will get angry with me go crazy then buy me something or fast food to make up for it. Which is bs. But sometimes she gets extremely angry then cries to make me feel like Its my fault and that I'm guilty. Then goes back to anger. These were very uncommon when I was younger, but about a year ago she got a hysterectomy and they got more common. I just do not know what to do besides end it. I've tried every possible arguement. I've told people. They think I'm crazy (I have a large house nice things lake house etc, my moms actually extremely bad with money and complains about debt constantly even though she bought two houses new fast cars a boat jet skis etc) I'm going to try to talk to a counselor for the first time in a decade tomorrow, although it will be a free school counselor I'm hoping for the best. I'm leaning towards our male counselor as I have a general distrust of women due to my mother and I feel like they will band together or to against me like her and her girlfriend do.. I'm absolutely terrified. I do not feel safe anywhere. My heart races constantly and I've developed anxiety. I started smoking weed and drinking so I can actually be happy occasionally. I realize this sounds textbook awful. But its absolutely true, and my mother is a fantastic actor in front of other people and great with words, so I expect this entire thing to blow up in my face and everyone turned against me, but im going to try. Any tips or anything ??
So back story: I was emotionally abused for a year by my first boyfriend at 14. Still trying to move on from that trauma, but its all basically still there.I started working at my job a month ago. One of my coworkers and I started talking, kinda hitting it off. He just asked me if I'd like to go have some lunch or coffee with him. I kinda got scared. I freaked out. But I still said yes.For all if this time that I've known him, he's sweet and caring. In fact, it was snowing the other day and couldn't get to work because the roads have not gotten cleaned. I later get a text saying "hey, I heard what happened, are you okay?" Saying that does say that he's a caring person. I'm just scared.. what if *it* happens again? That's what I'm terrified of. It's been 7 years and I'm still having problems trusting and going for it.I just needed to get that out. Has anyone else had this problem?
I recently moved back home with my mother who told me I had to live here while I was transferring to another college. She hasn't given me my own room or space and half my apartment is still in my car.  She doesn't respect me or my time and constantly tells me how ugly I am with all the acne on my face.  I've become recently stressed now that school is going full force now and she's constantly forcing me to take pills and drink things that I do not want to.  She is hellbent on controlling me and my life and it's not even for my benefit at this point.  She has a problem with everything I do and I'm absolutely sick of being forced to live my life like this. We just got into a huge match and she hit me while I was trying to do my homework. I'm sick of this life and this home and I honestly would rather die than have to live another day here.
I have no where to go. I'm am constantly emotionally abused by both parents, told I'm worthless, the reason for abortion, that I'm not going anywhere with my life. I've never felt safe at home, at the very place that I'm supposed to be protected. Ever since I was little, I was talked down to. I thought this was normal, as it has been happening for so long. My step father came into the picture after an abusive relationship between my mom and dad, and he was even worse. (On a side note, the oldest son of my step father raped me for around eight years {ages 6-14})My mother is very manipulative and controlling. She makes everybody believe that she is the victim. I wasn't allowed to go out with friends until middle school, and even then I could hardly ever go anywhere. My step father is *very* controlling. He had a bad childhood, so he tries to keep everything together by laying down rules. We have never been trusted with anything. I was once scolded for several hours for stealing a house key... that he later found in their room. Every aspect has been closely watched or controlled in every fashion. Want water? You must ask (and potentially get yelled at). Want to go outside and play? Haha, no. I wasn't allowed outside until I was a sophomore in high school.I'm now almost 18. I'm holding a steady part - time job while I'm still in school, and plan to go to college asap. My bank account is stalked by them, my phone is tracked.... Every thing I do is documented. Right now I just got out of another fight with my "mother". I'm sneaking this to try and ask advice. When she hits me and claws me, she's very careful to not leave a mark. I do have pictures of [bite marks]( http://i.imgur.com/fXR5CuR.jpg) though.
I can’t believe I still want him. I can’t believe there was a moment (even a few moments) today when I wished I was with him. I wished that he and I were going out to dinner and a movie tonight. I wish I had somebody to hold my hand and take me out.And that’s just it. I wish I had “somebody”.  I don’t wish I had him. I had a dream, nay, a nightmare the other night. I will not describe it here because frankly, I do not want to remember it. But it was a reminder of why I had to leave.Leaving an abusive relationship is never easy. But its not like once you get out, your life is normal. It is a constant series of flashbacks, depression, loneliness, and low self-esteem. But there is a light in the darkness, and that light is the future. A future I can now have.I haven’t written a thing since the abuse began, and this is my first post since it has ended. I used to write about profound love, the kind that makes your heart melt and your stomach flutter. The kind that is worth waiting for and giving everything for. It is hard to accept that love is gone.I do not doubt that he loved me once. I know what I felt was real. But an abuser has a fundamental psychological condition that one cannot change with love. And that is hard to accept. People ask survivors all the time why they didn’t leave. I thought I could help him. I saw him as a kind, generous, loving man. But within him lived a monster, almost a second personality. He was two people. He was my best friend and lover, and then he was a demon and my enemy. His eyes would change. I could see that something inside him had changed when he would hit me. And thats why it was so easy to forgive him when he was crying at my feet, apologizing, knowing that what he had done was wrong. But as many times as he promised he would stop, he would always break his promise again. Because to be an abuser is to have a demon within you. And no amount of my love could destroy it. And that is why it is hard to leave. Because you have to accept that love cannot heal a broken mind or a haunted soul. That kind of healing has to come from within. And I hope that one day, he can heal himself.
Hi I live in Texas and my dad is emotionally manipulative and abusive. He recently got a kidney transplant so he's living in his office/man cave for about two months. He's an alcoholic as well. Basically I want to know what we should do for my mom. At this point it's either get a divorce or get used to the fact that he will be an abusive ass until he's dead. So any advice for my mom and my family? 
Hello. I am  20 year old student. First, I'm typing this between a break of studying for my final, so, I can respond with more information/detail as needed about my current situation.I have navigated reddit before but I apologize if I am ignorant about formats and shorthand. And, I'm sorry if this is lengthy.I hate opening about how I have this or that illness, as it's not a great introduction, but I have major depression and anxiety. These run in my family. I have also suffered with body dysmorphia and anorexia in the last two years.My dysmorphia and what my body has been through has effected my mind. Figure sketching is much more difficult, as an example. My stuttering/mixing up sentences has gotten worse, too. But I'm not sure if this is related.I am a legal adult living with their parents. They are Christians.  I have three family members, who are as follows.X, my mother.Y, my father.Z, an undisclosed family member.Where to begin. I am trying to type this as simple and detached as I can, but it's hard to do. I was never particularly close to either of my parents because of what they do. I have decided to leave, but more on that later. I can't remember a time where my father wasn't angry or yelling. He moved here to the united states at a young age. I think he gets most of this from his father.My mother is the same. She has lived a hard life. My mother has, from the beginning, been manipulative. If something doesn't go her way, she makes everybody feel terrible for it. "Well one day I'll just die and then you'll be happy." as a response to a non-heated disagreement. She's the kind of person that makes waitresses feel bad for the mistakes of cooks. Last week, without exaggeration, there was this exact exchange between us. "I don’t put plates on my floor.""You know what? You think you’re better than me."This has been a formula for non-stop fights, arguments, passive-aggression, and yelling for the last 20 years. And I can't take it anymore.From as early as 5 years old I remember getting things thrown at me, hit, smacked across the face, etc. The number of these incidents have dwindled, but can pop up time to time even now. My mother often gets offended that I would throw my hands up in defense, thinking she was going to hit me. And then I feel bad.As a child, the tiniest part of me was aware this was not okay, but I had no other reference point besides television stories. I resigned myself to thinking all families must do this. One of my clearest memories is my mom sitting on the sofa and throwing the remote at my face. I remember it really well because I was so shocked. About a year ago, my mother (drunk) got upset with me and bent my finger back so hard I cried. And Z sided with my mother that I deserved it.My home life is pretty strange at least. My parents' response to this two decades worth of behavior on repeat is that things could be worse.The only other prominent thing I think to note at the moment is that I have had no sense of privacy or identity. Sometimes I would wake up and find my mother looking through my things in the middle of the night. I would come home and find myself in trouble for not being the perfect Christian model as they produce something they found in my room.On the subject of my illnesses, my mother had only taken me to a psychiatrist because somebody bothered picking up a note saying I was going to take my own life. This is also something I struggle with.Exploring treatment was stopped by my mother, saying it was "too unbelievable" of a concept for her to grasp. It was about her.This would later be echoed by me venting online on how my mother had struck me on my private blog, and when it was found by a friend, my parent's anger and pain came from the fact that I had "ruined my relationship with [friend of theirs]"My concerns are:1) Is this abuse? Or is my perspective skewed somehow? I really want to understand.2) What do I do about it? How can I leave? I would have reached out to somebody before now, but I  have been threatened/controlled before. They mentioned how things would become worse.I've had my laptop destroyed, my iphone (which I had bought with my own money from the jobs I was able to get) taken away like I was still a child...My father is good with computers and has forcefully tried to read them for my activity online. I have done nothing bad but have friends online. Ones I don't have otherwise.I'm not allowed to have a job or learn how to drive.  I bring this up and my mother often, and she insists she do it. I also only have one (pre-approved) friend in real life. All of my other friends weren't the christian chasity mold.One of my best friends irl is Wiccan, and I struggle to keep in contact with them. I don't have a lot of rl connections beyond the ones that haven't died from school years.I guess the thing that hurts me most is that they make me feel bad for staying in my room, when they know I can't go anywhere. It's hurtful, considering they overlooked it when I lost a bunch of weight from what I'm going through.They have willingly and literally turned their back to me when I suffered most.It feels like my parents only consider about 10% of the person that I am. When I tried to come out to them, they brushed it off."We'd love you no matter what, but you're not that."I can't take the isolation anymore. I feel bitter, hateful, sometimes. Sometimes I am snippy back. This is not who I am.  And I have no idea what to do about it. I feel powerless.I am sorry if I sound whiny or childish. I feel I absolutely do sound this way. I don't know who to turn to.thank you anyone who reads. I appreciate it a whole lot.
At the age of 13 I started having weird images. I figured they were immoral adolescent imaginings but... I know they're not now. I imagined my mother. We had moved into a cramped one bedroom apartment and I started having those thoughts. I started having all the symptoms and I would frequently try to understand what was wrong with me, I knew that something was wrong. Anticipation of early death was the strongest, I thought everything was gonna kill me and I wanted it to too. I didnt know until this very disturbing and eye opening happened, I went to bed and woke up with her hair in my underwear. It wasn't there before, I know it was not, and all of the sudden these memories flew to the surface. I threw them away as quick as I could, they were so scary, I couldn't handle it. Now I'm grown up and very very far away and these thoughts are killing me. They are ravaging me internally and I just want them to go away. I know it's not something you hear a lot about a teenage male being abused but... please help however you can
well every since i was a little boy im now 16, my dad has hit me many many times throughout my life and most recently tonight. there are so many different instances where this has occurred but i will explain a few.First of when i was about 8 or 9 years old i was home playing my xbox original. next to the xbox was the home phone which kept calling over and over. i answered each time but no one would respond. it was starting to irritate me. eventually when the next ring came through i picked up the phone and said "shut up!" and put it down. then about 10 minutes later my dad comes storming down stairs saying "WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU SAY TO NONNA(grandma)!!!!" i didn't know what he meant. it turned out my grandma was trying to call but something was wrong with the phone. i immediately apologized but he kept swearing and screaming. he then grabbed me by my hair and pulled me upstairs the whole time i was screaming for him to let go. by my hair he dragged me into my room and started repeatedly punching me and slapping me. after that he made me stay in my room for the whole day. instances like that where i did something by accident happened countless times.For example just tonight, i am now 16, my grandma, mum, two cousins, me and of course my cunt of a dad were all eating dinner. we get onto talking about religion. i dont believe in religion at all and dont agree with it. dad puts his religious views onto topic and i weigh in and oppose them not in a bad way, i just make some logical points against him. anyway after discussing for a bit out of no where he grabs my arm pulls me onto the table and starts punching me over and over. i scream to him what the fuck is wrong with you? he gets and cocks he fist back and threatens to punch me in the face. he then tells me to shutup and stop being a smartass. to be honest i fucking sick of him, i hate him, i lost my love for him long ago, we have never seen eye to eye and never will. i would greatly appreciate some advice on what to do? any help would be great thanks a lot :) 
My sister is 23. She is with a guy who is 55 yrs old,he is controlling, abusive - mentally and physically- she tries to leave but he brings up her very painful past, which this girl has been through a lot,when we think we got her safe,she thinks he has changed or she deserves what he does to her. Long story short, what should I do? Thank you so much.  Signed,N. Sotaski
She told him: you can have my body and all the rest Since you tore the heart out of my chest. Do what you want with it if you will, for tender hearts you learned to kill. Has the thought ever entered your mind, that love for you Could be so blind? You say that love is just a tool. That is used by a fool! There is no such thing as love just human desire And we must learn to put out the fire! We have become putty in your hands, and how to mold you understand. The feelings you showed was just a ploy, so you could get in and destroy. She had been hurt by love so many times before That she decided to close the door. No longer would she let anything in Unless it was a love that she could win. The men in her life were vultures tearing her flesh apart Just to get to her heart. No one knows the strength of a woman with a broken heart That has been shattered and torn apart. Like a rubber ball, she will bounce back, and the odds against abuse will be stacked. She has learned from day to day that with her heart you will not play. With the strength of a tiger she will attack and there will be no turning back She will tear at your heart the way it was done to her and laid at her feet For all the other vultures who want to eat.louis rams 
when they met, she could'nt know that later on, his true colors would show. he beat on women all his life then he made her ' his wife'. just so that he could have a puching bag and that part of life ' is very sad'. in his life he saw abuse and decided to put it to use he thought that it would keep a woman in line and to them ' it was just fine'. he did not think, nor did he care if to his wife, it was fair. he broke her nose and fractured her ribs because she refused to give the sex that he so desired just to satisfy his inner fire. he thought that she was something that he could use, as he felt fit. til the day that she opened up her mind and decided that it was time to stop this physical abuse for crying, was of no use. so when he came home after drinking that night, and started his routine fight she was prepared for his attack and she was ready to fight back. when he raised his hand to strike she then showed a 12 inch knife. 'touch me again and you will see that you'll be part of history.' he lowered his hand in dismay she knew then-she could not stay. the following day she packed her things and on the dresser, left her ring. (leave him after the first time for there is no dividing line. he will continue his attacks then there'll be no turning back)louis rams
Just some background, I'm 18, in college, living at home. I'm not sure if this counts as abuse but here goes:My dad and I have never had a good relationship. Everything he does pisses me off so I try to avoid talking to him as much as possible. He's *insanely* strict, as in I can't leave the house by myself, I can't open the front door when I'm home alone (like to check the mailbox), I can't hang out unless it's going to very few friends houses/the mall. This rules out sleepovers and going to guys houses and other stuff. He gets angry extremely easily. Every little thing sets him off. We have to walk on eggshells around him bc even a joke will have him screaming. He's violent when he's angry, not towards me but to the objects around him. He'll throw stuff and break things and start screaming (and i mean screaming) out of rage. 3 days ago after I came home from a long day at work he told me to help him with computer stuff. I fucking hate helping him because he breathes down my throat while I'm helping, takes forever to "check over" what I did, and is overall a pain in the ass. He gets mad when I can't figure something out. Anyway I didn't help him that day because I was tired as hell, and after that I just assumed he did whatever he has to do on his own because he was spending a lot of time working on the comp. Today he starts screaming at me in the car on the way home from picking me up from work, like complete screaming. He's saying I'm unappreciative, that I hate him, that he wishes he could just die so I could be free of him. Really nasty stuff. All because I wouldn't help him on the laptop. I know it was stupid of me not to help, but I honestly don't think I deserve this. He's slamming his glasses on the floor, screaming out so loud I almost shit my pants, he's calling me a bitch. He got physical with me, nothing lasting but it made me a little nervous. I can't move out because I'm not allowed and also because I have no money or car. However once I move away for school (Im transferring colleges) I'm going to cut him off completely. I would rather be in debt from loans than keep him around so he can pay my tuition. It probably doesn't sound that bad because I suck at explaining, but I don't know how to manage until I transfer. I hate him so much. I probably wouldn't cry at his funeral. I can't stand him. I feel no love for him. I really need help, I just dot know what kind of help. Please excuse any errors, I'm on mobile bc he has the computer and f I try to get the computer he's going to scream at me. I'm currently trapped in my room. 

Just some background info on me:- 21 yrs old- female- university student- live with parents and 2 younger siblingsI'm not sure if this qualifies as abuse or not, but here goes....My father and I don't have a good relationship. I avoid talking to him unless absolutely necessary because he sets me off with whatever he says. It has sort of added up over the years you know?For all intents and purposes let's refer to my dad as "He" or "Him" because I do not feel that he is worthy of such a title. It angers me to call him something that he is obviously not. To understand why I have such a reaction to him, here's a list of incidents that occurred over the years:1) I remember when I was younger, around 7, my whole family (Him, mother and younger sister) went to the beach as a family trip. When we came back, my sister and I were so excited to be able to play with the neighbor's daughter that we ran up the apartment stairs to play with her - without helping our parents unload the car. Anyway, He got so angry that when my little sister and I returned home, we got a beating. Yes. A beating. For not helping unload the car. It was so bad because I distinctly remember my nose stinging and slightly hot, so I stuck a finger up it and when I pulled it out, there was blood. I don't remember my little sister having a bust nose but I'm glad because she's 3 years younger than me, so 4 is too young having to deal with that sort of thing you know? Anyway, we were crying a lot and when I showed her the blood we started sobbing even louder. 2) I remember one night, after my mother gave birth to my 2nd sister (3 daughters in total, with me being the eldest), we were sleeping. It was Him, myself and the newborn (around a few months old). The 3 of us were on a double bed and were sleeping in order of age - the youngest next to the wall so she doesn't tumble off the bed. I spent the whole night half awake because I was scared of squashing her, but I was also on my back for majority of the time so I decided to turn over - fully aware that my little sister was next to me. He used that as an excuse to hit me hard at least 3 times. I woke up fully, distraught and confused. Why would he hit me awake? It didn't make sense. Needless to say, to grabbed my bedding and cried myself to sleep on the floor. When I woke up in the morning, my He asked me why I had moved to the floor. When I told Him what He did, He just shrugged it off and said "I didn't want you to roll over and squash the little one." 3) This one happened a few years ago. I volunteered to cut my middle sister's hair in order to save my parents money. This was the first time doing so and it came out rather well. It was a nice and even cut, just ~2inches shorter than what my parents wanted - I didn't realise that when you wet hair, it pulls it down making it appear longer. Anyway, He used that as an excuse to have another go at me. The result was him grabbing my laptop (I scrimped and saved from my first job for that - $1500 ain't cheap) and threatening to throw it on the ground just to make a point. I tried to get it back from him but he pushed and shoved me. I ended up calling him an asshole and to this day I do not regret it one bit. 4) This was a few months ago, one of our cats ran into the house and broke the coffee plunger (cheap and easy to replace. I had no problem replacing it because I've got a steady part time job and it was my fault that the cat ran in). He used that as reason to yell, saying that I'm not responsible enough, this is all my fault, etc, etc. I got pissed. The reason the coffee plunger was out in the first place was because my two younger sisters were too lazy to put it back. I told him so. He got mad. I got even more angry and told him, "Leave me alone!" Everything devolved from there. “You mean nothing to me!” He shouted to me. Tears streamed down my face as I absorbed His words. Twenty one year old me shouted back: “You’re a horrible person! This is why you have so many problems! You don’t want to see what’s right in front of you!” Him: "I've got horrible children! Horrible children!"  5) This just happened today, about an hour ago. I had just unloaded my clothes from the washing machine and had taken out one of those portable drying racks to hang the damp clothes on. It was in the entrance of the lounge but there was still space for everyone to walk up and down. Anyway, before I can start to hang up my clothes, He comes in and says to me, "You need to move. I have to iron my clothes." WTH? I just got here and you had all the time in the world to do this yet you choose now to do it?? So I said to him, "Give me a few minutes to hang up my clothes and you can come." I was totally calm and rational. Him: "I need to do it NOW! I have to leave in 30mins!!" I sighed audibly because I knew he was in a foul mood. He takes the rack and throws it towards the center of the living room. The rack disassembles and pegs go flying on the floor. I got so angry that my hands were shaking as I cleaned up the mess He made and reassembled the rack on the spot where He flung it. Me: "Why did you do that?!" Him: "WELL I TOLD YOU TO MOVE AND YOU DIDN"T!!"Me: "I'm going to tell Mum when she comes back!" Him: "Yes. Go run to your mother. I don't care." He then comes in yelling, "Why do you have your damp clothes on the sofa???!!"Me: "It's leather, so don't worry."Him: "It's leather so it will soak into the material!!! Why don't you use a bucket?? For what do we have buckets in this house??"He storms off to go and get a bucket. In all honesty, I've done this before and never had any issues, but anyway....He was just being an ass. As fucking usual. He thrusts the bucket into my hands and I shove my clothes into it before continuing to hang them on the rack. Then He brings out the ironing board and places DIRECTLY next to the rack, making it awkward to hang clothes. It was nowhere near to where He had previously told me to move from. I made a comment on this and he started to shout.Him: "I fucking told you to move the rack and you didn't! Here! I'll fucking move it for you!!!!" And he makes a big show of taking everything and placing it in the corridor and yelling and swearing. Me: "It's not my fault that you're late!" Him: "That's right! It's never your fault! You never do anything right!!"Me: "Don't take it out on me!"Him: "I've got to do EVERYTHING in this house! I've got to go to work, I've got to come home and do more work!!" He continues to rant about how unfair his life is and about how much he has to do.  I continue to hang my clothes and disappear into the bedroom I share with my sisters so I can cry silently. There have been other incidents, but I can't remember them that well...Honestly, I fucking hate him. He has made my life miserable and refuses to change his fucking stubborn ways. He uses me as a scapegoat for the wrong things my sisters do by saying that I am the eldest and have to be a good role model and if they do anything wrong, it's because of my shitty attitude.I hope this fucker dies soon so my life can be peaceful.   
My girlfriend, her mother, and her sister have been enduring physical and verbal abuse from her father all her life. She has told almost a dozen people, and we have attempted to go to the police twice and CPS once. The problem is, they have done absolutely nothing. The police have interviewed him and sided with him, and CPS has promised to do something, but this promise has not been kept. The police demand physical evidence like bruises and injuries, and they've actually gone to the house after a 911 call but left after her father persuaded them that nothing was wrong. Is there anything, anything at all that can be done?
I feel stupid asking, but I'm not completely sure so.. please be nice about it. I'm not sure if this is abuse or not.Around 8 or 9 years old, I did something I shouldn't have (not gonna explain it), but at that age I didn't know what the results would be but anyway I had my hair grabbed and pulled me back by it. This was a full grown man doing this.As a teenager the same person got mad at me for something I did (not that bad really) and chased me around trying to grab me and I assume hurt me. I got away but I feel like that doesn't matter because of the intentions. I only remember these 2 instances that I feel like might have been abuse but I'm not really sure because it was only twice and they were years apart. I was spanked as a child but I don't feel like that's abuse. My husband says the hair thing was way too far as punishment though he never says it was abuse, but I haven't directly asked him either. Anyway, growing up I was always afraid of the person who did this and hated him... things are different now so I don't ever want to bring it up to him. I think he was under a lot of stress and had an anger problem which is no excuse but I don't know if he even remembers doing these things.
So I've been having this recurring memory about this girl I used to play with when I was younger. I'm a girl. My next door neighbor was this girl who was a few years older than me. I think I was 3 or 4 at the time and she was around 8. We would have sleepovers and play all the time. I liked her a lot except when she made me play house. And it wasn't like "I'll make pretend dinner for you" she would make me perform oral sex on her and on occasion she'd do it to me. I didn't like it at all.  Eventually I moved and never told anyone. But what I'm having a problem with is I'm sometimes not sure if this is a memory or just my fucked up brain making it up. I don't have anything else like this from when I was a kid and it's kind of vivid which makes me think it might be real. Does anyone else have memory/stories like this? What should I do? Should I be more open about it? Would it help? I honestly just don't know what to make of it.Edit: sorry if this is the wrong place to post this. I didn't know where else to post. I'm relatively new to reddit. 
I recently found out my older sister was abused when she by our former next door neighbor. I've been told by other victims of the same person that she was included. Her boyfriend also told us that she had broke down crying about 2 months prior and admitted the whole thing, saying that she could never tell my mother and was thinking of telling her soon. However, whenever my mother has tried to talk about, once it was out in the open, she never admits it happened and says she never talked about it to her boyfriend. We want to get her help for the abuse, but we need her to admit it happened first. I was hoping you guys could help with getting her to admit what happened and help her realize that it isn't her fault. Thank you in advance,Steven
I'm a bit lost mentally at the moment, and I almost can't figure out exactly why I feel like I am developing a mental health issue. I'm 18 and a senior in high school, currently with a nice job for my age, friends, and am with families considered in the middle class. I've always been considered to posses above average intelligence/creativity, sometimes driving me crazy due to intricate thoughts I can develop. I'll start my issues from an early age: Around ages 8-10 my mother was severely struggling with alcoholism and essentially relying on "goldigging to feed me and my sibling" I specifically remember one Christmas being homeless and breaking into an empty house for sale, or even living with her wealthy friends she somehow knew. She married a man for a year who was extremely abusive and threatened to murder me on more than one occasion. I often would hear her be punched and fall, and can still hear screaming for him to stop going up the stairs to come after me to this day. She'd sometimes not show her face all day and remain in the basement because of bruises etc.Remember, I was 9-and at the time I could never process the severity of it or that it was not normal behavior. My single father was making good money and attempted to provide us with a concrete foundation. As I entered my teenage years I grew depressed often, but still never recalled on my troubles from being a child. Now, I have been having trouble getting the disturbing past out of my mind and come off as a very anxious, highly emotional person. I always have a feeling as if i'm a nuisance to people..I've even settled on the fact that I am very resentful of myself for certain reasons. Suicide floats in my mind from time to time, but I would never seriously consider it unless these problems continued into adulthood.  My sibling is currently in rehab for numerous substances, my mother is still an alcoholic but more self-sustainable. I have a long future ahead of me and I would to reach my full potential and am scared this could be a roadblock that could spiral me off course. I already notice it deteriorating some of my friendships.  I do not know who really to talk to about this because it is a secret I am yet to share..if anybody has advice/whatever it would be appreciated..I'm just trying to figure out if seeking psychiatry or if it's obvious i have a mental health issue.i don't fucking know. thanks for reading anyways, appreciate anything.
Before 3rd grade I had a best friend that I would see a lot. One day I just cut off the friendship by telling him "I don't want to be friends with you anymore" but I don't remember why. I do have memories of him and I doing some sexual things such as dry humping each other and kissing each other on different parts of the body. I am almost positive that he was the one who initiated all of this but I recently talked to him about it and he doesn't recall any of this ever happening though he said he had his own issues. Because of this I got introduced to masturbation at an early age and recall using the dry hump technique to get myself off a lot.Now I wouldn't say I am depressed but I'm not real happy either but that could be due to my past issues of stuttering. This just seems like childhood sexual exploration but it doesn't seem right.
For years now my dad has been abusing my whole family. He doesn't physically hit us but he threatens to take away our "privileges" (he is the only working parent, stay at home mom). He even goes so far as to take away my moms phone. He never pays any interest in my life other than to tell me how I need to start making a life for myself (I'm a freshman, 4.7gpa). Recently we have had a huge blown up fight which is still going on and I don't know what to do. His personality is such where he can't accept he has or ever has done anything wrong and the other person is always (ALWAYS) at fault. He is also extremely lazy, he does no work around the house and uses the fact that he earns money as an excuse. Please help.
So, I guess I'll keep this short...I'm 17f, and my dad has abused my mom physically and emotionally ever since some of my first memories. I called the cops on him when I was 12, and this summer, told a therapist about it because now he's starting in on me,CSD was supposed to step in, but never did, then the therapist was suddenly "too expensive". My boyfriend and I plan on making Aliyah when I'm 20, and he's 21, (Jews going back to Israel) and I've got all my college ducks in a row for continuing my media career there. (He's going to be a history teacher. :) ) But my mother keeps trying to make me feel guilty for "leaving her" and my sister just yelled at me for getting to leave to my boyfriend's house whenever I want...I feel like I can't make it 2 years and 3 months...my dad is slowly turning his focus on me, and I already have panic and PTSD, along with Celiac and recovering from RND..TL;DR I can't get away from abusive dad for 2 years 3 months at least, help.
I hope that this is the right place to post this. It is hard for me to talk about it with people--I have a bit of a "hardened shell" personality. I don't even know what I'm doing or if I'm making myself look like a fool. I am an adult now--in my 20s--I used to have a fairly abusive stepfather between the ages of 5 and 10. There are a number of things I can recall of how he was abusive--I was afraid to pee in the bathroom during the night because he would wake up and yell at me harshly (this led me to steal my baby sister's diapers to defecate into and throw away in the morning in order to avoid this), he would grab me by the neck and force me to watch TV with him, he would constantly tell my mother I was the problem with their relationship, he would mock my stuttering (a trait that I believe was developed in response to his behavior. I no longer have a stuttering problem), I could go on but I suppose this is not the point of this post.I found out much later from my mother that he was sexually abused in a very severe way by his father when he was a child. His left arm was covered in horizontal scars--which him and my mother explained to me that it was a workplace accident with shattered glass but as an adult my mother explained it was self abuse (cutting). I cannot remember most of my childhood from this time (5 years to 10 years) and in fact I have a better memory of my childhood before this time, but I am able to remember bits and pieces. One part that disturbs me is this distinct memory of him insisting that he watch me while I shower in order to make sure that I am thorough enough--that I wash everything. He acted rather angry while he watched me, telling me how to do things and whatnot. This is all I can really remember. As I said I seemed to have blocked out most of my memories from this period of my childhood. My stepfather had a close friend who used to come over frequently and took me and my sister out a few times to museums and whatnot. Later my mother told me that she stopped contact with him (after her and my stepfather separated) because she thought that he was interested in me in an inappropriate way. I don't know what I'm asking but I felt I should reach out to someone.
From the age of 7-17 I was severely abused (physically) by my biological father. I've since managed to cut him out of my life and haven't had any contact in almost 3 years. In this time, I've recovered a lot, but still have a long way to go mentally and emotionally.One of the lasting impacts of the abuse that I've been unable to let go of is the pervading feeling of isolation and loneliness. Some of this stems from the way my family, mother, grandparents, etc, were aware of the abuse going on, but found it easier to be in denial and ignore what was happening to me. Another thing that has caused me to feel isolated, however, is the lack of conversation, or representation of physical abuse survivors. I don't know why it isn't talked about more. Growing up, and even now, the stories that resonate with me are almost always about sexual abuse. I find that the physical abuse people openly talk about is usually about domestic violence between romantic partners. They focus a lot on how a partner will be up and down, violent and abusive, and then apologetic and compassionate. The abuser has to turn up the charm to prevent the victim from leavingThat's the case with two adults. But it's not the same for children/young adults who can't get away. My father was never apologetic for his abuse. He didn't come on hot and cold. Once he knew my mother had gone into a place of denial and was turning a blind eye, he knew he could get away with anything. He was a vicious sadist. Again and again he violated my physical integrity for his own pleasure and entertainment. No, it wasn't sexual abuse. But growing up, those were the only stories I could relate to.Stories about physical consent being violated. Feeling powerless. Feelings of blame for what was happening. Feeling worthless. Feeling degraded. Feeling unable to seek help or talk about it, because he convinced me that what he was doing was my fault. I don't want to undermine the horror sexual abuse survivors have endured. I don't want to equate the two experiences, I understand there are many differences, but in my isolation, I can't help but draw parallelsI feel alone in what I experienced. I feel like there is no one I can talk to about what I experienced who will understand. Has anyone else had a similar experience? How have you dealt with what happened and started to heal? I don't want stories of childhood abuse to be censored anymore. I don't want to be ashamed of what happened to me. I want to know that I'm not alone - that other people have been strong and overcome this. I admire the community of love and support that has gathered around sexual abuse survivors, and want to achieve something similar for child abuse survivors

I've been quite a lurker on reddit for a while now. Just submerged, umm well I've been having this reoccurring memory, a fragment of my childhood. I think I was 6? Either in infant school (UK) or primary school, My parents and I were living with my godmother and her son at that time. Now first off her son was always creepy and a bully to other people around him, I don't know know if he was like that to me because I really can't recall, that part is too hazy. Now Back to that reoccurring memory (sorry I drag too long) I think it was in the evening, her son and some other kid (probably his friend) were on the couch, I was sitting on the floor in front of them, my expression on my face was static, wierd and  fearful I guess...this is the part is just ugh...My hand was forced to touch his penis almost....messaging it, his friend was just sitting there smiling. That was it, that fragment of my memory on repeat, nothing else.I'm sorry this was just disgusting to type.....this is so frustrating, I don't even know if he or his friend done something else. I guess I blocked it out somehow?. I'm 22 now, I suffer from clinical depression, general anxiety disorder and have some other health issues. I told my parents but they weren't surprised, they knew he was a creepy kid, I forgot to say he was older than me maybe 10 or 11. Anyway...my parents kind of burshed it off, they never brought it up again. I don't know what to feel about it, I'm sorry I dragged this too long, was this abuse?...I can't seem to recall anything else..maybe hypnotherapy might help?. Thanks for reading. 
A little background: I'm a seventeen year old girl living at my grandparents' house because my mother was abusive and negligent and my father wasn't around for awhile. My two brothers, Axel and Alex (fake names), are five and six and still live with my mother.There are a million other nights that have happened like this, but last night was most recent so I'll tell you this one. Last night, my brother Alex (6) had his first grade Christmas concert. On the car ride over there, my grandparents were praising me for my PSAT score and overall being very lauding. When we got there, Axel was in my lap and  paying attention well. Then my grandfather started tickling Axel and making him not pay attention. Because I'm a singer, I knew how I would feel if my family wasn't paying attention, so I elbowed him and told him to stop. He pinched my arm hard, and said to "learn my place" and that he would do whatever he wanted. He kept doing it, and it was making him squirm and not pay attention and be loud. I got angry and picked Axel up and put him on my grandfather's lap. Apparently I put him down a little hard, because my grandfather was angry about it, but Axel didn't look like he even noticed so I didn't realize it at the time. I heard my grandfather tell my grandmother "I'm so fucking done with her" and just completely get pissed off.On the car ride home, the yelling began. I'm going to be as close to their wording as possible. The entire time I was crying as silently as I could, because when they hear me cry when they're mad at me they say it's an act to make them guilty and that I should dry it up.Grandfather: "You could have hurt little Axel's genitals. How dare you? You have no right to discipline me. Do you ever take into account anyone else's feelings besides your own?"Grandmother: "Of course not, idiot! She doesn't care about anyone but herself. She's a selfish little brat, and we never should have taken her in."Me: "I'm sorry, I wasn't thinking about your feelings, you're right. I was thinking about Alex's, because I know I would have been upset if I knew you weren't paying attention when I was on stage."Grandfather: "I can't believe you. Some things are going to change around here. You're going to do all the laundry from now on, and the dishes. [point of context, I have other chores but laundry is not one of them. I already do the dishes and I have no idea what was going on when he said that]"Grandmother: "We are done providing for you. I hope you enjoyed your phone, because I'm cutting it off tonight. I refuse to pay for your gas any longer. You're going to have to work your ass off little lady. We should never have taken you in. You should have stayed with your mother, you're her type." She then began to audibly cry for the entire ride home, even though I had not done a thing to her the entire night, and the argument was completely between my grandfather and myself.When I got home, I did a few chores and then took a shower. After I got out of the shower, it was like nothing ever happened. They were smiling and laughing, and helped me wrap my Christmas presents. This morning, it was the same thing. My grandmother made me breakfast, which she never does, and told me to have a good day. It's like nothing ever happened. My phone isn't cut off, but I'm so scared that they'll go off again.I don't understand how they could pretend that nothing ever happened since last night for a full two hours I couldn't stop crying. Is this normal? Do people just forget things and drop it like nothing happened? I just don't understand, sorry.
I don't know if this is the right place to post but I'm feeling very worried and the advice I've seen on r/relationshipadvice hasn't been quite what I'd hoped for.I'm really worried about my best friend (I'll call her Laura) and I think she might be in a seriously abusive situation. She started going out with a guy (I'll call him Adam) a few years ago and at first he seemed a bit of a playboy but not a totally bad guy. She said she knew he had a history of cheating and sleeping around a lot but was confident that he was a decent person who had changed. But pretty much from day one Laura was constantly worried that he wasn't being honest and would complain to me about how he would hide his phone and computer from her while simultaneously demanding that he have access to all her private conversations etc. It was a big red flag and she tried to get him to change but as far as I know anything he did to change was only temporary and done in order to appease her. A few months later Laura started to talk to me about how Adam would wake her up in the middle of the night with 'rough sex' but would be unresponsive and appear to be asleep when she tried to refuse his advances. She would end up just letting him have sex with her even if she didn't want it because he would get aggressive otherwise. For example apparently he would hold her down and choke her 'in his sleep'. When they spoke the next morning he would always claim to have no memory of it. Still, instead of assuming he was faking and being abusive, Laura would give him the benefit of the doubt and spent a lot of time looking into this supposed 'sleep sex' phenomenon, which apparently has been used in court to plead not guilty to charges of assault.On top of this, their relationship was always rocky because all she really wanted was to have a normal life together, but he was clearly addicted to porn and to sex shops etc. So she would get dragged along to peep shows and fetish shops and the like where he would spend a lot of hours every week. He constantly pressured her into having threesomes with other women despite her having no sexual interest in women, and would guilt trip her if she tried to tell him it wasn't reasonable to expect threesomes when in a monogamous relationship. All this and more continued until about nine months ago when Adam was contacted by police and notified that he'd been accused of rape. I won't go into the details because it's a pretty well-publicised case in my country but basically there are now two extremely damning charges of violent rape, one against a minor. Everyone was shocked, Adam was maintaining that he was totally innocent, and Laura stood by him and spent a lot of time looking into the stories of the two girls who were accusing him. She seemed to be of the opinion that he was innocent and they were making the whole story up for publicity - at worst she said maybe he had sex with them but it was always consensual and they were changing the story in retrospect.It's now been nine months, and the court dates have constantly been pushed back and postponed, but it's pretty clear that Adam is definitely going to jail. He has admitted to statutory rape of the underage girl but is pleading not guilty of any other charges. Keep in mind that the evidence being provided by the prosecution is hundreds and hundreds of pages long, very graphic and detailed etc. Laura is still standing by him.Oh and about six months ago she found out he'd been cheating on her for the entirety of their relationship. She supposedly stopped seeing him when she found out, and came to me crying and telling me she'd been an idiot etc, but now I'm not actually sure that she stopped seeing him at all. She has a habit of doing this kind of thing and hiding it from her friends and family because she knows we'll be concerned. So I think she's probably been seeing him the whole six months but pretending not to. So we all thought Laura was doing the sensible thing and keeping away from Adam, until the other day when she was over at our place for coffee and told us that she and him were back together, and that he had proposed to her and she'd accepted. We were obviously shocked, and she obviously knew we wouldn't be thrilled, but we tried at the time to be as supportive as possible, saying that we didn't hate her (she kept saying 'I know you'll hate me for this') and we would support her choices, and that we were just concerned for her because we want her to be happy. We made plans to catch up with her and another friend in a few days (now today).Sorry this is so long, I'm getting near the end I think!I spent the whole night unable to sleep, worrying about her and worrying about what I should say and how I can be a good friend to her. I didn't feel comfortable saying that I would support her choices, and I couldn't congratulate her on her engagement. I felt sick and scared for her. So the next day I messaged her and asked if she was free to catch up. We went for a walk together and I told her all of my concerns. I told her I was worried she would be abused, I told her I was deeply saddened that she thought the best she could do with her life was to marry a man who's going to jail who clearly doesn't love her. I pleaded for her to rethink what she was doing. But she just kept saying that she understood my concerns but had made her mind up. She knows it's a terrible idea, and that it won't make her happy, but she thinks it's her lot in life and it's better than being single and lonely forever.Anyway, we've been trying to confirm the plans for tonight (it's morning here) and she hasn't been responding to our messages, she left the facebook group we made for her, and after a lot of messages from all of us in the group, she finally messaged one of us back just saying that she's too busy to meet up and will see us in the new year. This is nothing like her, she's my closest friend and we usually see each other at least once a week, often more. I'm scared that I've pushed her away and now she'll be in danger of abuse and isolated from her support network. I feel so guilty. Her parents don't know she's back together with him, and they've moved interstate so they're only around occasionally. I thought about contacting them but I don't know how to get their number without asking Laura for it. I also thought about talking directly with Adam but I think if I do I'll be putting Laura at risk and making the situation more dangerous. Sorry about the huge wall of text, I'm just very scared and I don't know what to do for my friend, I'm worried I'm going to lose her to this abusive psychopath and there's nothing I can do. Can anybody offer any advice?
I have a friend who lives with her boyfriend and she may be in an unsafe situation. She's mentioned before that he has anger issues, drinks a lot, and smokes a lot. She didn't show up to work for two days, messages me on Facebook to reassure me that she was okay, then didn't log on or respond to any of us at work for three days, until she came into work crying and turning in her keys to the store. Later that day, I texted her and asked if she was okay and if she was I'ma safe situation and she responded saying that she wasn't sure and that her boyfriend wouldn't let her leave. Who can I contact/ what can I do about this situation?
Hi...I've never done this before, but I believe that I may be a victim of emotional abuse...I'm not in crises right now, I'm in college and my boyfriend (my abuser) is across the country, but I go home in a few days for break, and he lives 5 minutes away. I don't really know what to do. I am scared to leave him.I have been in a relationship for 5 years. We started dating sophomore year of high school. I truly feel like I love him. However, a little bit after we started dating, he would begin to make comments about television shows I watched (how stupid I am to watch them), about the "stupid" clothes I would wear. I use to perform, and he would refuse to see my shows because he felt that he didn't want to support something so "trivial and attention seeking". I brushed these comments aside, as I was so excited to have a boyfriend, someone who "loved" me.Now I go to college in New York, and he goes to college in Oregon. My decision to go to new york caused a fight, as he felt that I didn't know what I wanted and that i was only hurting him. He keeps claiming that the things I do are signs that I don't love him. I joined a fraternity and he felt that i was putting the fraternity before him. He calls me stupid on a daily bases and constantly claims that everything I do hurts him...he makes me feel like I am the abuser. I just want to leave but I am so afraid he will hurt himself. I don't know how to escape. Please help me.

I want to press charges for the 8 separate occurances of domestic abuse? I have proof in video, photos and marks are seen in the photos. One mark is still on me. The incidents happened ranging from 1.5 years ago until just 2 weeks ago. Can I still take it to the police
Ok, so I'm not sure if I was actually abused when I was a small child. I have little snippets of things and stuff that has been mentioned by others in my family regarding my father that I kind of just brushed aside because "I don't want to be involved." That was a selfish way of thinking, but it is what it is. Let me explain though, why I'm starting to wonder this.My girlfriend and I were having a chat about horrible exes and she had mentioned that one of them who was horrible and had all sorts of substance abuse problems that more than likely stemmed from the fact that he was abused by a family friend and the repressed memories kind of popped back up when he was about 18-19. I had responded with, "Man if I had something like that repressed I would just like to keep it there, buried" and with saying that, suddenly a bunch of questionable past occurrences popped into my head.Like I said, I can't say for sure if something happened to me involving my dad. The memories I have are so vague that it honestly could go either way. I guess the circumstantial evidence may be a bit more damning. The best way to I guess to do this is to list the many things that popped into my head that day. I've tried to arrange them in chronological order.1. I have two vague memories of being in the shower with my father. One time was at a camp ground and I do remember shower space being tight and hey we were both guys so it may have just been a practical decision on his part. The other time was in the shower at home. I don't see any reason for that and it makes me incredibly uneasy thinking about it.2. On the weekend of my twenty-first birthday my brother, who is six years older, randomly and drunkenly tells me that my dad sexually abused him when he was little, probably right before I was born when he was five or six, which is around how old I was when the shower incidents happened.3. I finally moved out of the house after I turned 24 and for almost an entire year I got random texts from my father apologizing for being a horrible father. I couldn't really pinpoint where this guilt came from.4. Less than a year later, my brother, his wife, and daughter make a pretty drastic move to Anchorage, Alaska to live near his in-laws. A month later, I moved to Denver, CO. About halfway into my stay in Denver, my brother starts telling me that my parents are having a lot of problems and apparently he told my mother about the abuse. My mother tells me that she's leaving my father because of all of that. I also start receiving the regretful, apologetic texts from my father again. Then, strangely, everything kind of went back to normal and my mom said my dad was going to get the "help he needed."5. I moved back that Fall (2013) and had to stay with my folks for a few weeks. I could tell that although my parents were together and my father, who seemed be heavily self-medicating on alcohol, was in bliss, my mother was very much unhappy and living in a loveless marriage. I learn shortly thereafter that my brother has not spoken to my father since he left and that has continued to this day, despite him skyping my mother every week, sometimes with my dad in the same room.As you can see, I really don't have a lot to go on. The fact that my mother has stuck around after basically being told that my father fondled a child and that my brother hasn't tried to press any kind of charges against my father in his 33 years of living make me wonder if it's true at all.Still, I have those vague memories that popped back into my head that day and I feel like I couldn't just make that up subconsciously.I'm afraid to ask my brother about it because I don't want what he tells me to drag up even more horrible things from the back of my mind, but maybe that's what needs to happen. Any advice or relatable experiences would be much appreciated.
Besides hitting me, kicking me, calling me a mistake, and more throughout my teen years (I'm 18), I need his financial support to continue my education.What do I do?
What if it wasn't him? What if all those fights were "normal"? What if I just made a big deal out of it and I was never really emotionally abused? What if I'm making everything up in mind?The time he threw his backpack across the hall and yelled at me for talking to a guy, who happened to be a friend. Maybe that was nothing, that's why nobody did anything. What if it never happened? I mean the whole school knew us as a couple. They saw me cry on the hallways. They saw us fight. But they never did anything. Not even my own brother.But maybe they were afraid of the big popular football player. Or maybe I'm just the crazy one. I'm still the crazy one.
After a wonderful afternoon chatting and having sex in a hotel my SO dissolved into an irrational, angry and violent man. He was threatening to leave the hotel (driving drunk, had made verbal threats against hotel staff) so I took his backpack to try to stop him from leaving. Maybe not the best idea but I felt desperate to protect him from himself. This led to him trying to rip the bag off of my arm repeatedly and ended with me on the floor and him over me with his fist clenched. At that point I gave up and let him go. He's moved out of our home and across the country to his sister's house so there is no kore chance of danger. My friends are encouraging me to file charges but I can't decide. I don't wish him harm, but he had charges filed by his previous wife and I don't want him to do this again and wind up killing someone. Plus I can't help but wonder if it might be the trigger he needs to admit he needs help. I'd love to hear your thoughts. 
In order for you to fully understand the situation, I'm going to have to go back a while and make this story a bit long, so I apologize. I have two brothers who're at least 10 years older than me. I'm not very close with either of them, but I have seen and heard enough from our mother to understand why they're at where they're at currently. One of them, let's call him S, is a pretty sweet and caring guy. The problem here is his drug habits that he's dealt with for the majority of his life. He has a felony, therefore he can't get a good nor necessarily high paying job; he can't really keep one either. So he lives with our 50 year old mother.The other, let's call him J, stopped attending school prematurely, therefore he's fucked when it comes to finding a job. Therefore he also lives with our mother. Him, his newborn child, and his girlfriend, which we will call E. A little background on J; he is the abuser. He's always, as long as I can remember, has had a temper. He takes it out on her whenever she says "no" to him. Not only does he abuse her financially, but emotionally. He is manipulative and always gets his way because of it. I'm not talking about the casual stuff he asks for, I'm talking about how he will literally cuss and scream and call our mom names, and be over the top abusive with her when he wants something. For example, when he's out on the street and can't hold a job or can't pay rent, he resorts to asking if he can live at our house "temporarily" until he finds a job. (keep in mind my mom already lives in borderline poverty. Supporting him, his girlfriend and their child puts her below the poverty line because she spends all of what she has on things for them. Even a god damn ps3. She cannot afford these things; especially when he, at 27, should be paying for them himself with his own money.)Well, as you could suspect he stays for as long as he can, and doesn't move out. When she tries to tell him that he can't stay, because of obvious reasons, he gets upset, literally flies off the handle and screams at her; says and sends her disgusting messages, calling her a "fucking bitch" or a "dumbass cunt" and anything along those lines that he can until he breaks her, forcing her to let him come back and stay. This kind of behavior is so often that it's normal, and whenever he stays for a while, he's nice. as soon as that changes he goes back to the same disgusting person. Over and over and over and over again. It's been like this for at least 6+ years. Now he's never hit her to my knowledge, but when I lived with her he was constantly stealing our things, destroying our property when he got mad, and just generally acting extremely shitty towards.. everyone, even me; even his girlfriend. I know for a fact that he's physically abused her. She has as well. Recently our mother told me that E had literally "beaten the shit out of J", over pretty shit. I don't need to go into anymore detail. Long story short, the police arrived, threatened to take her to jail, she left, they left, and then a couple days later she was back in our house again, and is currently still living there. I don't want to go into much detail about E, but she has stolen from us,(the biggest being our deceased grandmother's rings) she has disrespected our mom, neglected her child by not feeding him very frequently or paying much attention to him,(she doesn't own him anymore) and she is generally a shitty person. I don't remember her ever looking for a job even once.  Now a little bit about our mother. She is clinically depressed, medically diagnosed with anxiety, has diabetes, and is literally always broke. There have been multiple times where she has reduced her internet and tv bill to the lowest it can go, she has neglected to fix anything in her house due to money problems, multiple times in which she had been forced to shut her phone off because she couldn't afford it. (which is close to $30, keep in mind) I've talked to her about her situation, but she doesn't see it as a problem. She doesn't see that her being flat fucking broke every day, every week due to things she's in control of, is a problem. I've tried and tried and TRIED to talk to her about how she can get help; how she can try and get her sons out of the house and on their own and I've had multiple conversations over their future with her. Because when she passes, everyone in that house is fucked. All of them are clutching onto her like a lifeboat. She is the reason they even eat every day. Which is an extremely nice gesture if they weren't taking advantage of her. Since I am 17 she doesn't listen to a damn word I say to her. She blows me off and doesn't take me seriously whatsoever. I don't know what to fucking do. I have little to no influence on her or authority over anyone in that house, and I have no idea where to go or what to do. She doesn't think she needs therapy, and she says I "don't understand." How do I help? How CAN I help? I don't have a lot of free time but I want to do something to help. I mean, I don't know anyone personally in her family, and my father doesn't think there's anything I can do, so he isn't concerned with it at all. I think I've said all that I need to say. If you have anything to contribute, all would be appreciated. thank you for taking the time to read this. If you have any questions or don't understand anything, please let me know.
I don't know what to choose, I have no good moves left, perhaps I just want to get this out of me.My friend may have manipulated my feelings for her, in order to gain sexual favors from me, I say may because she honestly may have, or had, feeling for me as well. Much of her attitude and actions towards me seems to fill out the profile of repressed feelings quite well.That I could live with, regardless of anything. However I learned that she had potentially used another for sexual role plays online. This person, another friend of mine, was wondering about their own sexuality, and my friend suggested roleplay to see what "clicked", and became very... Interested and insistent on doing these roleplays. I don't know if she honestly just wanted to help or if there was something more sinister at play.This is something I can't just live with. If she has abused myself and this friend like this, then I have no guarantee she won't do so again to another. My moral code and sense of justice dictates that I should expose her for this, warn others and so forth for the sake of others.However, as much as I would like to, I can't ignore my love for her. She has left me when I needed her the most, but I harbor no resentment in my heart for it, only confusion and sadness. And even though she has left me, I reluctantly admit that her existence and happiness, however distant now, is one of the few things, if not the ONLY thing, holding together my life, soul, and faded will to live, which at current point is nearly shattered and asunder. She had fought tooth and nail to gain what she has today, she works a miserable job, is transitioning, struggles with gender dysphoria, has depression as well as I, and has little to herself in the end.If I were to expose her, it could very well wipe away what she has struggled so long to build up. And to know that were to happen, and furthermore, to know that I was the catalyst for this, I honestly think would drive me to suicide.If I leave her be however, and she does continue, then I would be left broken, a traitor to my own morals. And my sense of self, however faint it is now, might fade in it's entirety.I've always strived to live in a balance of heart and mind, tempering an ice cold justice with a warm compassion, and vise versa, in order to create my sense of morality, and of self.But with this.. I don't know what to do anymore, and it's tearing me apart bit by bit. Either way, I lose, catastrophically.
Hello. My father is emotionally and verbally abusive, and has been my entire life (all 20 years of it). I'm a college student, and still living at home. I don't have a job because my school takes up too much time. I want to get out, without being a burden on my friends or my boyfriend.Is there any form of financial assistance I could get to cover living expenses until I can get a co-op job in May? I've been looking at sharing an apartment with my boyfriend and mutual friend, and money is the only thing stopping that arrangement, as they can't afford to pay what would be my portion of the rent.I've done some googling, but can only find links to information about escaping a physically abusive husband. I can't find anything about leaving an emotionally abusive father.
I've been with my gf for almost seven months now.  She has progressively gotten more physically abusive towards me. I'm a 25 year old male and she's a 20 yr old female.  Both college educated and considered well rounded. If I text a female friend she flips out.  I've been hit, punched, slapped, and kicked by her.  Granted I've said some smart ass things, but I've never been so physically abused by someone in my life. She's sometimes suicidal and has been raped before. She has a verbally abusive mother which I believe to be the cause of her anger issues.  I feel like she doesn't have respect for me and I told her this and she turned it around on me saying all I care about is myself and not her blah blah.  I could write a book. Seriously. But I want to know if any fellow guys have had a woman be so physically abusive.  She'll try snd strangle me (obviously not in a sexual way at all), claw at my neck and face, punch and kick me. I currently have a large bruise on my chest, shins, backhand arm etc.  I know I need to get out of this relationship but idk how.  Is there any other sub reddits this  can be posted to? 
I'm not really sure where to begin reddit. I've been a lurker for about two years now, and I never really expected my second post to be something as petty as this. I guess I'll just start from the beginning. My mom is incredibly poor. Thisis her first job since she was in her early twenties, and she gets paid about $7 an hour (We used to live off of her socialsecurity and the money that my dad left us after he died). Now, I know that 7 isn't too bad, right? There are peoplethat live in incredibly unsanitary conditions and only manage to survive off of meager amounts of food. But, when your mother is often sending money overseas to her family in the Philippines, (about 6 people that she's supporting; my aunt also helps) that barely leaves you any room to live off of when you have a sixteen year old daughter. Reddit, my reason for writing this is because I don't think I can continue doing this anymore. My stepfather (or rather, her boyfriend that we've been living with since I was nine) has left a poor example of what a male figure is supposed to represent. For over a year, we had to shower outside with a fucking hose on our front doorstep because he was too lazy to fix the bathtub that he had torn out. This didn't seem to bother him, and it truly didn't bother me much either until I looked back on it after so many years. There are a plethora of things that have occurred within my life that I would never wish on anyone, and I am at my wit's end trying to comprehendhow things have turned out like this, but after all of the things that have happened these past two weeks (I found a video camera behind my bathroom curtain that was on, which basically recorded me showering. This is illegal and outright disgusts me. Unfortunately, I was too shaken up to take pictures of it as evidence, and I merely handed it to him and questioned with a look of distaste as to why something like that would be there. He merely seemed quite puzzled, and gave me a reaction that didn't appear to be genuine. I discussed what had occurred with my mother, and she merely told me that I should walk around the house more covered up, because she was unaware what his fantasies might lead to.) When I was thirteen, I can recall a time when I was quite cold during the dead of winter, and my mom had wanted me to do something for the animals, (we live on a ranch, he also treats his animals poorly, and mostly forces us to take care of them. The only reason he really continues to have is in order for taxes to stay low) so I obtained the first coat that I saw. Of course, it had to be one of his, and he had already appeared to be angry beforehand by something my mother had said, and as soon as he saw me with it on, he proceeded to take all of my clothes out of my drawers and dump them outside into the  dirt. I was shaken up, and proceeded to apologize fervently to my mother, but he yelled at me to just leave. So, we gathered what little we couldand just sat in a walmart parking lot for about two hours, my mother violently sobbing. I had already become accustomed to his  mistreatment to us, so I was alright at the moment, just worried about how I would get ready for school the next day. From when I was 9-14, he would repeatedly call me stupid for making any minuscule blunders, and even fat when he noticed the slightest degree of change, or merely when he just wanted to tease me (I'm less than 100 pound fyi, and I'm about 5'6. I wouldn't say that there isn't enough food in the house, it's just that the food that we have is mostly frozen because he hoards food, but blames us for keeping the lights on or little things like ordering a drink at a restaurant because it costs too much, then proceeds to chastiseus for doing so). On another occasion, about 4 or 5 months ago, there was this bus boy at a restaurant he seemed to have an interest in me. Helooked about 18-21, and he appeared to be unintelligent and silly, besides, I've had a boyfriend for about a year and six months. Anyways, we went back three times, and eventually, he talked my stepfather (I don't think I've mentioned this, but he's 65 years old, which makes the whole videotaping even more uncomfortable for me) about he had taken a liking to me, and gave him his number. I then proceeded to tell my stepfather that I had absolutely no interest in this guy at all, but for a long time this ashtray of a man has constantly been badgering me to do things that Isimply do not want to do. He often tries to get me to talk to random people on the street due to my constant disposition of being so shy and silent. Anyways, one night when my mom was working a shift until about 1 am, he decides to take me to a movie. About ten minutes into the movie,I noticed him texting a guy that had the same name as the one who worked at the restaurant from a couple weeks back. I only read a bit, in order for himto not think I was nosy, but I had noted that he said we were watching a movie, and there was also something about going to eat at Ihop later. This didn't setme off too much, so I just continued watching the movie, but about 15 minutes later, a figure stood up next to me in the dark, and asked if they could sit next to me. Yes, it was that guy. I sat there for about an hour just glued to my seat, ready to burst into tears, mostly angry ones because I could not comprehendwhat kind of convoluted and twisted man would set up a secret date with someone who I specifically said I did not have any interest in (He was also aware that I was seeing someone, and even told the guy at the restaurant this). When the movie was over, I rushed out to the car, and my guardian proceeded to chastise me, telling me that I was a bitch for not wanting to speak with anyone. I abhor this man. I have spent 80 months this man and today he urinated on the bathroom floor and ordered me to clean it up. I am seen as lazy, a bitch, too hormonal, and never seeming to know what I want in the eyes of this household. My mother has always beenthe one who tries to calm us down, but fails to do since her body is so diminutive. Reddit, I don't know what to do. My mother has a beat down white van that barely even runs sometimes. I have also yet to learn how to drive due to to insufficient funds and because my stepfather refuses to pay for it. I have no family membersthat I would even consider living with, and I feel as though by the time I'm eighteen, I might not even be living on my own (which terrifies me because I cannot fathomliving after becoming an adult. It is a cesspool of hollowed out hearts and incessant uneasiness). Even so, my anxiety has also begin to inhibit me from being able to perform like a regular human at school and in public. I get shy around superiors, and having to retrieve cheese or milk from the produce aisle,and yet I continue to have a torrent of words to expel from my mouth that I continue to let sit there because I am too frightened. My entire life has revolved around being silent and conforming, but I don't think I can continue letting that happen because I am hitting my breaking point and I do not know what to do.I don't even consider my problems to be quite trivial, just insignificant, things that pale in comparison to pressing issues that occur daily around the globe, but they are consuming me. I want to live but I do not know how. 
i need to genuinely ask a question, im going to sum this up as much as possible, otherwise it'll be a novel.ive been in a relationship with a girl for about 3 years. we've known each other for roughly 5. it's a long-distance relationship.we met each other on some art website, and we hit it off really well. we were best friends for a couple of years. though about a year into our relationship, she started to become manipulative and abusive. she would threaten to stop talking to me because i got an iPhone before she did, she threatened to stop talking to me when i was getting my driver's license because she was afraid i would go and 'meet new people', and when i was over at my friend's house for a sleepover, she threatened me to leave or she would never speak to me again. now for some reason, i really valued our relationship enough to keep talking to her instead of just ending things where they were. i have a suspicion it had to do with the fact i was really lonely.she ended up breaking up with her boyfriend, and confessing she had feelings for me. i told her i was straight, and she lashed out, calling me homophobic when i denied her request for us to be together. she twisted my arm enough, threatening me and continuing to call me a homophobe and saying i "didn't care about her" to the point where i finally decided to be romantically involved with her against my own will, /and/ sexuality. she, of course, was happier than ever.she would be taking things too far. while it was over text or messaging online, she would try to push things beyond my comfort zone (sexually). when i would tell her no, she got extremely upset with me and often sulked and guilt-tripped me. freshman year of college (about two years ago, and her having done this for a few months by then) was when it was at its absolute worst. she had me sobbing almost every night and in tears because of a random fight she would decide to have with me. it would be over something ridiculous, too. most of it was jealousy, as she was angry i had friends, and especially angry i was platonically friends with a boy. she got angry at me because i was getting a tattoo before she was. etc etc. finally she brought up sexual advances again, wanting to sext, and going as far as telling me one night after we were getting over yet another fight we had, "i just want to please you so badly." and telling me how badly she wanted to pleasure me, making me extremely uncomfortable. of course, i denied it and told her i was uncomfortable once again, and she, again, sulked over it and attempted another guilt trip. not so long later, she was trying to push me to send her risque photos of myself. she told me i didn't have to be naked, i could be wearing underwear. i told her i was uncomfortable, and she guilt-tripped me again. i gave in, sending her a photo of myself in underwear while she sent me a photo in return, despite me not wanting one. for some reason, somewhere along the lines...i actually wound up romantically bound to her. i'm not exactly sure how it happened, but when she would threaten to break up with me eventually, i didn't want her to. i still didn't want to be in a sexual relationship with her, i wanted it to be strictly romantic if anything. i'll reiterate when i say i don't understand how it happened or even specifically when. i had always loved her as a best friend, but at some point, it was more than that. well, after all this...i'm not sure again how, but she improved. she stopped trying to push me into doing things that made me uncomfortable, and she actually became a reasonable person. but, here's the problem. i noticed i changed, and i changed for the worse by a landslide. my family noticed i had an awful attitude. i was a lot meaner to everybody, including my friends, and it resulted in me losing a few. i then wound up being almost vicious, emotionally and psychologically, to, well, her. and i have been for the past 2 years almost. i would have bouts of me acting better and decent, but it would just get awful again. i get manipulative, i get temperamental, i throw fits easily, i went as far as making her stay awake when she was exhausted several times so we could talk. while i have never pushed her into anything sexual or beyond her comfort level, because i still don't see her that way and don't want anything sexual with her, i've just gotten really mean with her, and yet i feel almost like i can't leave this relationship. i feel disgusting. i was never like this in any of my other relationships, and i've been much meaner with my family and friends. 
Hello, I'm trying to gather some information. I'll try to keep it to the point:My neighbor, a very nice woman, is in what I believe to be a domestic abuse situation, one that seems to be escalating in ways that could soon turn violent. There is a small child (age 6 or 7 can't remember) involved, her daughter, though she is not the child of the man she is married to.In the past few days he has filed for divorce, and this is where I need some information on the laws to help my neighbor. This man has taken out wires from the air conditioning to make it as uncomfortable as possible, and disconnected the oven and refrigerator and removed all food from the house. (I will note here he is the owner of the house on paper, but they have been living together there, married, for some years). Since filing for the divorce he has packed up all of their things and informed them they need to get out of the house immediately.In conversation, my neighbor friend has revealed to me that her husband is extremely verbally abusive, both to herself and her child. It's unclear as to whether it's progressed to physical abuse yet, but it is obvious that she is very clearly afraid of him, keeps mentioning fear of his guns, reprisal, and punishment. She is telling us stories of finding her daughter huddling in a corner very scared after being left alone with him, and some very disturbing things, like forcing her to stand on fire ant hills, to 'learn to be brave'. If this is true, this in particular I'm 100% sure that is child abuse. I don't know what else is going on, as details are leaking out slowly.The daughter is staying with us tonight (I also have a young daughter, and they are friends), and although we've offered for the mother to stay over here too, she has refused out of fear. I don't know much about situations like this, but I want to help my neighbor who is a very kind lady with a lovely daughter. I've suggested to her that the first thing she needs to do is lawyer up, but she doesn't have much money, so that is a worry for her. I'm currently trying to look up Texas websites on how to get her some help, i'm sure there are people out there who deal with this kind of situation.I don't know if it's the right time to pull the trigger on filing an abuse report, I only know of these things by what the mother has told us. I don't know how much that involves me and what happens next, so I am tentative to do so without further discussing it with the mother. She has no reason in my eyes to make any of this up for any reason, and in my personal interactions the husband has always come off as a shady asshole (this is just my impression of the man based on short neighborly conversations). My only dog in this fight is to look out for the mother and child.  Any information would be helpful. Thank you
Hello all,My spouse is a survivor of physical/emotional abuse.  We have been married for years but rarely make a step in the positive direction, and when we do I'm heartbroken when we take a step backwards again.  I cannot suggest that I'm upset when she lashes out at me because I'm "a pussy" and "not a man" and find myself quickly apologizing and admitting that I'm in the wrong... so perhaps I am.  We rarely have sex - I'm gay or have problems with impotence according to her.  We had sex recently because it's the first time in months that we went a whole week without this typical pattern occurring - she was pissed that that night/the next day I didn't want to have sex again, despite saying that I would.  It's because once again, the counter was reset back to zero.  And when I told her a day later why I was upset, it was ridiculous that I was stuck on what had happened and I was being a pussy and not a man, again.She has sought therapy to mend the relationship with her abuser but is not in the wrong at all regarding our relationship and is not interested in seeing a professional to help our marriage.  I'm not perfect, far from it.  But I'm a good man, hard worker, and see myself as a good father and husband.  It's not hard for her to make me second guess that though.I'm just trying to be a good husband/father.  I do love her deeply - if I didn't I wouldn't let this bother me so much.
My stepmom has reached the end of her patience and has just cursed me out, threatened my safety, I don't even know. I entered null mode while she screamed in my face. I can tell you she's punched a hole through my door. I need someone to text a friend so I can be safe. I seriously do, as soon as possible. edit :: I don't own a phone
[A blog post about reactive abuse](http://abusesanctuary.blogspot.com/2008/03/reactive-abuse-what-is-it.html), for reference.I (26/m) have been in a relationship for about 20 months with someone (28/m) who has turned a bit abusive the last several months or so, mostly gaslighting and what people here call "crazy-making." I'm trying to get out, but money is an obstacle and I don't have a better place to go. Also, he wants me to believe he is honestly trying to change.He has been pretty successful lately at getting me to lose my cool. I've threatened to break up with him a lot, only to patch things up later thinking he'll change. I've told him that I'm just with him is because I'm afraid of what he'll do if I leave, which isn't 100% true. I've never physically hit him or broken things (he does the latter sometimes), and I'm very careful to not attack him as a person. The last time we had a fight, I cut my engagement ring in half and threw it on the porch. It was a crappy ring and I picked it out myself, so this isn't quite as bad as it sounds.I apologize when I lose my head, and I feel bad, but I feel like he's using it as leverage against me. He talks about us being "equal partners" and that I should change if he's going to change. I am having a very hard time explaining why unprovoked abuse is different from a handful of regrettable things I've done in reaction to it. He's very adamant that I'm as bad as he is, maybe even worse, since I supposedly don't acknowledge how terrible I am to him.My question is, how far is too far when, in my mind, I'm just standing up for myself? Am I doing the same thing he's doing, by blaming him for my actions? How can you tell who is the abuser and who is the victim?
I started a new subreddit for survivors of violence.  It isn't specifically just for abuse survivors, but it would be great if some of you could head over there and introduce yourselves... maybe share your story?Thanks
I will try to give an overview. I have been married for 5 years. There has always been stress and strain due to having children from past relationships and just regular marriage issues I suppose. However, 3 months ago my 7 yr old came to me and told me how his stepbrother had touched him (down there) and that it hurt so he rolled over and his stepbrother then caressed his behind. He then lay on top of him and then got off. Of course I was horrified and instead of calling the police i called my husband. He didnt want to go through the cops and cps etc.....at the time i agreed with him because members of his family had been involved with cps for one reason or another and it was so traumatic for the kids. I feared for my son as well as my other 2 children (4 yr old boy, >1 yr old girl). So we decided to send him to my husband's mom. His son is 17. I have since found out he showed his penis to my other son (4yr old,would have been 3 at the time) and my boy said something to the effect that his big brother pulled his pants down and sat on his face and it smelled awful. He said also that he put his finger in his butt and made him smell it. Then i find out that (from both my small sons now 4 and 7) that their SB licked their butts? I am just full of worry now and though i have told my husband he thinks it would be worse to go to the cops now. My boys seem alot better now that SB is out of the house but what now? I feel this has been swept under the rug. My husband feels terrible i know but everyday i feel that we made the wrong choice. We live 1 hr from SB and i will never let him near my children again but is that enough? My husbands family knows what happened but still choose not to believe it. I believe my boys. My 7 yr old told me this totally out of the blue when SB wasnt home. When i look back there were red flags I did not see and I am ashamed I didnt and let my boys down. I am afraid to make them relive this nightmare but what do I do? I am certian that if I keep bringing it up or go to the police on my own my marriage will end. My stepson is not a threat to MY home as he will never step foot in it again but he is still my husbands son. He loves him. But he knows we cant have him around. I really feel like this is having a toll on me mentally. I feel very wrong. I am also afraid that cps would take my kids now bc i didnt contact them first....also my stepson would be arrested and then what after that? I love my children more than anything. They are my world! I would die without them. My boys are the sweetest boys you would ever meet.  They both still ask abt their SB sometimes. They still love him! I almost feel like I am the only one to freak out here! My husband confronted his 17yr old and basically his son admitted to what my 7 yr old said but to nothing else. He also had no remorse or at least never said he was sorry or anything. In fact my husband said he hardly spoke at all. So that makes me more angry. Its been 3 months and I still cant just let this go like my husband has seemed to do. He is so closed off unless we have sex. And talking to him abt this just makes us argue more and he says well maybe i should talk to him and get him help. But we certainly couldnt pay for help for him. I am at my wits end,this entire situation is ruining me inside and so its ruining my marriage. I dont know what to do or where to turn. My husband just doesnt seem to feel how I do and thats ok but he wont talk to me or a counselor. I tried. Tl;dr: my marriage is on the rocks after a family member molested our boys.Also just in case sb=step brother
Me and my girlfriend have been together for 4 years now, we met originally back in 8th grade, but broke up when we went to different high schools, fast foward I join the army and head to germany, facebook was getting popular and she popped up on my people you may know. I was lonely and she seemed to understand me in a way that felt so right, I came home on pre deployment leave and even though we know its a bad idea we start to date, while I was home I did some partying and I did prescription drugs, I didnt tell her about them and when I was in afghanistan she found out. I dont know if it was a gradual change or if it was over night, but the sweet caring girl I fell in love with changed, but it was my fault. I had leave after a few months and come home and party just a little bit again, nothing crazy, just trying to take the edge off, this time I tell her. She remembers the time I spent in afganistan a little different then me, but out of the 2 hours we got to sleep a night i usually spent an hour hearing about how she would never love me, she would never have a family with me, and just when id start to cry shed tell me to shut the fuck up and that I sound like a bitch. Btw I was a combat engineer I spent most of my days looking for bombs in the road. Through out my year in afghanistan I dealt with this telling myself things would get better, I also was accused of cheating and using drugs. The end of my deployment comes and we are about 2 weeks from going home on leave when she breaks up with me. I layed in bed with the barrel of my rifle pointed towards my head, while I decided what to do. Back in germany before going home we start to talk, she doesnt consider it cheating because she broke up with me the day before she fucked some other dude. While in germany I set out on a mission to drown myself in alcohol, while doing so, I met a girl that was married to a bipolar husband, as battered spouses we were drawn to each other, licking each others wounds so to speak. We knew we could never be and eventually agreed to say good bye before we tarnished what beautiful memories we had. My gf found out about her and became obsessed with her. Again telling me that she would never marry me or love me. I was home on leave trying to figure out what we should do when she found out about her. I wasnt in germany long, but the time I was, I got a drunk on duty, and wasnt allowed to leave my room for fear of the hell she would bring upon my life. It wasnt long til I moved to texas. During the time we were together I would send money to my gf since she was in college and usually college poor. When I move to texas she moves to florida for school. Its very repetitive, mostly obvious verbal abuse, until I have been there for a year. The entire time whenever I would say somethjng she would answer with just the girls name or somethjng dumb. Then we got in a fight, she said I had stds and wanted me to use condoms. The next day she cheats on me. Did she use a condom? Nope. After that she started being nice to me. I started burning myself with cigarettes in afghanistan and continued up until texas, one night her brother was in florida and she was refusing to talk to me. I dont remember what happened sinve I blacked out, but I know I trued to jump off the balcony head first. When she finally heard from me was she concerned? I wish. She was angry with me. She made me want to get it right. I still think about that day and sometimes wish I had got it right. I was going to move to florida with her, but I moved home to nj instead. While home I grew the balls to end it, and for a while I was doing well, had a new gf etc etc,  I didnt talk to her for the summer, but towards the end we were talking again. She came home and we were seeing each other, the night before she left I was in a car accident. When I woke up I called her, again was she concerned? I think she said she wish I had died and she went and fucked some dude after we had sex 2 days before. Well shes in florida and hears about the new gf and gets jealous and starts making plans to move back to new jersey. I tell her not to, but she doesnt listen. She comes home and we get back together. There has never been a week in our relationship where I have had any type of security. We have sex 1 time every couple weeks if im lucky. If I try to talk about having a sex life she says im using her for sex. During our time together I gave her thousands of dollars, not smart I know. We have been sharing an apartment that we were supposed to split the rent in. Somehow I ended up paying rent and bills, using all my money at the beginning of the month she said she would give me gas and cigarette money. She wont buy me cigarettes and wont let me put more than an 8th of a tank in my car. She says I am the reason that she has no money to save. This last month we were wvicted from our apartment (she got the cops called the first time for lighting fireworks, I got them called a second time nothing violent or between me and her, just a misunderstanding) I gave her $600 for rent because all she was willing to pay was $250, we didnt have to pay rent, but we do expect to have to pay the remaining months. I have bills and fines and court dates, school books and bills to pay. She has kept my $600 and when I talk to her about it she usually starts with, I dont have your money. When I try to ask for it back, because I dont understand why she has my money, she says that shell give it back to me and to never talk to her again. She asks me who im texting whenever im looking at my phone and I answer everytime, but when I ask her, she gets very defensive and says that I never tell her although I do. She has a 2nd cousin that grew up jn crack houses etc and was about to be homeless status, instead of letting the system do its job, she decided to adopt the 14 yr old that wants to be a boy because thats all her mom pays attention too. Her words not mine.  I probably sound like a terrible person, except she lives at home, and so the 14 yr old is sleeping in the same bed as my 23 yr old gf. The thing about it is that my gf says shes tired of waiting for me, im in college and want to get my associates before moving. The gas money shes supposed to give me is supposed to be for school. There is a lot more, but I am tired and on my cell phone, pm me or I will add in the rest, I dont know what I feel anymore, I find it easier to say "im sorry its my fault" even if it is something that is out of my control.  Im a 23 yr old male 135 lbs and I have no confidence and havent felt attractive in years. She hasnt been verbally abusing me much lately, but she doesnt encourage me and it seems like she makes sure to get her kicks in when im on the ground begging her to help me up. She says I keep my feelings to myself too much and to lean on her and that she doesnt want to be with someone that cant do that, but when I do she usually tells me she doesnt want to be with such an emotional person.she wants our relationship to get better, but all the changes have to come from me. Do I really deserve this? I have always loved her and told her everythibg would be alright when she was upset, when do I get to hear everything will be alright from someone other then myself? No matter how many tomes I tell her I just want to hear her say that, she wont. Its just hard convincing yourself everything is alright, when you dont know if saying hi to quietly to her mother is the reason why she cant be with yoh today... Thank you for any feed back. Im not worried about grammar, im on a cell phone.
The bf and i have had a very very hard relationship the last 5 years. He has in the past been physically abusive, and ive always considered him emotionally abusive and manipulative. Back story, i cheated 5 years ago. He tried to kill me when he found out, literally. I was going through a major manic episode at the time, as cheating is not something i would normally even consider. His charges were dropped because he convinced everyone that i attacked him first. He had one scratch on his neck and i was beaten black and blue, concussion, etc etc... Moving on, i found out i was pregnant shortly after that night. He went to counselling and things were okay for a while. Then we moved back in together. Our relationship is very strained. I hate our living conditions, our finances, our diet, our home. I am unhappy. I have been for the last year. We have a four year old and i am pregnant again. A few weeks ago, knowing that i was pregnant he screamed at me for not being able to lift an 80lb object he was tring to hang up, straight over my head. I felt something pull, a sharp pain and cried. After he was done he ordered me to stand in front of him, then shoved me back a little and he started screaming in my face wanting to kow if the baby was okay? As if i had some miraculous way of knowing right then and there.Last night i was nagging about having to constantly pick up after him, pick his trash up off the floor, do his dishes and laundry, because he never does anything besides sit on the couch. He yelled "stop fucking nagging at me! Thats all you ever do is bitch!" at me. I blew it off though it hurt my feelings.Tonight he got mad because when i took the sheets off the bed to wash them, he accused me of leaving his watch (which he claims was under his pillow) in the sheets when i washed and told me to get out of his way and go check the laundry. I was upset but more mad at myself and yelled something along the lines of "im going right fucking now" as i walked out to check.When i came back in the room he told me "i found it, but i dont appreciate the fact that you yelled at me. Its over." Then ordered me to leave. He wouldnt even let me talk. I told him i didnt want to leave without my son and he said that if i didnt leave he was going to force me to leave. I instantly had flashbacks to that night he told me i was only getting out of the house in a body bag. I was scared, so i left. Now im sitting alone at the park crying. I am not sure what to do or where to go and i just want my son with me. I am not scared for my son, he wouldnt hurt him. But im hurt. I thought we were better. I dont know when or if i can go home. I know he will make me come home or else he wont have a way to get to work tomorrow, but... i dont know. I dont want to go back and apologize because i yelled, when i get yelled at all the time. I have no friends anymore. I am not allowed to have a social life that doesnt involve him since i cheated.I am so sad right now. I want out, i think. But with two very loved kids its so much easier said than done.

My boyfriend and I have a lovely relationship, except when it is not lovely. He has anger problems and "doesn't think" (his words) alot of the time. I am no sweetheart because I have called him names before, but I would never ever ever lay a hand on him. Period.   I grew up seeing my mom abused by my dad bi-weekly at the least. It fucked me up and I swore up and down that I would be with someone who always treated me like a princess, atleast physically. It didn't turn out that way. When I was 15, I got into a relationship with a guy three years older than me. He coerced me into having sex and one day at age 16 when I did not consent to his advances, he raped me. That was seven years ago. I told myself even more firmly "I will NOT be with someone who does not love and respect me." My parameters got thinner. I fell in love at age 19 with a man who I never imagined would hurt me. He is the world to me. But we started having problems at age 20. I saw him losing his temper more quickly. Slapping something from my hand escalated to grabbing my face in an anger fit, which escalated to grabbing my arms and throwing me down so hard I couldn't stop myself from falling on the tile floor. I am so depressed and lost and I am feeling like I'm a broken spinning compass. I wanted to call the police on him on the last 2 times, but I did not. I did not want him to lose the new job he just got and will start soon. I'm too selfless- I wanted him to pay the price and be deterred by seeing other criminals rot in jail. But I couldn't. I would have been able to see him hauled away in a cop car, definitely. But I didn't know if I could be in a relationship with him after he got out; because I thought I would have finally said goodbye. I don't want to break up with him, I just want my prince charming. He has agreed to counseling with me and anger management classes, but we can't even afford that right now. My sexual libido is completely shot, I don't even like kissing sometimes because I feel so disappointed, BETRAYED and worthless. He made me believe at one point I was literally the most amazing thing in the universe, but abuse has changed me. Did I mention he and I are engaged? I question daily if he would ever abuse me physically after we tied the knot. I wonder if he can ever be the same him he once was, or if he's no longer capable of getting back there. The abuse by someone who has asked me to be their shining star FOREVER, always makes me remember my rape. It's one betrayal after another, my life. Physical abuse is literally haunting me. First my dad on my mom. Then being raped. Now this. Please, someone just say anything to me. I try to talk to this with him but things never get anywhere. He tells me he loves me. I don't feel loved anymore. 
I'm making a first step and getting it kind of out in the open. When I grew up my dad would always tell at my mother and they would fight constantly all the time. I always felt like I had to between the two my entire time growing up.Fast forward to now I am now 29 and have been in a relationship for awhile. No don't even think I would call it that anymore because of what I have done. We have a child together and things have been getting out of control with me. The entire time of the relationship I would throw things and busy things because I wasn't getting my way. I have been negative and not positive. Everytime she has tired to talk to me about work I would make it about myself and not listen. If she went out I would get mad and make comment about her cheating. I've totally lost it. Then there was a night when she had told me we were done and I could live in the house until we figured things out. I totally snapped and pinned her down on the bed and put my hands on her. I even heals I knife to my throat. My family and the cops were called and no charges made. I'm not really sure why. That night I drove to the ER explaining the situation but the sent me home when I really needed help that night because I was afraid of what I was going to do. A few days later I went back to the house to get something's. When I arrived I raised my hands up at her like I was going do something. I got in my car and drove myself back to the hospital and made it very clear I needed help. After being related from the hospital I have been seeing a therapist and a psychiatrist. I don't feel like it is helping. I feel horrible for how I have been. I'm just wondering if anyone can relate to me at all. My anger gets so out of control and I don't know what to even do anymore. 
California top nursing home lawyer, Moran Law lawyers have an in depth experience in elder abuse and neglect cases in nursing homes
Well I have had this recurring memory as a child walking in the woods with my grandfather I remember being terrified of going into the woods with him. I remember being afraid that he would hurt me again. We went into the woods almost everyday from the age of 2-4 with him alone it was something special he did with me. I am now 25 and came about information from his still living brother that he was a pedophile. I have no memories of any trauma but I also can't recall being in the woods with him I only know from family members that we had always went for walks. I continue to get the creeping notion that my one memory was referencing some sort of abuse. I understand that this could all be some horrible diluted idea my mind has come up with but I just needed to say something to anyone.
First off, you're probably here because you're going through a rough experience- feel free to pm me with anything you need to discuss that's related to abuse. Secondly, I'm a new mod here- you think anything doesn't belong, report it and shoot the mod team a message explaining why. I might not be available immediately for help but I will still be here, removing 404s and things that don't seem to fit in. I welcome any advice or questions.Lastly- you're not alone. You are worthy of respect.
It has been 17 years since the event that changed my life in what feels like the most horrible way, and tomorrow is the first of many days where I truly have to address it. I can't hide from it anymore, and I am very scared.I am scared to address it when I emotions surrounding it are already so damn strong. I am scare to talk to people about it other then only a handful of people who already know.It doesn't seem to matter how much I tell myself that "everyone at the group will be suffering from the same thing." I still fear the sense of judgment. I don't know how to turn my fucking thoughts off.Most importantly I fear that I will chose not to go at the last minute.Just needing to vent this out I guess. Maybe I consider it emotional practice for opening up, or maybe I just hate sitting with my thoughts and can't do it anymore. I feel like I am going to lay here all damn night stressing about it, but I am so very tired.
I just broke up with my fiancé. When we were first together he was perfect but a few months after moving in he changed. I found out he had anger issues and became emotionally, verbally, and physically abusive. He constantly accused me of liking every woman from friends to even celebrities/singers because I'm pansexual. He always called me a bitch and stupid when we didn't agree on things like what to eat, controlled who I talked to, and how I acted, even the way I talked. While having a panic attack he even told me he hopes I die. Yelled at me threw things, broke things. Always was on me on who I was talking to or texting, and hated all my friends because they wanted to spend time with me. Expected me to serve him, to buy him things with my money that he wanted. He even got pissed off that I started my own youtube channel and uploaded videos without his permission. My depression and anxiety were so much worse while with him. The list goes on and on. He even yelled at my mother one night after she heard him verbally abusing me and came at my defense. My love for him died that night after he made my mother cry. These past two weeks I somehow changed and just refused to take it. I started getting attitudes with him, defending myself during his moments of rage and he hated it. When I told him it was over today he got so upset he started blaming me for everything saying he did nothing wrong. He started breaking and throwing things in my room and throwing the things I bought him at me. To all the ladies and men out there who are in abusive relationships I know how hard it is to leave! I was miserable this past year and now wish I would have ended things sooner! I lost myself while being with him, and even my self worth. He convinced me nobody would want me or love me, and that I was a horrible person. I am a much stronger person now and even more confident than I ever was. I know I'm going to be okay now. Nobody should go through abuse, it takes you to scary places. Please talk to someone if you're being abused, I wish I would have sooner.
Moran Law, elder abuse lawyer is a CANHR elder justice advocate who advocates on behalf of those who have been abused or neglected by their nursing homes, assisted living facility or caretaker.

So I'm 16 and my girlfriend is 17 and her mom basically limits her from all freedoms.  She's not allowed to take a walk downtown with me.  And we must be supervised at all times.  But my parents don't agree with her parenting.  Recently my girlfriend ran away from home to my house because she got sick of it.  And i finally convinced her to go home.  When she walked in the door to her house her mom said nothing but just gave her an evil type glare.  And she also took away her license.  In the past she told her to get a job, which she did and was doing good.  But she wouldn't drive her to work causing her to get fired.  She constantly tells her that she is selfish and  that she is ruining her life.  But I don't see how she is.  I think it's the other way around 
I'm not sure if my relationship is abusive. If it is, I'm not sure who is abusive. I'm using a throwaway because my main account is identifiable, and I don't want anyone to know I think this way. Also, sorry if this is a bit all over the place... There's a lot to explain, and I don't know if it'll flow right.First, a little bit about me and my partner. We've been dating for 5 years. We started as a long distance relationship, but she moved to live with me. I have a history of mental health issues, I have social anxiety and used to have panic attacks often. I also suffered from depression. I'm mostly better now, but I still get anxious in public. She's obese. She got worse after moving with me, to the point where I am now her primary carer. I dropped out of university due to my anxiety, and ended up getting a government pension to take care of her.We now live in a too small apartment, where I leave the house only to go to the shops, and she leaves about once every two or three months when my family obligations make her. Other than that, we're at home together all day every day.She's been abused as a child, physically, psychologically, sexually, so I understand some of her insecurities. She's jealous, making comments me taking too long when I go out, or if I talk to girls online. She hasn't tried to forbid me from talking to anyone, yet, but I do feel guilty for making her jealous. She has reason, too, because I'm polyamorous, and have spoken to her in the past about my frustrations regarding that. I would never cheat, but she doesn't trust my word on that.She's violent, if she's angry or upset, she'll hit me, but it's almost in a jovial manner, as if to say "I'm very angry" without trying to hurt. However, it's worse, because when she's really happy, she'll slap me, or hold me even when I want to move, or tickle me (I **despise** being tickled, which I've told her). The only time she stops is if I'm crying, or angry. I've even nearly hit her because of it. Then she'll cry, being upset that she hurt or angered me, and I'll apologize. One time she made me black out, and apparently I got into the fetal position and begged her to stop for a few minutes, even after she had. That scared her a lot, and she doesn't tickle me much anymore. She does apologize these times before I do.She get's anxious when the place is dirty. Our definitions of dirty are different though. She wants everything sparkling, and I'm okay with things being a little grimy. Because I'm the only one capable of cleaning, we argue a lot about when the house is officially clean. She's just recently set a 9-7 time period where I should be doing chores. I get an hour for lunch, and a 30 minute afternoon tea break. I don't think that's too bad, it's almost like preparations for if/when I go into the workplace.We never have sex. Sometime's she'll get horny and demand I give her an orgasm, usually through oral. But I can't have sex with her. It's literally too painful for her. She'll end up crying if I penetrate her, which is an instant mood killer. Her reasoning is that she can't reach to masturbate, whereas I can, so I need to help her, and I can finish myself off. I'm on the breaking point with this one, and I nearly raped her. I managed to stop before I went way too far, but how close I got is horrible. I know I'm a bad person for this.I tried to go back to take online courses, so I would have qualifications when she's lost enough weight for me to go to work. Because I'd dropped out the first time, she told me it was a waste of time and money to try again. I also never seemed to find any time to study. Now that I've dropped out again, I've learned all the course material. Nothing seemed any different though.Once or twice every year, she's admitted to hospital with complications due to her obesity. She gets weighed and is loosing weight at about 5kg a month. That will slow as she looses the weight, but I'm so proud of her for managing that. When she goes in, I feel a momentary rush of excitement, because maybe this time I'll be able to sleep. But then it always ends up the same. Leave the hospital at 10, be back by 6. We live five minutes away, so it's not so bad, I guess. When not in the hospital, she wakes up every couple of hours to go to the bathroom. I need to help her with this, so I wake up too. I willingly agreed to do this part, I knew what I was getting into. Not the sleeping thing, the bathroom thing.Although I don't notice it, apparently I say hurtful things to her, which she says she just tries to ignore. I joke around, like I did with my friends, which sometimes includes playful ribbing. I've asked her to tell me when I'm being hurtful, but she doesn't. And then I feel bad when she brings it up, so I apologize. I also don't defend her enough against my friends, but the last time any of them said anything derogatory about her was months ago. I didn't defend her then, because it was an obscure thing and I didn't realise it was an insult until much later.If I'm watching a funny youtube video that she isn't, she'll tell me to shut up. Similarly, she doesn't want me to sing, and rarely listens to me if I'm excited to tell her something. I often ignore her, though not intentionally, which usually makes her mad.When I go out to the shops, I stay out longer than I need to. I'm not scared of going home, I just prefer to be away from her. This heightens her jealousy and paranoia, but I just need that hour extra, just to destress.Finally, I can't leave her. Not only am I financially dependent on her disability, but she needs me to live. Not only that, but she's threatened to kill herself in the past (she now says she wasn't serious), and has insinuated that my leaving would make her leak secrets and lies about me to various people. She's even joked that I might think she's blackmailing me, which I suppose she is, in a way, except I don't want to leave. Most of the time, things are good and I enjoy life. It's just that when things are bad for me, my confidence slips and I feel the signs of panic attacks.Let me see if I can recap:* I'm financially dependent on her, through her disability* She's violent when angry, but moreso when affectionate* We can't and don't have sex* She has no friends, and I never see mine* I don't sleep well because of her* I do all of the chores* I cannot leave* I love herIs this abusive? Reading it through it seems like it might be. Whether or not it is, I don't know what to do.
We saw each other for 5 months or so, she seemed to get attracted to me. And we disconnect in March. So I see her today just to clear the air, and she starts saying ''oh why did you dump me'' and I gave her a list of reasons. She then proceeded to condemn my reasons, even though she specifically asked me for my concerns. I gave her a verbal-list of things.Anyway, she then started to defend her rights, psuedo therapy bullshit, she then said to me ''dont email me again, i dont like your emails'' i laughed in her face and now im home, ive been singing about this all day and its driving people crazy,what do you think?
1st of all, sorry if this text will be full of mistakes, but English is not my first language.Well, I always knew that my boyfriend had a terrible relationship with his parents, but now that our relationship is groing I've founded out that his parents used to beat him when he was a kid, his dad beats his mom lots of times... basically he lives in a realy messed up house, where everyone hates eachother. Well, his mom lately has been the worst and by what I see in him, I don't know if he can take it anymore. A week ago he was so depressed that he even talked about killing himself... Today, he ate nothing at lunch because his mom had nothing done to lunch (and she also didn't had anything at home, as always), so he ate nothing. His parents came home by 8pm and his mom asked him if he wanted eggs and meatpie for dinner and he said yes. Then after a few minutes she returned with friend eggs and baked potatos (like, what the hell was she thinking), when she knows that he hates baked potatos, and he complained about that, we had ate nothing the whole day and now she made him that. After that she said that she wouldn't do anything for him to dinner, and a few hours latter she locked him in his room so that he couldn't eat anything... and it's not the first time she does that. He has been sick for days (because of his poor alimentation) and they don't even care, they only do worst. If he felt bad right now and needed to go to the hospital, they would not even hear him.I want so bad to help him get out of his nightmare, but I honestly don't know what to do...
Dear ....,We dated for nearly two years. During those two years, you said you were a lancaster model, a champion of some martial art, and a secret agent for the government. That one took me out of my naive, trusting usual self, especially when you went into a phone booth pretending to yell at someone for following us. I just could n' t understand why someone would lie about stuff like that. What was there to gain? I never cared about stuff like that. I didn't care if you were whatever, had money or had status.But i started to realize you didn't feel good about yourself and needed to believe your own lies. I was patient. I started doubting you had an ex girlfriend with leukemia who broke it off with you to spare you. Our mutual friends started wondering as well the many things you were saying. It was just too much. At some point we got semi engaged but in my heart I knew it would not work out. You knew it too and tried to impregnate  me. I was 18. You asked for my hand in marriage which my father and myself refused and you kept calling m every year on my birthday till the birth of my daughter 12 years later.Sometimes I would meet strangers and they would know who I was. Apparently, even though we were out of each others lives, you would use my pictures to say i was your girlfriend. I guess  the one with leukemia got old.I saw you two times the past few years. I tried to joke about the silliness of your youth but you were still the same. Still hanging to lies.I just shook my head and moved on, after all you were not my problem.Till last night.I bumped into one of our mutual friends, and as he was trying to show me what a good guy he was, he let it slip that you had invited all three of them to watch as you put it " when you would fuck me on all 4". I felt a fist in my stomach.The guy went on saying how HE stopped the rest saying it was demeaning and degrading for all.I wasn't listening,  I felt sick.  This conversation was degrading and disrespectful in itself. I felt violated... Twice...knew this one would have ran to be there on time if he could.I felt violated. By him, by you. So what if it was nearly 20 years ago?I remember how loving and trusting I was, how i would never dream that such things can happen. I thanked my lucky stars I didn't find  out then, it would have devastate me.Some random phrases he kept on blabbing about and he made me realize you asked if they had come out the window to watch, and you were bummed out because you were posing with your fists in the air.I am a mother, a professional, a wife, and I was your fiancee, someone who trusted and loved you. You tried to trash me and use me like toilet paper to fill your pathetic existence with value. Show off to your friends what? What a stud you were? Or was it your way to express your latent homosexuality which was put in full display when one of your " colleagues" had a fit that you chose to go out with me one night instead of him?I indulged your condition and worked on my feelings to get out of this relationship without bitterness at the time. You are on my friends list.To know you are missing the point in life, and that the void you feel and eats you from inside will make you unhappy is no comfort to me. I do not want you to suffer. I do not even want to talk to you and give you more value.But i cant help thinking are so many out there just like you, with videocameras this time and i shiver to the thought of a public humiliation that makes you see yourself as a nothing, as a speck on someones shoe, and my heart goes out to all these bright, loving, trusting women who like a white sheet in the sun, are smeared by the fecal matter others have for a soul.I deleted the mutual friends number, i will delete you too from my fb and my memories, the cowardice and hate you both displayed under the mask of love and care is too disgusting for  me to handle. I may understand you are a turd pretending to be chocolate mousse, i may understand your self loathing and need to believe  the little story you create about who you are, but i am not your shrink, your mother or one of your ex wives or one of your children to deal with your kind. Thank God. 
I'm 22. My brother is 24. He is much, much bigger than me. I'm only 5'3, and my brother is 6'2. Ever since I was 5, maybe even before I can remember, my brother has been beating me to a bloody pulp and letting me know exactly who is in charge of me. He's thrown me into walls, punched me with all his strength, come after me with swords and knives, taken my door of its hinges, the list goes on. He also tried to touch me and pull my pants down when I was around 11, and he was around 13. My mother has never done anything to punish him. When he hit me, I would get yelled at to calm down, and my brother would be talked to, but nothing would change. When I told my mother about him trying to touch me, she got angry and said sarcastically, "And I suppose you didn't do anything either, huh?" And I never did. I had gotten so scared that I ran to the bedroom and stayed awake the whole night in case he tried again. He had lied to her, saying I went to him and tried to pull his pants down.A couple weeks ago, he was hitting our dog. Because she wouldn't move out of the way fast enough. I had enough and I asked him what was going on. He got pissy and said she was being stupid, then in a condescending tone asked how I would punish her. I shook my head because I was so disgusted with him, then when I turned to walk into my room, he said "Don't you EVER fucking shake your head at me."I slammed my door shut and screamed that he's a bitch. I grabbed a piece of a wooden easel my mother had got me a few years earlier, and even though I was shaking with fright, I was ready to defend myself.When I opened the door, he was screaming at me to hit him. That he'd kill me. Bash my brains in. I was gonna get beat like a man if I wanted to be one so much (sex is female, identify as genderqueer he/they. He brings up my gender identity every single time we get in a fight.).Finally I just had enough and swung at him. He slammed me into the wall, which caused me to have horrible mind-shattering pain in my back, since I have scoliosis. Then he tried to grab his sword so I could learn who the boss is.I got in trouble. For hitting him. Even though he was hittig a defenseless animal. Because he has mental issues. My mother always blames me for his outbursts. She always says the universe has pitted me and my brother against each other, but it's because she never did anything about it. It's my fault, it's his mental illness, just ignore him when he's screaming at you, he can't help it, honey what do you want me to do, he's my child and i'm not going to give up on him, if you don't like it you can leave.He's hit my mother twice, and both times the police were called. The police were never called to stop him from hurting me, not even when he had a knife to my throat, or had me in a headlock suffocating me to the point I nearly blacked out. When I tried calling the police, mom would always yell at me and say that it's not their business and she'd take care of it.These days he's nothing but a piece of shit. Constantly slapping the dog, telling me what to do, getting in my face if I tell him to leave me alone. He throws his garbage on the floor, pisses all over the tpilet seat, spills food and doesn't clean it up. If I ask him to clean up after himself, I get bitched at from both him and my mom. I usually give up and just clean up after him.I'm getting really tired. I don't know how much longer I can do this. I can't move out, I have no job, and I can barely stand long because my scoliosis is worsening and I can't go to the doctor anytime soon.What can I do? Talking to my mom has done nothing the past 20 years. I'll be cast out of the family if I contact police. I'm stuck and full of anger and hatred and I don't know what to do.
Okay so I'll try to make this a long story short:Due to personal issues that happened in my childhood, I struggled with  lying for awhile. Stupid things, small things. Mostly done to try and please my friends/family. I ended up starting to see this guy and we had no idea our relationship would turn into us caring about each other. We got closer, he learned about my issues. The only BIG thing I lied about was how many people I had had sex with. We started out as FWB so I had told him my number was higher than it actually was. You think he'd be happy right? Yes and no.Time goes on, and even though we're exclusive he still won't date me (after a year). We've "broken up" a couple times but honestly I was pathetic and scared and begged for him to take me back (bad idea???). He tells me that all this is my fault because if I didn't lie at the beginning of our relationship we'd be fine! I kind of believe him, but there are other issues. He's broken 4 of my phones in anger when he's "broken up" with me. I'm no longer allowed to hang out with friends, so I really don't have any anymore. I'm not really supposed to go into public by myself. He deleted my facebook. I had deleted my instagram account to avoid issues, but he made me get a new one recently. I want to switch jobs (19 y.o. with a shitty pay desk job) but he doesn't want me to. I have to constantly snapchat him so he knows what I'm doing. When we get in arguments, it gets pretty bad. Not physical, he just likes to yell and call me names. I've literally never said any curse words to him when I've been mad. He can go out and party/drink/go to bars/go fishing/hangout with friends whenever he wants.BUT he's been so nice. He buys me things and holds the door open for me and tells me I'm beautiful and he loves me. So he's a really nice guy! I just still feel weird about all this. I miss my friends so much and I miss taking day trips to the beach and stuff. He says that he loves me a lot and he KNOWS this isn't how a relationship should be. He tells me I should be able to text and hang out with my friends but he can't trust me. But he says he wants to fix it.So is this emotional abuse, or are these just consequences, and he happens to have a bad temper? I'm so lost.
My parents have been divorced for 4 years. My mother told me that he was both emotionally and verbally abusive to her. Now that she's out of the picture, he does the same to my little brother and I. This kind of stuff has happened on and off for the time my father has been divorced. The most recent even has happened tonight, and I need help in coping with it.The story all begins with a miscommunication between my father and my little brother. For as long as I can remember, my father always sweated the small stuff (i.e. missing a spot while sweeping the floor, cleaning a dish wrong, etc.), and this time was no different. I was to be picked up from work since both vehicles were being used. My older brother first texted me saying that my father was going to get me. Then 3 minutes later, my little brother came and took me back home. When we tried to call my father on his cell, we realized that he didn't take it with him. When he came home 20 minutes later, he was both furious and drunk. He claimed that he will never take me to work or pick me up ever again (bear in mind that this is the first time this issue has occurred). My little brother jumped in to state our case: He claimed that he was going to pick me up before my father ever did, but my father was having none of that. When the shouting got worse, I stepped in and apologized, saying that it won't happen again. This only agitated him more; he threatened to throw both my little brother and I out of the house. We told him that he can't because we paid rent, but he retorted with the fact that he didn't care and that our word holds no weight in his house. This made both of us upset. He then threatened to take our vehicle keys away so that we have to walk to work (which is on a dangerous road). After that I just went outside to speak to my mother on the phone.I was pretty shaken up and burst into tears on the phone. She wanted me to call the cops, but I decided instead to talk to my neighbor. I told him about the abuse and how long it went on for. I told him that my father is not the man he makes himself out to be. I was still bawling at this point, and my brother went to check on me. He went back and tried to talk to my dad again with my mother on his speakerphone. When he heard my mother's voice, my dad got up and tried to forcibly remove the phone from my brother's hand, saying that my mother does not need to be involved in this. My brother resisted, and that's when my father grabbed him by the back of the neck and tried to kick him out. This is when he called the cops.They couldn't do anything about it, and this isn't the first time that we had to call the police on my father. Both this time and the last, he put on a "I'm an innocent good father" facade, left without taking any action. My little brother made amends with him, but I refused to shake his hand. I told him that he honestly should lighten up when small mistakes (such as this happen). His response was "Well, you're a college graduate, sooo..." What does me being a college graduate have to do with him being abusive or being overall angry?So I decided tonight that I want to move out. My mother doesn't have the money to support me, and no friends of mine will take me in. My only hope now is to get an IT job, get a loan to buy a small house and move out as soon as I can.So, how do I put up with these threats and drunken rage when he hides it so well from everyone who knows him? I'm so sick and tired of this. I feel like I'm worthless to him as a son. He thinks I'm a failure because I don't have a job in my major field of study 3 months out of college. I just want out of this, but I know that suicide isn't an option.

So I’m fairly new to Reddit so yeah this is a bit nerve wracking and also putting something so raw onto the internet but I just feel as if I no longer want to keep my mouth shut... So basically when I was a child my parents got divorced, pretty typical my dad had turned into a robot and did nothing other than work, sleep, eat or come home drunk and my mother was apparently drinking wine all the time although I never really remember my mum being a "bad" parent but maybe I was just too naive and young to see that she was drunk but I always felt looked after by my mum. So yeah skip forward to a couple of years and my mum has this friend who she knew years before and we bump into her and for the next few months we end up going to her house frequently, she tells me it's because our bathroom didn't work and she wanted somewhere I could have a bath although I can't help but feeling like my mum had other motives.So basically this friend that my mum had gotten seriously ill, she had a brain aneurysm and died within a week of finding out, and then my mum starts a relationship with her husband pretty recently afterwards and although I was young maybe 11 or 10 I just didn't think it was right and they would drink together and I remember constantly being yelled at but not knowing clearly what I had done, I think maybe it's because I had a sudden change in rules, like my mum used to be seriously laid back and I never remembered it being a bad thing, I was never a badly behaved child until this man came along. He started trying to enforce bedtimes which were earlier than I would usually go to bed, I never wanted to stay at his house because I didn't like him and I wanted to avoid being round his daughter, his daughter was younger but bigger than me and I was treated like a rag doll by her (this isn't the part where I tell you about the abuse) and I just never enjoyed her company, I know I was a child but she was always one of those kids who wanted what someone else had the second they got hold of it and being 6 years younger than my older brother I never experienced this behaviour, it all felt very foreign to me.For a couple of months I just got sick of it and decided to live with my dad and his girlfriend, although I love them very much they let me have too much independence as my hygiene was poor and my clothes weren't getting washed and I was fed but not necessarily healthy food.     Also I was getting left with my dad’s girlfriend’s child who I quite frankly and still to this day cannot cope with; she has ADD and is out of control. Alongside all this my mother was emotionally tormenting me by driving past my child minders with her boyfriend’s daughter in her car acting all motherly with her, for one I think this is fucked up because it was shortly after her mother died and it was to make me jealous, it drove me further away and I just can't help but resent my mother for it and it tears me apart.So skip forward to a few years and I live with my mum and her boyfriend at his house along with his daughter and through the years and bad parenting his daughter got pretty bad, although I don't blame it on her, I honestly feel like she'd be so much better off if she was adopted. There were often arguments just over his daughter mishearing things... She's deaf? What the fuck it's not something you can be mad about, so at first it was just verbal like yelling and all of a sudden it progressed to physical abuse. And no I am not talking about a simple spank on the butt which 5 year olds get when they've done something wrong, I’m talking about a 50 year old man hitting a 12 year old girl full force. And I started trying to speak up because I knew something was wrong and he'd say stop getting involved in my business or another excuse like "it's private" but I was too young and naive to know that it was in every right my business and that I could do something about it but my mother talked me out of it and thinking about it makes me resent her even more now.I remember being on holiday in Wales and my mum was making toast and we were in a caravan and her and her boyfriend had been drinking and she was "making a mess" or something and he squared up to her and she grabbed his arm to tell him to get away and he strangled her... I wanted to dial to call the police but I was just too scared to do it, I didn't want to do it and then be told it wasn't serious so I just kept my mouth shut.And for years after there were just so many arguments when we moved house and even before that he became so controlling, I couldn't speak to my mother or say certain things because if it offended him he'd flip, I couldn't ask to speak in private because he'd ask about it and ask why he couldn't know and eventually he'd flip. He made us have weird rituals like we all had our own toilet paper and we had to take it to the bathroom every time we wanted to use it as he thought too much was being used... Every time my friends come round I have to explain it and it's an embarrassment. It really stresses me out when people treat him like a nice guy because at first glance he is but once you get deeper in he's disgusting. Eventually I got some balls and told my college and they informed his daughters school and my mum had no control over it this time, she would prevent me from saying things by saying it's his daughters choice to say something about it, so social services are apparently involved and her boyfriend is being investigated but I doubt they'll find anything out, his daughter is too timid and afraid to say anything and he's probably told her not to and my mum won't tell me anything.So now we don't all live together but him and his daughter come back to my house on weekends, the week when they aren't there feels like a breath of fresh air but when they're in my house it just feels like so much tension and her boyfriend makes remarks and it saddens me that I have to feel uncomfortable in my own home although the fact I told the authorities about what my mum’s boyfriend did feels good, a bit of vengeance finally. But I’m still pissed off at my mum for being with this guy, in all honesty I feel deprived of a happy and stable (mentally) childhood.
I should use a throw away, but it doesn't matter. I am 20 years old [female], and have been married for 15 months. My husband[26] is, and has been very abusive. He has gotten physical several times, and any other time it is mental and verbal. I have wanted out for 8 months. I moved out of the apartment that was in our name and into my grandparents house to get away, over six months ago. He moved in here with me. He is very manipulative, and a very good liar. He has had drug and alcohol problems, although he says he quit, I often smell the alcohol on him when he gets home from work. He is also very vindictive, my mom even says he makes her nervous. He is very controlling, jealous, and possessive. He has alienated me from all of my friends. I am a very independent woman, I always have been. He used to say he loved that about me...until we got married. All of the sudden that changed.He saw a psychologist once under my request (or, says he did. I never went with him or saw proof) who diagnosed him right off the bat as bi-polar. He refused to go back and refused to get medication. It has been an unhealthy relationship all the way around. He goes through my things, calls to check up on me, has driven by my place of employment or has had other people keep tabs on me for him. When he is angry he makes things up about me to throw in my face...except I think he actually believes what he says. Sometimes I wonder if he isn't schizo, too. He went through my facebook messages and saw I was talking to an old friend. It was nothing romantic or inappropriate. We were talking about all the hell we raised at 16 & 17 and wondering how we managed to never get ourselves into trouble. A song that described that time for us was brought up, and he took that and ran with it. He is now accusing me of being a cheater.He has called me names, and told me that if he were the person he was two years ago he would have killed me. He said he was going to get a lawyer and sue me for whatever he can, and make sure he made it hell. He packed his clothes and things, and says he is going to move to a different state with family. I could tell you many stories about the abuse, his addictions, etc. But I'm not here to bash him. I'm here to ask, where do I go from here? It hurts, because I've grown accustomed to having someone there (regardless of how miserable they made me), but it also feels like weight has been lifted off of my shoulders. He also owes my grandfather money for a truck my grandpa had financed for him, but I think my grandpa drew up a contract for him to sign. Legally, what is the process for this? Emotionally, how to I begin to heal myself? What actions do I need to take all around. I am currently very lost and confused.  [Edit #2:] I live in Louisiana, just for reference.    EDIT: He is now threatening to kill himself. He does this every time I tell him I want out. Please help!  [UPDATE: 24/July/2014] I told him yesterday that I meant it, I want a divorce. He has pulled out all the stops, using guilt the most. I think the straw that broke the camel's back was on the weekend of the 4th - my family was in town to visit. They'd never met him before and he made sure to stay gone or be rude while they were around. I kept making excuses for him. He was berating me all weekend, most accusations of cheating. That Sunday afternoon (6/July/2014) he wanted to go to the lake. So, we went. He had me in the car for almost an hour screaming at me and calling me a whore, calling me names, belittling me. I was sobbing. Then he yelled at me and asked me what I was crying for. Now that I told him I was done, he wants to say I'm just "giving up" and "if I was half the person I said I was I wouldn't run or just quit". I have a phone full of guilting text messages from him. I am Googling how to file for separation here (even though he swears he won't sign any papers or that he'll disappear so they can't find him to make him sign). He told my mom once that he would drag out a divorce and make it miserable. I used to have a bunch of messages locked in my inbox on my phone showing his abuse...I guess he deleted those one day when he was going through my stuff. I just really need support, and may need a lawyer (which I certainly cannot afford). I'm scared and nervous and sick to my stomach...he is so vindictive, it makes me squirm. I just need support, love, and as much advice as possible Reddit.
My girlfriend and I (both under 18) have been dating for a while now, and she has finally started to open up to me about her mom abusing her when she was younger. I don't know to what extent, I think mostly verbal, but it was bad enough for her to be suicidal. She could not have a door to her room in fear of her killing herself. She spends most of the time with her dad, but still has to visit her mom because of custody. I have told her that it isn't healthy for her to be seeing her, and even though she says she's fine I know she's not. I was just want to help her because I can't see her being put through this all the time. 

So here I say it.All through my childhood my parents hit me. Not with a belt but slapping and spanking. My dad even slapped me at 18 years old. I then proceeded to punch him in the guts, but my mother was quick to jump in.The worst thing is, all these instances, after a few days, its like they are forgotten and everybody behaves business as usual.Honestly I just want to beat the shit out of my parents. I think they deserve it. But I am too much of a pussy to follow through. I need their financial support and it would be too much of a mess.
I just needed to tell someone and as I can't tell my friends for obvious reasons, why not post it on the internet right? When i was 11 my dad came into my room and used to rub my legs but one night i woke u to this feeling, a touching of my private parts. I had no idea what to do so i tried to roll over and move so it would stop and he left. Once my dad left i closed my door and cried in my bathroom. This went on for weeks and didnt know what to do. As my brother moved out of the house i felt more hopeless than before. i couldn't believe that he could act normal the next day as if nothing had even happened. I tried to act sad but I didnt want him to find out that I knew cause i didnt know what would happen. i didnt know how to tell anyone so i sent an email into my church website saying that my dad was sexually abusing me and i had no idea what the fuck i could do to make him stop! They responded and told me to tell my mom. I waited "for the right time" which by the way is never. You can't just go up and be like "hey mom gotta tell u that your husband has been trying to have sex with me". No i didnt have the courage to do it. He molested me for about a year I think, it gets all blurry now but i remember when we went to the Caribbean as a family trip and he was staying with my mom and he walked into my room at night, i rolled over to get in a difficult position for him to do anything but no, this doesnt fucking stop him. He tries to finger me and stick his dick in me but i move around as if I'm asleep but he doesn't fucking stop. he then licks me. WHAT THE FUCK. I've had it and completely move all around and he leaves. i cried for hours silently and at that moment i wanted to die. i was afraid my mom wouldnt believe me.Now I am 16 and have been going to therapy for a few years. We have been working through my issues and my dad has moved out but still i see him often. He has gone to therapy as well as his therapist says he was mentally ill and had a pornography addiction.Im afraid that i am going to be sexually different as i now have this dark urge inside of me to have sex. Ive only had 2 boyfriends but i intensely made out with them as it felt so good. I don't know if this is for everyone or just me who has the urge to have sex? I don't want to until i meet someone who i LOVE so don't worry about me doing it with a random guy.sorry for the long rant but i just needed to type it out i guess.
My online health course requires me to interview someone who has been a victim of violence, bullying, or dating violence.  Problem is, I don't know anyone who has.  I know the questions get pretty personal, but if you are willing to answer some, that would be greatly appreciated. Thanks!  1. How has the abuse affected your life?  2. How long did it take for you to realize that the relationship was abusive?  3. Were there any warning signs that the the relationship would turn violent?  4. What did you do once you realized?   5. How did you stop it?  6. Did you ask for help? From who? (your relationship status with the person who helped you)Thank you!
Last night my boyfriend of over year grabbed my head and shook me. Never once in the 2 years I've known him has he laid a finger on me. Today I have a bad headache and I've been dizzy. I thought it was due to me being a little dehydrated but I drank a Gatorade and water and I still feel dizzy. I took our dog out and had to come back in. All this happened last night. I don't even know what to say to him. I only took him back so he could do well on his interview tonight but I honestly don't know what to do... Especially about my dizziness. Because he's never hurt me so bad idk what to expect of him. I don't trust him now when he gets mad. Can we be fixed?
I'm an incoming freshman taking summer health, and for one of the units I have to interview a victim of abuse. So anyways, here are the questions.How has abuse affected your life?Were there any warning signs that the relationship would become violent? Thanks for all your help!
This may be a bit long but I need to get advice with this. (Throwaway for personal reasons)So someone I consider my best friend and others, have another friend, a girl who is extremely manipulative and a disgusting person. She does a number of things to my friend which I will list:. Insults him constantly, very hurtful things related to his social anxiety and dyslexia . Pushes him around and does stuff like steals his drinks and food he buys with his own money and plays it off as a joke. Constantly calls him a terrible friend for hanging out with other people and threatens to not speak to him and estrange others and spread horrible lies about him.threatens to get her younger brother, who is pretty crazy, to threaten to hurt him and stuff, this may not sound intimidating I understand however he has many minor convictions like fights and possessions of knives and stuff like that. Plus he has done this stuff before.She also does same to another friend of mine and essentially makes their school and free time a living hell. As she knows where both these guys live.My friends are terrified that this will continue on until college where this girl has spoke of taking the same subjects as him. And just following him wherever he goes.I have tried please believe me I have tried to convince him to talk to someone about it but he says it's no use and is just scared of repurcussions. I don't fear her or her brother because they don't know where I live anyway.I feel like I'm going crazy worrying about this. We have official GCSE exams coming up in eight months and the double stress of exams and dealing with her will be unbearable for him.I've no where else to turn and I just want to help him. Anything please. Thank you for taking the time to read this and anyone's opinions are welcomed.

So, here it is.My sister in law called the cops on her boyfriend the other day.She had cuts all over her legs, had her clothes ripped off and was strangled.That's just what I was told.He is also her boss.  She works with him at his food truck 6 days a week.She has since defended him to us and has called us psychotic for saying that he is a piece of shit.She already defriended her parents on Facebook and blocked them in her phone.She has also tried to "swear us" to secrecy but, it's really unrealistic that being quiet will help her.What do you guys think?I need some conversations to help me deal with this.
Today at 9.06 am, i was stopped on the street for one of the Sydney buses inspector officer number 1172, this officer asked me for my bus ticket, which i provided, after that she asked for my student ID, I gave her my TAFE card and she said it was not valid to get that ticket, I explained to her that over a month ago another officer asked me for my ticket and when he saw my student card he said everything was fine.she said he must misinform you so I am going to send you to your mailing address a WARNING notice, can you give me your mailing address and threaten telling me that I should give her my real mailing address in an unappropriated way. after that she asked me for another ID, I told her you have my ID in your hands, my student card, she asked me for another ID an overlook my wallet so I opened it and say to her my credit card is OK? and she took my visa card, while the other inspector was distracting me with the conversation of the officer who said to me before my student ID was OK. I have no idea if this person took a photo of my bank account card because I saw her taking pictures of my student ID card, I have no idea if this person had wrote down the number of my card.After she had my address she said I am going to have a penalty letter, before was a WARNING LETTER now she said a PENALTY LETTER, then she wrote in a card her number and the time of the incident and said to me If someone stop you today just show this card and said that you are already FINE, and I said what do you mean, WARNING LETTER?, PENALTY LETTER and after a few minutes FINE?She and the officer close to her said that I should write a letter with the name of the officer who told me that I could buy a concession ticket with my student ID, and when I asked them if I can have their names they say NO they could not give me their names.How can they advise me to write the name of the other officer in the letter if they know they are not allow to give their names, are they mocking me? this is a serious situation, this is not the first time a student has problems with this officers who are abusive and target students and specially the one that are international, this is racism and that should be stopped. Does the transport officer have the legal right to stop people on the street to ask for the tickets? do they have the right to take notes of credit cards, or pictures of them? if so i would like to have a copy of the Act that entitle them to do such a horrible violation of the freedom and privacy in Sydney.I feel so upset about this situation I am not the only one with this problem several international students have this kind of problem and even worse because I know this officer even took their phones away.Besides that the lie they told me in order to get my address, warning letter then she finally said she fine me.
I have unfortunately unemployed for just under a year now, and as such I spend a great deal of time at home. AT LEAST once a day I can overhear a child crying sometimes for short periods, sometimes for longer periods. More often than not, I hear this child crying multiple times a day. It is the same child every time. I am certain. I am fairly confident this is not an infant given the pitch/timbre etc., leading me to believe the child is 2-4 years old. I have witnessed some "poor parenting" (young child crawling on dirty floors crying while the "mother" leaned against the wall and stared) in my building in the past and suspect this may be the same parent/child combo. So here's my issue. Do I mind my own business and just turn up my stereo when I hear this poor kid? Do I  turn a blind eye to parents treating their kids this way? I almost started a log of how often the kid cries to prove to myself it ain't that bad and that kids cry. But I never remember crying that much as a kid, and my parents say the same about me. I know of children who did cry excessively to the point where their asshole parents made a calendar to mark the days where they didn't cry. And let's just say that person has a few issues (anger and depression) as an adult that appear to have been instigated by "questionable parenting methodology"we will call it.Again do I mind my business? Maybe say something to my super? Let her deal with it seeing as she knows the tenants? Do I call child services? Help me out here, Reddit.
Over the course of 4 years partner has alienated my friends, deemed all my hobbies and interests as stupid or that I wasn't allowed to do it because partner is insecure and can't let me near anyone of the opposite sex unless partner is present. My friends feel uncomfortable around partner, over time... I stopped leaving the house at all.Now it seems all I do is school, work, sleep. Partner was upset when I started school because I didn't discuss it at first. I didn't because I wanted to study a field partner didn't want me to work in.When we fight, partner takes me on the freeway and won't let me out until they feel I see they are right. Today I found my bank account empty and I don't understand where both our paychecks went since I never have my bank card on me. Nothing but gas station purchases and it makes no sense.We have a house together. Partner refused to help unless their name was also on the deed. I just want out and I don't know what to do. Partner has only laid hands on me to hold me down. Never struck me, I'm scared it will get there.




Don't mistake her 'silence' for 'compliance'. An unobtrusive observation of women subject to abuse, deciding in their own ways to let things go and move forward.Credits: Director: Razy GhaiDOP: Kavin JagtianiProducer: Bhavna SinghConcept: Razy Ghai, Soumil ShettyProduction Manager: Shail VoraArt Director: Shailaja SharmaStylist: Shreya GuptaMake-Up: Geraldine Ghai & Romy AngevinEditor: Jay ChandranPost Supervisor: Rohan SharmaOnline Artist: Bibaash GoswamiColorist: Naveen ShettyDA: Aiman AliAsst. Directors: Surbhit, Malvika, KaranSpecial thanks to (in order of appearance):Duboree DasMrunal KhanolkarAnusha DandekarTeena Singh RajaElena KazanTiara KunderKamalika BasakAnindita Nayar Ketayun MadonRamona ArenaAmrit MinhasCandida FernandesShaleen ChhapkhanwalaThrity DhabarJahnavi Bangar
Hello, I am from Pangasinan Philippines.  I was abused and molested as a child at an early age by our neighbor.  An evil woman who would hit me and put things in me.  I was so afraid to say anything because she was taking care of my grandpa and she tells me she will kill my grandpa if I say anything.After my grandpa passed away, she left the country and now I am suffering from depression and tried to commit suicide a few times.  This horrible woman has traumatized me and now I am not even able to have children, my doctor said my uterus has been damaged.After so many years, I did find her, but she moved to the U.S. in Los Angeles.  As I am poor, I am not able to get justice because that is how justice works here in the Philippines.  I did some digging and was able to get information from her daughter who stayed behind here in the Philippines.  Her daughter's name is Pauline Grace Sabangan Montero.  I found her on facebook and was able to speak to her and got her mom's information.  I then told her daughter what her mom did to me, she threatened to have me killed because she said I did not know who I was dealing with.  But i already have the mom's info.  Even her phone number.  My friend called the number and pretended to be a from a phone company and she was able to get her ID number.  I told the police here in Pangasinan and they said they can not do anything.  This is just not right.  The poor never gets any justice.Since I will never get justice, I don't know what to do.  I am at the end.  I will just post the information on this woman so no one else will have to suffer under her.Her name is Pacita Sabangan, she lives in Los Angeles California.  Her phone number is 562-537-5887.  Her ID number is E2296089.


So, I needed a place where I could post this somewhat anonymously, as I believe my brother's girlfriend reads my blog.  Anyway, I need some advice on a very serious situation.My brother's dating this girl.  They have been together for a while now.  It's complicated, because she's actually my other brother's ex-girlfriend (and so my brother is also raising my niece, as if she were his, almost) I know it sounds creepy and weird, but if you fully understand the situation, it really isn't. It's a little odd, but not creepy.Anyway, another important part to this story is that a few months ago my niece was molested, by someone close, someone who is pretty much "family"... I'm not going into anymore details about that because it isn't important to this story.Well, long before that happened she was being really mean to my brother, like, a lot.  She screams at him, and gets up in his face about stuff.  I was there for one of their big fights before she had my nephew, or was pregnant to him at all.  I talked to him about it at the time because it happened in front of my niece.  I walked in on it after I heard them screaming at each other and I heard stuff was thrown, to get my niece out of the apartment.  I carried her upstairs.  I was angry and scared for my niece.  I told my brother about this, and how absolutely angry I was. But he made it very apparent that he wouldn't leave because he was too scared to leave my niece behind and is still in love with his girlfriend.  She continued this shit all the way through our car ride back to my house an hour away.  I was angry he brought her along at all.Time passed since then, and things -seemed- to slowly get better.  She got pregnant with my nephew, and they seemed very happy.  I had talked to her a lot and I tried to give her another chance.  Then, with this recent development with my niece I tried very hard to support her because I could see how traumatized she was by what had happened to her daughter.But recently, I found out that they had another huge fight, in the middle of the night... screaming at each other.  My brother called my mother and just let the phone set so she could hear it.  It got physical... she apparently got up in my brother's face and pushed him, so he pushed her away and I think she fell.  My brother felt terrible about this, but as always, refused to acknowledge the fact that she was egging him on for hours before it happened.They need help, and I am severely worried about my niece and nephew.  I need some advice here... any advice.  My brother is probably not going to leave.  I have tried to have that conversation with him long before he had a son with her.  I'm not sure what to do anymore.  I just want him and the children to not be in this situation, trying to deal with his girlfriend's temper.  It's unhealthy, and especially damaging for the kids.
What do you do if your abuser accuses you of being abusive, and after dumping you spreads rumors that you're the abusive one?

I'm having a hard time coping tonight. My mom is a narcissist and a stalker and called CPS on me for ridiculous charges, and now I'm dealing with an investigation. My attorney is on it, trying to shut it down and get me a restraining order, but it doesn't stop the message. Two years estranged, and this is just reaffirming what every abuse survivor fears the most: you can never escape. It will never be over. I'm not scared of the outcome. I know the case will be closed, it's completely unfounded and batshit insane. But it doesn't matter. The only thing I can think about is that my abuser can make a single phone call and force me to take a humiliating test, have the safety of my home violated by the people who never were thorough enough to save me, and successfully return me to the state of being a not-person again.  
I'm getting married in a few months.  My mother, who is in charge of the rehearsal dinner, wants to invite a cousin that molested me once when I was very young.  I never told anyone in the family, except my late grandmother.  I have no problem with this individual coming to the wedding itself; its a large wedding, and I don't mind shaking hands with him for 3 seconds for the sake of saving my family drama.However, I do not want him at a more intimate event, such as my rehearsal dinner.  I have gotten in several arguments with my mother over who gets invited to the dinner, and I know that I could win all of those arguments instantly if I explained to her my reasoning.  However, I don't want to cause my family trouble, as I said, and I don't want to burden my mother with that knowledge; she has a much harder life than I do at the moment.Anyone have any help?


I apologize now for any format errors. My phone shows me it's fine, but this may not be the case for others.I was never taught the different types of abuse. I always thought it was only physical, until I got married. Before I go too far I want to say that I know I can be difficult at times. I am stubborn. I am argumentative. I am who I am and I don't budge. But I am also kind and giving. I also want to point out that before marriage, I didn't really have warning signs. Or maybe I did but they were not clear to me back then. We fought as a couple, he would always apologize for things he did or said. I felt then that it was normal and never opened up to anyone that I thought there was an issue. I wasn't even sure there was one. When we argued he would escalate it by using triggers (name calling, throwing past things in my face, etcetera). The day of our marriage, my gut said to run out of the courthouse. I chalked it up to wedding day jitters and said "I do" anyway.3 weeks into our marriage I started noticing that he was controlling. Always checked our joint account and asked about every purchase. Always wanted to know where I was going, with who, and for how long. He would make me give him the numbers of anyone and everyone I would be with. I ignored it and figured he was just being a concerned spouse. Until he started following me at times. He was convinced that I was cheating. If we went out together and I ran in to the store, he would come in after me if I took more than 4-5 minutes. If any male friends commented on Facebook, he would send them a threatening message. He figured everyone was trying to sleep with me. I lost a lot of friends.The arguing became more frequent and sometimes became physical. He never left any marks so I couldn't prove anything. It took me a full year to tell anyone what was happening. No one listened. They told me if it was bad that I would leave. No one noticed I was slipping away. He would call me fat. He would call me ugly. And stupid. Usually when we fought but even so, it always hurt. He did it because he knew it hurt. I stopped looking at myself in the mirror because I stopped being able to see myself. I believed all of the things he said.Two years in and it kept getting worse. He told me to kill myself because no one would care anyway. Told me I was worthless and that no one but him would love me. I started to tell my family I wanted to leave him. They pushed me to stay and try to go for counseling. They believed that part of it was my fault. They didn't understand that someone could be so cruel for no reason. I suggested counseling. I started to grow a backbone. He originally agreed because he didn't want me to leave. He later retracted the agreement. I should have left then. But I couldn't. No one was listening to me, no one heard my pleadings. He took away my life and I had no access to enough money to leave. I couldn't prove anything.Then one night came and he was at it again. I called my mother crying. I was running to the bathroom while he chased me. She heard him beating the door as I struggled to get in and lock him out. She listened as he screamed at me while I laid there on the floor in fear. I begged her not to call the cops. I wish I didn't. I wish she did. But that was the night my parents finally started to hear me. They started to see how manipulative he truly was. Around them, he was sweet and loving. He would tell them I was the problem. He made them believe. Until that night.I still wasn't strong enough. I felt that I was stuck and that this was my fate. But that's common for an abused person to feel that way. I didn't know that at the time. Little by little people started to listen. I stated finding support in those who had once turned their backs. There came a time, close to the end, he spit on me. I was angry at him for something he did but he spit on me and told me I was trash and I should die. That was the moment when I found myself again. I knew I was a good person and that he was not. I knew this wasn't my fault.I'm still in the divorce process. It's messy and it hurts. I'm healing though. I wish I knew then about all the different types of abuse. I feel that if I knew, I may have saved myself time and heartache. I am proud of myself though. I didn't die.I didn't give up. I didn't let him win even when I was all alone. This may not mean anything to anyone but if just one person reads this and sees a similarity and gets out, I know it wasn't all for nothing. Abuse isn't only physical. So many things happened in that marriage and I wish I could type it all out but it would take far too long. No matter what anyone says, you're not ugly. You're not worthless. You deserve to be happy and to have someone who makes you happy. If someone's way of coping with an argument is to scream and intimidate you, leave. You have options even if you don't see them. Even if no one hears you, you can get through it.
My cousin (20) is abusive to my aunt. He makes her life hell, and wont let her live her own life.My aunt and former uncle adopted a pair of Russian brothers a while back because they could not have kids of their own. Both of them have a few issues as a result of Fetal Alcohol Syndrome, but the younger of the two has turned the somewhat coddling behavior of my aunt into abusive behavior. He has bi-polar disorder, and has always been aggressive. His mother always helped him out of trouble when his BPD cause problems in school and such, but as he has grow older, his behavior has been less attributable to BPD and more controlling.He is about twice the size of my aunt, when he doesn't get what he wants (usually her money) he threatens her. On occasion he has beaten her to the point that she has called the cops, but she always lets him back in.Usually he simply takes her money, or he forges her checks, but sometimes he steals her jewelry or other things and pawns them for cash. Other times he intimidates her into buying more expensive things, like cars, for him. This is stuff she cannot afford, but buys anyway to keep him off of her.Two years ago she got remarried to an absolutely fantastic man. Our family loves him and he was so nice to her. He wasn't a big strong guy though, he was my aunt's age. My cousin hated him, as he removed some of the attention she gave him and gave her advice that drove her away from enabling him. My cousin did everything in his power to get rid of him, and it worked. He left my aunt the night that my cousin beat on their locked bedroom door, insisting that he was going to beat up my new uncle for some perceived slight.He really needs to be out on his own, whether he can last on his own or not. But I'm not sure there is a way that my aunt can get him out of her house. She is afraid of him, and he controls her. It seems odd to be saying that a child is abusing his mother, but all the signs are there. She is deep in debt because of him, one of the things that led to her recent divorce with her new husband. She cannot work full time because he wont let her. She is trapped by him, and we feel like we cannot help her out.

I'm currently dating my girlfriend of seven months, and at first things were great, obviously, during our "honeymoon" phase. One day about three months in, she suddenly started insulting me, calling me names like "asshole," "idiot," "piece of shit," etc. This was because I told her I think I'm playing too much of a certain video game. This is where it all started. These "incidents" would pop up once a week at first, then they became more common. Each one would be 1-5 hours of her being incredibly angry, calling me these things, and eventually at the end, apologizing profusely.At this point, I've had only 2 days since april 1st where she hasn't had one of these incidents, even though she's becoming more lucid and aware about everything with texts like "Every time I get mad i think i wont regret what I say And i always do" and "I dont see how these things hurt you until you actially call me crying and even then i dont see how bad it hurts until later"It's worth mentioning that these incidents happened ONLY over texts, and never in person, however lately they started happening over the phone as well.She's extremely jealous as well, she wont allow me to have female friends and she'll accuse me of wanting to do sexual things with them, even ones that I've known my entire life.I became close friends with my ex-girlfriend (who i broke up with 4 years ago when I was 14) and my current girlfriend went from not liking me talking to her, to forbidding me from ever talking to her.She understands how terrible these incidents make me feel, and the entire time I NEVER say anything insulting, I make sure of it. I'd hate to provoke anything. I tell her that I'm no longer confident. I'm no longer happy with the art and music I create, and I feel like my self-esteem is quickly lowering. She understands this, and yet she still acts out, even when it's ridiculously irrational.Here's an example of a bit of conversation with her today over the phone:> Me: Are you feeling better now that u ate> GF: yeah still hungry though i want cake and lots of it ugh> Me: Go have some. I'm glad ur better> GF: lol> Me: what> GF: I was feeling better but your stupid comment of telling me to just go get some damn cake made me feel pissed againBut this isn't uncommon, I can never predict when she'll be upset. She used to be a victim of a physically abusive boyfriend, but she hasn't told me anything about that, and I feel that because of her shitty time in middle/highschool, she's VERY insecure.I felt like I should share all of this because I need to know, for sure. Is this an abusive relationship? Am I being abused? Verbally? Emotionally?TL;DR: My girlfriend of 7 months gets angry often over texts with little to no provocation, calls me terrible names, is aware she's destroyed my confidence, and forbids me from having female friends. Is this verbal abuse?Thank you
Long story short: my mother is a terrible alcoholic. Not the one, two, three too many martinis kind. The bottles of tequila and vodka kind. The wake her up and she starts speaking to me in a different language kind. The kind that picks her kids up DUI worthy. The kind that kids get taken out of her custody by social services. The kind that tries to kill herself. My father: pretty typical in this situation. Left the family. Not because he couldn't financially support us, just didn't really seem to care. He also hit me a couple times, bruises on face type of hits. But he's been through anger management. He's honestly a lot better, my main problem with him now is he just doesn't really seem to care. I guess, my question is this: how do you deal with this? I've managed to make it out as a pretty decent human being (i hope). I also really don't think what I went through was all that bad, comparatively. But, I feel like the further I advance in life, the less people can relate to what I've been through. How do you deal? I'm open to any suggestions. 
So we have a 9 or 10 year old next door neighbor, bobby. This kid put his hand up my 8 year old daughters shirt twice. The first time, it was on the bus and included punching. I went into the principals office, and basically, we were just gonna see what happened again, and my daughter would be a car rider, and bobby would be a bus rider. Well, a few months later, he put his hand up her shirt again. I guess he became a car rider and did it while they were waiting in line. The principal from before has now left. The new principal is an idiot. Bobbys parent don't care, "boys will be boys right?". so a detective interviewed my daughter to get the story. We're waiting for the detective to send the report of to the super intendant. But, the super intendant (however you spell it) has already said that the won't suspend or expell him. Basically, it sounds like they want us to transfer my daughter to another school. But why should my daughter have to leave all of her friends? Plus she's getting the reading help she needs, and its a shame to stop that. We can certainly protect her at home, but what should we do about the school? Go to the press? Is there free or cheap legal help for this kind of thing? If the kid is ten, he will be prosecuted. If he's nine, which we think he is, basically nothing will happen. This is after my poor little daughter had to tell tell and relive the whole story to a detective. What should I do?



First of all, my point will go off-course. Not sure if my ADHD is real or if sailing off-point is normal. I will also forget things. Anyway…Part of my coping strategy was thinking that I was just a bad luck Chuck, and people were awful. I still to this day, one year after I got outta the situation, feel like nothing (well, most things) is/are my fault, and still hate certain groups of people. I've been exceptionally apathetic and angry. But also darkly humoured and carefree.I have hated: white people, Christians, northern Americans (like Wisconsin and such), Southern Americans (like Alabama), old people, conservatives, men, and happy go-lucky and/or happy people. Those are the ones I remember or can think of. I think I still hate all of them. However, I am a white man who, sometime during the abuse, turned atheist from Christian, and liberal from conservative. I kinda feel like I shouldn't hate those people because I am/was them.I disregarded any white guys who wanted to be my friend, and made successful efforts to befriend Mexican girls. I had friends of other races as my friends, and guys who were already my friends, and I could tolerate very few of my white and/or guy friends.I constantly make fun of devout Christians (I'm surrounded by lots of them), and any other outspoken group near me. The only person that hates me, I think, is that one girl who kept staring at and obsessing over me when we first met. My point is, my harassment of people (not really harassment but you know, right?) is tolerable, and usually funny. I'm outspoken on my beliefs and have just gotten angry. My main point is, I hate everything. I don't know if I can get help for being cynical, hateful, apathetic, carefree, dark-humoured, and easily giving into mental demands. I forgot why I wrote this. I just want help, and what kind of help. I don't even know myself.

So I don't really know where to begin and im sorry if this is all typed out in a jumble but I'm still shaken. My stepfather has been abusive for almost about 6 months. He's only ever physically abused me once but he and my mom always get into arguments and they are usually physical. The most recent was about 30 minutes ago. My mom and stepfather have been staying at his auto-mechanic shop this past week so I haven't seen or heard from either of them other than the occasional check-up call from my mom. I was in charge of packing up boxes and watching my little brother for a few days since we're being evicted and have to move into his auto-mechanic shop for a while. They both came home today and after a few minutes I heard them arguing in my room about how he gives everything to this family and how I (he specifically mentioned me) just squander all over him and appreciate nothing, when I have given up so much for the family. I never get to see friends, cook dinner and clean up everything every day. But he *never* appreciates it. I heard him slap my mom several times until I decided to take my 13 year old mentally challenged brother out of the house so he didn't have to hear it.The thing is we can't get out of the house. My mom has no job, no money, soon no home, and his shop is signed under her name. I've never talked to anyone about this and my mom has a long history of dating abusive guys but this time we're trapped and I just want to help my mom. I came so close to confronting him earlier but I know if I do, that  he'll definitely attack me, which I'd prefer oveer him hurting my mom.



My older sister abused my younger brother and I in really extreme ways, especially me (I'm also female). She was extremely physically and sadistically sexually abuse and she also scapegoated me all the time for no apparent reason, even when she wasn't mad at me. Stuff like carving my name into my parents hardwood banisters to get me in huge trouble, for no reason at all. My parents caught on to what she was doing eventually but the rule that I had to take whatever she did to me remained. I could go over a million anecdotes but there are so many, it was my whole life. A typical, every-day example is when she cracked an egg over my head during a family party I got dressed up for (I think she was mad at my parents at the time)  and laughed hysterically and my mom said, "oh, sorry" in a way that connotes, "Oh, well, that happens." I'd have been yelled at and shamed in front of everyone if I did anything like that to her. The most scarring memories are the physical and sexual abuse they let her inflict and pretended not to notice. I have vague memories of my air supply being cut off and being panicked which are associated with her. The advice I got was that I should try to trick her by making her look another way and then running, but you can only make someone look another way for a split second and she was *really* fast. I remember telling my mom about how her "just trick her" plan failed and the abuse that followed, and she comforted me but of course my sister was in no trouble. That became the standard my whole life.As adults, I still show up to family events that my widowed mom puts a lot of effort into, and no matter the situation, the only joke my sister seems to know is about how incompetent I am, and there are still dire consequences for accidentally disagreeing with her. It wasn't until my late teens that the curtain was lifted before my eyes and I realized everything my mom fed me about poor her being bullied at school for never talking (as if I didn't have the same problem, and I'm pretty sure I got bullied worse) was my mom's way of keeping our "dirty secrets" underwraps, because she knew that I was the one who could be successfully manipulated with guilt. My sister does not know guilt. She had me lie on her behalf throughout my childhood and never admitted it after it became clear what she'd done. It was usually triggered by something like accidentally disagreeing with her. She is only two years older than me. She is more functional than me now and I've sworn that I'll get revenge someday. There are all these stupid truisms about bygones blah blah, but I've wanted it my entire life and I know I will get some peace (no I won't kill her, and I don't have it planned out atm or anything).Anyway I'm wondering if anyone else out there can relate. The sibling with alleged "problems" being allowed to cause their other siblings "problems" that last their entire lives. 
I don't know how else to say it. I was crying and upset about a long argument we'd had the night before and I wanted him to comfort me about it. I was crying very hard when he jumped out and grabbed my head and started shaking me. I screamed and kicked him off me and kept kicking in the air just saying get off of me don't grab me. He jumped up and tried to break my cellphone just in pure anger. He threw it across the room. And I was having an emotional break down at this point. Both shouting. He stared pushing me and grabbing at me and I almost fell and hit my head. He started breaking more things in the house and I was cornered. If I tried to pass he grabbed my ankle and pulled me back. Afterwards he broke down and just said that he is retarded, or he should kill himself. But he never apologized or acknowledged the attack. After I showed him how shocked I was and can't believe he hasn't said he won't do it again, he did say he won't do it again. I don't know who that man was. In the past during arguments he has broken things and suddenly boiled over. It's very frightening. Today he attacked me though. He threw punches at the couch right next to my face. I was terrified. I was scared of this person. But we are just starting our life together. I know he loves me and we have our whole future ahead of us. What do I do to handle this. I am so lost and scared. 
for 18 years I have been mentally and physically abused by my husband, he has control of my every thought and emotion.
Wall of text--its a lot and I kind of rambled but its something I've got to sayI am not posting this to get treated like dirt, or for sympathy. I'm posting so that maybe some of the victims of abuse can understand the way their abuser thought. I can only speak for myself, and my experiences, but maybe you'll notice some familiar behavior in my actions and those of the person you know.Some background: I'm 23, female, 5'2", and 115 lbs. I suffer from bipolar 2, which is often left unchecked due to lack of resources for treatment. I've been in and out of counseling since I was 7 for anger problems, depression, and outbursts growing up. As I previously stated, for a short time it is under control but the resources dry up and I'm back at square one. My father abused my mother, and his father abused his mother. My mom threw my dad out when I was very young, so I don't remember ever seeing anything. Ive been told that abuse is genetic, but I thought it more of a learned behavior. I was wrong.My bipolar began to manifest itself at a very young age, starting with insomnia at age 9. I know that is unheard of, but in my case, it is the truth. I remember another instance, at 13, where I was having a manic episode (a bipolar high) at school. I'd joined an anger management class through my school, and the counselor asked me on a scale of one to six, how I was feeling that day (1 being something terrible happened to you, 2 meaning you're extremely sad, through 6, which meant something great had happened). I told the counselor I was a 6, and when asked why, I said no particular reason. I was elated, feeling great, invincible. She proceeded to tell me I wasn't feeling 6, maybe 5, because nothing of note was the reason for my happiness. After a minor argument, I let it go, now angry, and never went back.When I turned 18 and moved away from home, my bipolar disorder had fully manifested itself. I was (am, still) mostly even tempered, with the ocassional highs, lows, and rages associated with the disorder. Ignorant as I was, I began to use drugs like cocaine, ecstasy, acid, mushrooms, prescription pain killers, you name it. I learned rather quickly that these drugs affected me differently than others. Hallucinogens hurt my head, like someone was chopping at my brain with a razor. Out of hundreds of trips, I can think of *one time* I enjoyed my trip. With the ecstasy and molly and cocaine, I noticed that *afterwards*, in the days that followed my bender, I didn't bounce back quite as quickly as everyone else. This is when my boyfriend and I would fight. Until that point, I was able to keep my rage in check, but suddenly, when angry, I was losing all control. I'd throw things, break things, sit on my hands so I didn't hurt him, I spat in his face once, I remember. And when I still couldn't come down from that rage plateau, I'd turn on *myself*. Burning myself with lighters and cigarettes, ripping at my hair, hitting myself. Anything to keep from hurting *him*.I know what you're thinking, if you had control, why not just walk away? Because he wouldnt let me. He believed an argument needed to be hashed out right then and there, so he would barricade me in a room with him. That's when things would escalate.My actions at that point should have been a red flag, and it sort of was, but not enough for me to really examine what was happening. I knew I was losing control, could feel myself slipping into this *other* person, and I needed help. But I never saw it as *that bad*. I went and saw a therapist, who prescribed me stuff. Thing was, I was still taking ecstasy at that point. Mixing what they prescribed me with ecstasy was stupid, I knew, but I tried it anyway. The first time I mixed, it was LSD. I tried to kill myself. Even called my mom, I was afraid to be alone because I knew I was going to kill myself, and I didn't even want to die. Just knew this world would be a better place with one less person like me in it. The second, and final time, I mixed my drugs, it was with ecstasy at a festival. I thought gave myself serotonin syndrome, but I now believe that morning was my first panic attack. From then on, I had panic attacks fairly regularly.Some time passes, I go off my meds (couldn't afford them), dumped my boyfriend, moved back home with my family, shed all bad habits except an opiate addiction I've been nursing for several years, and smoking cigarettes. A couple years goes by without much incident. Usual bipolar ups and downs, only 2 or 3 outbursts of rage, but fairly calm all the same.Then I met my current boyfriend. Our relationship got off on a rocky start. He had been sleeping with an older woman, who wanted him to herself, though she had other partners. She frequented the bar where he works, and in the beginning we'd go there a lot. She'd make eyes at him the whole time we were there together, which upset me. Our first fight (nonviolent) was because of her, we'd both been drinking (oh, I took up drinking when I met him, never cared for it beforehand). There were also rumors of him having a crush on my sister, which he later validated. Realistically, I should have left him when he began making eyes at the older woman as well, instead of getting upset then letting it slide. I'd been alone for so long, though, and he was cute, funny, and shy, like me, I just let it go and hoped it'd go away on its own.The first time I hit him, we'd been drinking. All of our crazy fights that got physical were when we drank, until recently. I had two bottles of twisted tea in my hand, and he said something I didn't like, so I popped him in the mouth. I didn't think, I just reacted. I immediately felt terrible, and shocked at myself. I didn't apologize until the next day, and swore, swore it would never happen again.But it did. For a while, we'd fight whilst drunk, and I'd try to leave, and he'd block the way or knock me back or sit on me to keep me from leaving, so I hit him. Never did any good, he's got 50 pounds on me, but it *felt* good. Like a release of tension. I was never sorry when I hit him in those instances.During this, my bipolar was getting the best of me in the sense that now I was having paranoid thoughts, mostly about him and other women, and that would lead to regular panic attacks. I moved in with him, and not long after started using opiates heavily again. Things spiraled out of control, the fighting became more frequent because opiates mess with my head and make me mean, I had to move out. After I moved out, I continued using opiates for a while, but also entered a depression. My boyfriend and I broke up for a week because of the drugs, and got back together. I cleaned up and things were going well, with no physical violence.I relapsed, had only been using again for a couple weeks when I went on a day-long rant about something trivial. Between that rant, and other things that had been going on, he decided enough was enough and left me.I took it hard. Very, very hard. When he stopped returning my texts, I had a nervous breakdown and admitted myself to the psych ward. I was put on anti depressants and anxiety medication, with a referral for an outpatient drug center. I made an effort to stay on my meds, but the only way for me to get them was through the drug people and I didn't see any reason to stay sober. My great love, that one we all wish for, was gone. I dated two other people while we were separated, but they knew I still loved him, and I didn't try to hide it. Of course, they weren't happy, so it didn't last with either of them.Even without my medication, though, my anxiety and paranoia disappeared completely while we were broken up. Most of the extreme symptoms of bipolar I'd been experiencing went away, despite the depression and continued drug use.My SO and I got back together in December, after 3 months. My only ride home from work was my sister, and she was going to the bar, and he happened to be there. Before she picked me up, she made him leave though, so he wouldn't upset me. Not long after my arrival, he stormed back in and began shooting pool. Long story short (haha) the next day, we were back together. Seeing as my bipolar had gotten under control, and my opiate habit was mainly limited to suboxone, he (and I, if I'm honest) thought I'd changed. He told me to quit the drugs, and I did. it was hard, but I did it.I found out at the beginning of January that I'm pregnant. Being an emotional person anyway, I expected some hormonal fluctuations to my moods.*Nothing* like this.The first night I got physical with him since being pregnant, since we broke up in September, it was because he had been out at the bar, and wasn't answering my texts. The argument started out simple enough, and probably would have ended quickly if I hadn't been so angry, and he hadn't been drunk. He has a habit of talking over me when he's drunk, and makes mean, nasty little comments just to egg me on.The whole thing is a blur, really. I went from angry to whole-other dimension pissed off in no time, and I went after him. It started with a slap here and there, when he tried to leave he grabbed my cigarettes so I grabbed his hair to stop him, this happened a few times, each time he'd grab something of mine, and I'd get ahold of whatever part of him I could reach. During all of this, we were screaming at each other, so of course the whole house was woken up.After getting whatever he'd taken on his way out of my room back, I'd shut the door, and calmly go back to what I was doing. But he was drunk and belligerent, and has to have the last word, so he would come storming back up the stairs to say something rude, throw tobacco all over my floor, or break one of my things. One of these times was the last straw. *I'd had it*I'd like to say I don't remember it all, it went black, blah blah, and that's partially true. He came back up into my room, and said *something*, and I launched off my bed. I don't remember what happened after that, for probably a good 30 seconds, but next thing I remember is being on my back on my bed, him standing over me, blocking my blows, as I kicked him repeatedly. He walked away, I stood up. He balled up my bag of loose tobacco, and pitched it right into my stomach. Knocked the wind out of me and made me double over. I didn't miscarry, so I think its safe to say I absolutely deserved that. It was -5 out, he decided to leave and walk to his parents house, 7 miles away. I let him go.Not long after, he called me from McDonalds and I borrowed my mom's car and took him the remaining 4 miles home.I never apologized for that. I actually blamed him for a lot of it, the most I said was that I had gotten out of hand. What a shitty thing that is. I know damn well that whole fight was my fault, I was the aggressor, and then I made him out to be the bad guy? Come on, now.But I didn't think that at the time. I couldn't even admit to *myself* what I'd done, how I'd acted. I was that *other* person, I was my dad. I was so embarrassed and ashamed. I had lost control completely, like never before. And he didn't leave me.Earlier this week, we had another bad fight. This one spanned most of the day, and we were both sober. I don't know what sparked it, honestly. I do know that at one point, while running errands, he jumped out of the car at a stop sign to get away from my incessant bitching. On his way out, he said, "I'm not signing the birth certificate, that baby isn't mine." I continued driving a moment before that sank in. Suddenly, I lost it. I was gonna run him over. I was shaking, I was so mad. I slammed the car into a U turn and chased him down. He jumped onto the sidewalk when he saw me. I threw the car in park in the middle of the street, climbed out the passenger side door, and went after him. He started running. I got ahold of his shirt, just then a car pulled up behind me and I had to go.So after a few minutes, I call him, ask him where he's at, tell him I'll calm down and quit being angry. Things go smoothly until that night, with minor bickering between. Once again, things escalate over something so trivial I don't even remember now, and we fight. I hit him. First a slap, then later, a few more slaps, then I outright punched him at least once. My mother had to intervene when she watched me smack him after he said something that pissed me off. She took him to the bar up the street.An hour later, we are texting back and forth. I sent this: "it was wrong of me to do blah blah, and I'm sorry I hit you." That's when I realized, my *boyfriend* is in an abusive relationship, and I am the abuser. The only time he's ever laid a hand on me was *in his own defense* or if I'd hit him, and that was only hugging me so I'd quit hitting him, or pushing me, which usually resulted in me falling on my ass. He's never, ever hit me back.That realization hit me so hard. I hated myself in that moment, I hated that somehow, I'd lost control of my anger while *sober*. I'm doing these things *sober* now, I thought. And I'm guessing that turning it around on him, making myself the victim, making him apologize to *me* is a psychological aspect of it. And I had *no idea*.As a small person, I don't do any physical damage to him. And honestly, once its all said and done, he doesn't seem to realize what's going on here, what position he is in, what I've been *doing* to him.The last text I sent him that night was, "The pregnancy is fucking with my head. I have no control over my anger, you should stay away from me." I meant it. He sent back, "I love u baby". He meant it.Though he has forgiven me, this time, I don't think I can forgive myself. What if this rage goes beyond him, reaches our child? I'd kill myself if I hurt him or her in a fit of rage.I didn't grow up with my father, but I have become him, doing the same things he does, and his father before him. They weren't children beaters, as far as I know, so hopefully between the counseling I'm actively trying to seek, and that, my kids won't know abuse in my home, at my hand or someone else's.Sorry for the long rant.

I am writing this because I have no idea where to turn, I feel lost and alone. Ssuicide is not an option as I must stay strong and protect my family. My father just finished another one of his fits and I am sitting here still extremely shaken with my brother.I am 19, and I live with my parents and a little brother (17.) Most of the times, my mother and brother and I live fairly content with ourselves and we try our best to ignore our father. For some odd reason my mother can not find herself leaving my father out of fear of consequences, because my father always told us that if we ever left him or called the cops he would somehow find us and kill us.I try my best to not get on his bad side, and often times I am successful by just being polite to him when I am forced to interact with him. I usually say common courtesy stuff such as "good morning, good night, hi, bye etc" and nothing else. I always leave the room when he is in it, and so does everyone else in the family. He always rambles on about how he is right and no one understands that he just wants whats best, but it is hard to believe in such claims when he constantly threatens to inflict harm on us if we ever push him "over the edge."Aside from the physical abuse ( that is less frequent, ) my father constantly threatens me verbally and always announces his intentions to hurt me if I do something he disapproves of again. HE always claims that he isnt do it out of his own spite but because I am such a wicked and misbehaved child. I don't do drugs, seldom hang out with friends, and I have never gotten into any trouble, except for a few school fights when I was in elementary. After 19 years of this abuse, I have developed severe lack of self-confidence, and I never realized the impact my father had on me until one day someone dropped their book and tried to catch it mid-air and I flinched very hard, it was then that I realized that any motion of raised hands and etc would immediately scare me.I just want to know what to do, how to approach this issue. I can not picture myself living with my father any longer, nor do I have the ability to run away and raise my mother and brother by myself. I don't want to live in fear anymore, I dread going home, and I am afraid to tell anyone I know because I feel like my friends will abandon me and look at me like a freak. What options do I have for this situation? My father is emotionally abusive, I do not feel safe with him at all, and at times he gets very physical... He verbally undermines my family frequently as well... The eerie thing is that after all these incidents, my father goes back to his cheerful self and tries to "connect" with us and joke around... Do you have any idea how confused I am? I don't even know what his intentions are, but I dont feel safe at all... I know this all sounds very long winded, maybe repetitive, maybe childish, maybe whatever. But I am LOST and ALONE. I dont know what to do. Help!
I've had two abusers in my life, one an extremely hostile roommate and later an ex gf. Both attacked me over a long period, eventually with both I lost my composure and reacted in an embarrassing way. Both used the exact same words, that I was "burning my bridges" which in both cases meant that they were slandering me to others. I also felt that they had burned their bridges with me and were transferring responsibility. I always try to be kind and empathetic but they would never move an inch. Does anyone else have experience with being accused of burning bridges?
Please see [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1wvj1j/what_bad_thing_have_you_done_that_you_want_or/) for more details.  
So when my wife and I get into an argument  there can be a fight. Most recently she was trying to tell me an answer for something she had been preparing for all week (interview questions). She was in the middle of giving me her response to a possible question when I rudely interrupted her. She your very upset and I apologize severely times about my comment and behavior. I try to hug and say "I am sorry" but she starts to kick and elbow me. I recieve several very hard elbow blows to the top of my head and get my hair pulled as I continue to apologize and say I'm sorry.  I'm told fuck off and she storms into the kitchen throwing food I had cooked for dinner on the floor and empty the contents of the freezer on to the floor as well. I try to console her and ask her to stop. She throws the wedding ring at me and I try to hug her to apologize for me speaking out of turn like a dick. She then chokes me pushing me against the oven. I give her space to cool off at this point and to clean up the kitchen. After some time has passed I go into our bedroom to check on her. Where I get blamed for the reason she acts like that is because off my bad attitude/personality. She gets even more upset when I say that is no excuse to chock me. She then in starts yo tell in anguish and tears very loudly and says why do you have to Fuck with me before my interview. I apologize but receive several hits from a plastic hanger that ends up breaking on my forearm . She uses the broken pieces and it ends up drawing blood on my forearm. I am again choked. Eventually she calls down to talk to me. ..there's more but I think that covers the problem I am facing now...what do I do. I love her but I'm just breaking down mentally and psychologically....

I've had to endure some pretty awful things from my parents over the years, but this stands out most clearly in my mind. My parents were very strict and required me to not only obey them, but also completely submit to them mentally. Once when I was about 11, they forced me to wear a diaper, lay in my younger brother's crib and drink from a baby bottle. I really didn't want to, but they threatened to beat me if I didn't. Would this be considered mental or physical abuse? :(

Please forgive me if none of this sounds coherent. I'm struggling to process this myself. It's been a while since I told anybody about him since he would always find the person I told (especially when I asked them to go make him stop!) and explain how I did it to myself. He was my friend.When I was 17, I met a man named Mac. Mac is a stereotypical crazy Christian who thinks Westboro has several valid points.To hear him tell it, Mac started out a good guy. Then he got sick and God held him by the metaphorical throat and said, "choose Me or choose to die right here in your hospital bed". Mac acted to preserve his life. He was in shock, unable to even get out of bed for a full three months. Unable to leave his home for even longer. Then one day he picked up a bible. The rest is history and he gradually morphed into the cold, spiteful husk of a man he is today.I did not know Mac then. This all happened 4 years before we met.To this day I have no idea how our relationship evolved into this, but we'd go through a sort of ritual almost nightly. I wanted to be a good person, wanted to make him pleased with me, and most of all wanted him to comfort me. So I'd ask him to preach the "good news" to me. He'd sometimes say no, that I never listened and never did what he said, so why did I deserve his time? So I'd beg him to, and say I really would try this time. So he would. He'd tell me that I'd sinned, God was angry with me, I'm at enmity with God, God hates me and everyone remotely like me, etc etc. Once he said that when God came back he'd show the world how terrible I was and when they found out even my own mother would want to put me in Hell, and the whole world would be thrilled to be rid of me. He'd go on like that. I'd argue back, say it wasn't all my fault, etc. He'd argue that it was. And eventually he'd break me down.And when he'd finally finished shouting at me I'd be crying, and only then, he'd cease to scream at me. And he'd comfort me. He'd tell me that because I hate myself I have hope, and that I could change, and that even though I was a burden, I was his burden and it was worth it.That last bit, the part when he stopped and built me back up again... I got addicted to that. I wanted his praise because it was almost impossible to get. He was never happy with me so when he was it really meant something. Every time he'd stop his abuse for the night, I'd feel grateful and happy. I'd feel so much love for him for being merciful. I'd tell myself he did have a heart after all.Sometimes, I would tell people. Friends, mostly. My family was Christian and didn't think what he did was abuse. Maybe a little too harsh, but not abuse. Sometimes after I told people I would ask them to go with me to confront Mac. I wanted someone to tell him that what he was doing was wrong. And when I'd try to get him to stop he'd tell them- and me, and anybody else who happened to be in earshot, "Are you kidding me?! The stupid whore did it to herself! She ASKED me to preach to her! I was just doing as I was told! If she's upset it's her fault!" And then he'd turn to me and scold me for being a lying, manipulative little demoness trying to make him look bad when it was my own fault in the first place. And since he was right- I DID ask for it- I can't really go to anyone because it's my fault.I have tried to cut Mac out of my life many, many times. Every time I'd go back at some point, even after managing to stay way for months, because I'd miss his bizarre form of kindness. I was addicted. I needed him and he could almost tolerate me, so it worked.Now, the reason I'm writing this (TL;DR Ahead) is because last night I was rehashing this whole story to a trusted, dear friend. He's someone who knows about Mac, and he has helped me out of many sleepless nights, suicide attempts, and self-harm binges. I missed Mac especially much last night and needed to get it out. I asked him, "It really is my fault isn't it?" And honestly I was expecting sweet sugary lies. Of course it's not your fault, honey, you're a perfect angel who has never done anything to deserve this. But what he said was, "Yeah, going back to him that many times was really, really stupid, and it's a mistake you need to own up to and get over and move past.I felt like I had been slapped. I knew in my heart this was true, but it was shocking to hear him say it. I had hoped somewhere in the back of my mind that maybe no one else would feel the way I do, the way Mac does, about my actions. I spent the rest of the night alternating between screaming, punching pillows, and sobbing. I am the only abused person ever who is at fault for being abused. I know it, too.I hate me. And I'm sorry but I can't move past it. I have no idea how to move past it. Fuck him, fuck Mac, fuck me. I hate myself.



I'm 16 and my sibling who is 19 keeps fighting me over the littlest things. Like he'll push my buttons then I insult him back he gets REALLY angry and then he tries to fight me. He's literally fought both my parents but they still refuse to remove him from our home. When he's not here(at college) the house is peaceful and even my parents admit it. I honestly don't know what to do about it, I just want it to stop.
Last night I was hit by my now ex and had to call the police and go to the hospital for stitches.  I had called the police and told them I would like to press charges.  Come to find out today he wasn't arrested and his family painted me as the aggressor.  He doesnt have any marks on him and her the police didn't take him.  I had been told by the police who had responded to the call that even if I hadn't pressed charges that they would take him in yet he still remains at home.  Should I call the police department and figure out the story or should I leave it all alone and get on with my life?
I have been studying the art of journalism for the past three and a half years, in a formal classroom setting and as an active observer in the classroom of life.  My ability to tell a story has improved exponentially and my experiences have been no doubt worthy of sharing.However, it has been a long time since I have told one of my own stories.  Perhaps because the last year and half of my life - although it sounds like one amazing series of adventures  - has had a very dark underbelly that I have hid away from my friends, family and until recently, myself.  Silly, isn’t it? For an aspiring journalist to hide from the truth? As a respect to myself, to those who love me and to every reporter who has ever bent over backwards to seek the truth, the hiding ends today.  The story I want to share isn’t pretty.  It will strike a chord with many people and it will probably be difficult to read for those close to me.  But it does have a happy ending.  And if my story helps a stranger make the right decision, then the tears I shed and the moments I relive while writing this will be worth it. I recently stumbled across this article posted in my town’s local paper: http://missoulian.com/news/opinion/columnists/missoulians-opened-homes-hearts-to-man-in-need/article_362a22d8-6e47-11e3-9aeb-0019bb2963f4.htmlNo doubt most people who read this story were touched.  It really is an amazing instance of a community becoming one to offer a helping hand to a stranger.  The generosity of Pet Au Pair and of the others who helped this man is a perfect example of the random acts selfless humanity that make me want to be a journalist.  Let me be clear – nothing I have to say changes the value of that generosity.However when I read this story, I became enraged.  And I will explain why later….This man, who is the hero if this story was my boyfriend for 15 months.  We lived together for about 13 of those months.  I met him when I was 18 years old, and he two months shy of 40.  He was charming, creative, ambitious, experienced and confident. Like no one I had ever met before.  And despite the age difference and some very obvious insecurities, like his excessive jealousy, I can say that I was in love with him within three months of meeting him.  That is something I am ashamed to admit now.  But it is part of my past.  We moved to Hawaii together shortly thereafter. The fact that at 19 years old, I moved 3000 miles with a man twice my age with only my camera, $500 and no plan, should prove to you that I am about as independent and confident as they come.  No one’s words of wisdom could stop me from this adventure.  I knew it was risky. I knew I would probably fail at “becoming a photographer in Hawaii,” but I wanted to try and no one was going to stop me.  At age 20, almost exactly a year later, that same girl with an unrivaled passion for life, was so insecure that half the time she was convinced she was crazy.  That girl…I didn’t have any friends.  I didn’t talk to my family.  I didn’t go out.  I only smiled to keep up appearances.  I stopped taking photographs…my favorite thing in the world.  I self-harmed, two, three times a week.  I was hospitalized for suicide watch and stuck with a $2000 bill I can’t pay (this is the first time I am telling anyone.)  I lost almost 40lbs in 12 months. It turns out, that man who I thought could keep up with my energy and passion, crushed it instead. I could say a lot of things about my ex-boyfriend, but I won’t say that he was dumb.  In fact he was probably a genius.  Anyone who could completely brain wash (and that is what emotion abuse is) someone as free-spirited as myself deserves some credit. I don’t completely understand the psychology between this kind of brain-washing, but it started with little things…accusing me of flirting, small acts of hypocrisy, publicly picking fights for mistakes, showing displeasure but not telling me why.  Eventually, I wasn’t allowed to eat, breath or sleep anything that wasn’t him and I was absolutely convinced that my “devotion” was for the good of the relationship. I was so completely convinced that everything was my fault that I stayed with him until someone else intervened.  I stayed with him after he used our money to rent a house and only put his name on the lease without talking to me, then kicked me out on the streets when I wanted to hang up posters in “his house.” I stayed with him after he threatened me with a knife.  I stayed with him after he went through all of my text messages, emails and Facebook messages from up to a year before we were dating.  I stayed with him after he followed me to a class because he didn’t believe that’s where I was going.  I stayed with him after he destroyed my computer which I am dependent on for school and partial income.  After he threw me against an electrical box, after he smashed my phone so I couldn’t call the police, after he threw me on the ground so hard I threw out my back and could barely walk, after he put a gash above my eye and on my hands…. And after he spit in my face and called me trash while I was on the ground cowering….He quit every job he ever had after 3 months and even when I was single handedly supporting the both of us with my part time job, I always, always believed it was my fault. I always let him come back. I’m not saying I was perfect.  I pushed back sometimes.  I said things I would never have dreamed of saying to anyone prior to that relationship.  I know he tells people I am the one who was physically abusive, because of one time when punched him in the arm.   I never hurt him or intended to, but I did things I am not proud of.  When no matter what you do or say or how you act or who you talk to or anything is good enough, when nothing will make the person who is supposed to love you most show you respect, you start to believe that maybe the only thing that will work is if you act crazy too. When crazy is normal, you don’t know it’s crazy.  The man in the article (my ex-boyfriend) was “homeless,” because I had enough.  I don’t know why this particular fight was different.  Maybe it was because he actually hit me instead of just throwing me into things.  Maybe it was because he stole all my forms of communicating with the outside world and I was scared. But when something clicked in me, when everything fell into the right place I immediately filed a restraining order and went to a shelter.  Mind you, I had tried simply breaking up with him before and he just refused to leave. He has no reason to stay in Missoula other than to spite me.  There is no work her.  He has family on the east coast that have offered to fly him home, including a teenage daughter he hasn’t seen in 2 years. He never once considered living in Missoula until I moved here for school.The dog in his story, was my dog too. I cared for her just as much if not more over the past year and a half.  I made arrangements for her to be cared for while I was at the shelter and instead he chose to drag her out on a -4 degree night to guilt me instead of using those accommodations. I can’t explain the agony I went through over losing that dog.  While I know Missoula Pet Au Pair is taking excellent care of her, being uprooted at forced into a strange situation at that age in a dog’s life is about the worst thing you can do.  I never got to say goodbye to her and I still feel guilty every day because she probably thinks I abandoned her.There were several reasons I was so angry when I read that Missoulian article. 1.There are good, generous people in the world and they are being manipulated by someone who is only out for himself.  I am strong.  I will survive this.  But it hurts more than you can possibly imagine to know that he is doing again to another innocent victim.2.He is accepting charity based on a story of how horrible I was. This is a small town.3.It simply isn’t fair.  Why should we, victims of abuse have to stay silent?  Going public with this story is completely taboo.  I met women at the shelter who were so broken and damaged and one reason or another, their abusers were completely free and still controlling their lives.My goal in sharing this story is not to hurt my ex-boyfriend.  My goal is to break the cycle of silence.  If someone else reads this and gets the courage to speak out or better yet, get the courage to get out of their situation, it’ll be worth it. This is a work in progress.  I don’t know if I should share it. What do you think reddit? 
Throwaway for obvious reasons. My other half knows about my reddit username and I don't want her to know about this.Background: Male, early 20s, mother very suddenly died when I was young and left me, my sibling and my dad.My dad and I were never close - he worked away a lot while my mother raised me and my sibling at home. He worked odd hours before taking a job 200 miles away, spending the week there before commuting home on a Friday night and returning on a Sunday evening so we hardly saw him. The career he was in meant he could earn a lot of money doing what he did, so he followed that to the extreme - he was willing to leave his family for a week at a time to earn it.When I was 7, my mother died. Took less than 24 hours from taking ill to dying. He obviously could no longer work and stayed at home, living off the life insurance payout which was significant. He started to drink heavily as a coping mechanism for the death of my mother, did nothing with me and my sibling that a parent should do - we were left to our own devices, left at home regularly alone. He washed our clothes and filled the fridge but did little else but drink and sit at his computer. He started sleeping with a married woman because she was open to it around 12 months after my mother died. He is the sort of person who has the attitude of "As long as I'm happy, then fuck everybody else, they don't matter". When the affair was exposed he taunted the husband, mocking him for having a wife who he couldn't satisfy. Around 2 years after my mother died he started to shout a lot more and get physically violent (Which I have been to counselling for and dealt with the resulting depression and various other problems I have - I have Asperger Syndrome), but I have made (mostly) peace with that. I know what he did was wrong, he sees no issue in it and doesn't think he was wrong. I've learned to accept I have no chance of closure and that letting it control me will do no good to my mental well-being.Throughout the 3 years of counselling I had, this never occurred to me - he used to touch my backside quite often which I was never comfortable with (although being an aspie I'm not really comfortable with *anybody* touching me) and this continued until I was 16 and left home because I cut off all contact with him. I know he is interested in children - one of the reasons I left home is that I found a hoard of child pornography on his computer. He denied being a paedophile (although he denied being an alcoholic and got very defensive when accused of it so take from what what you will) but I've seen him leering at underage girls.He used to just open my bedroom door (privacy did not exist in the house when I lived there, only when he wanted it) regardless of what I was doing. He has caught me masturbating and not once did he close the door and apologise - he would stand and look at me while I was trying to cover myself up. I was around 12-15 when this happened.Is that abuse? I don't want somebody just to say it is because we're in an abuse subreddit, I would prefer honesty and reasons why you think it is/isn't. I was researching child abuse, got onto sexual abuse and discovered what a "regressed paedophile" is.[Link](http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=w2NFpGQciSQC&lpg=PA12&ots=tBul9W94mf&dq=regressed%20paedophile&pg=PA11#v=onepage&q&f=false)Thanks.
20 years I endured being verbally and emotionally abused.  I never knew what was wrong.  It was like a slow growing cancer.Every day I was loosing a little more if myself, becoming more afraid of my husband, feeling unsure of how to make decisions, and then one day it was too much and I panicked.I had a panic attack after he was done telling me how stupid and worthless I was.  I could not breathe well for hours and it took me weeks to breathe without a hickup.  I knew I could never go home again.Now I am free.  But I lost my home, my community, and my teenage sons will not speak to me.My x needs control.  I never knew that the way I was being treated is abuse until I was gone.  Until I found some clarity.  The community views me as abandoning my wonderful family and home as do my children.  The lies he had spread about me are believed by him.He took a lotHe didn't get me
I do not want to say how I am related to her in the fear of someone recognising this story.When she was a kid a relation of hers would feel her up while she slept. this went on for years. Her mother or ANY of her family did NOTHING about this, turned a blind eye. everyone knows what he did and other similar things aswell.. and he is still going around as a great dad/husband/ son in law. and everyone has forgotten about this. WHAT THE HELL SORT OF SICK FREAKS DO THAT? the people who did nothing are just as bad. now she is an adult. she was a kid. and the grown ups were supposed to protect .. but THE PAEDOPHILE was protected.Now, along with this, and my other insecurities. Anytime she goes to go out for the night with a friend I go a little mad. All I can think of is every man, young to old perving on her and trying to get off with her. and another reason it drives me insane is from things i have read about girls who were abused. so many become pornstars, sluts, whores or in someway crave male attention in some weird way to get try and conquer the pain and gain control of it. Also, so many kids who are abuse end up being the abusers to try and deal with it and because they have it in the back of their mind that touching kiddies isnt as bad because theyve witnessed it. I cant stop thinking that she is messed up in some way like this now.. and i will never know. how would anyone be right? someone she trusted?The only way i think i will ever get over it even slightly, is if he is sent to prison. this is unlikely to happen cos of the idiot family would not back it up and the victim doesnt want it to be publicised.. I honestly cant let it go, i will never get over it until somethings done.So..I was planning on finding out where this man worked and sending letters explaining what he is like. he is also fucking women cheating on his wife at work apparently. send them anonymously. get his name out there, get ppl talking and thinking of what he is like. he NEEDS to be found out. GOD KNOWS how many other kids and people he has abused since this that we dont know about and why wouldnt he if he has permission by the parents seeing as they wont stop it.do u think this is a good way of getting him known?what do u think?
My ex was severely abusive, emotionally verbally and sometimes physically. At the end, I hit back and threw her out of my home and she traumatized me to the breaking point by threatening me with rape, battery, and assault charges. She "forgave" me after she told all my coworkers and my boss that I "beat the shit out of her and raped her." In her mind public opinion is as good as the truth, and she completely won in that case (always telling me to keep our relationship problems between us, while telling others a completely one-sided manipulative  version of events.)She feels satisfied that she suitably punished me for whatever wrongs she thought I committed in her mind. But the balance is so far off, and her inability to admit her own wrongdoing is so egregious, that it fills me with a lot of dark emotions that I am having trouble letting go of.I truly believe that she should be in jail for how she treated me, I am enraged that my reputation has been slandered, terrified that I almost lost my life and went to prison out of her sheer spitefulness, and feel horribly guilty that I was also pushed into becoming violent myself.I don't think I can ever get justice or revenge. I forgave her so many times for her abusive behavior, pulling a knife on me, etc. and to be shown such cruelty when I finally cracked has made me withdraw my own forgiveness for that past behavior. I constantly fear that the littlest thing or accident will end up with me in prison. I have panic attacks when I see people being playfully violent with each other. What am I supposed to do?
My friend from middle school just called me today to catch up since we go to different high schools. Her parents are divorced and they're both really hard on her and extremely strict. She gets her phone take away all the time for stupid reasons and basically has no social life outside of school. The strictness has caused her to make stupid mistakes occasionally. She told me when she called that her dad is in Hawaii right now with her stepmom and she's trying to move permanently out of his house instead of having shared time with both parents. She said he's never gone too far but he hits her and pulls her hair and stuff when he yells at her. It's only minor abuse but I think it could get worse. Plus, any abuse is too much abuse and is unacceptable. I don't know if she told her mom, I don't think she did. She doesn't want to make a big deal out of it and even though she wants to move out she doesn't take well to criticism of her parents. They're both horrible people and her mom is only slightly better than her dad just because she doesn't hit her. I'm wondering if I should say anything to my parents or someone if I know this is going on and I don't know if she's going to go through with doing anything about it. We almost never get to talk because she usually has her phone and everything taken away.
My mother used to touch my penis and squeeze it, ever since I was 5 to about 12. I allowed her to do it, and everyone in the family knows about it. Is this normal?She's really loving and I love her, but I'm afraid this might have had an effect on who I am right now. It wasn't traumatising or anything. I don't have PTSD, although I do have some problems with girls and I hate being a guy.

I'm 15 and male. It was a year or so before I kissed a girl by katy perry came out that this took place and you'll understand why I know this later. I have a friend. He's my bestfriend, and always has been. He was a sort of manipulator to me and that's slowly come to a stop. When we were younger I used to go around his house and we would play games go to imaginary worlds and stuff like that, we both had very vivid imaginations so we did this a lot and really got into it. One day he answered the phone that was implanted in his little finger and told me that a doctor was on the other end, he said that we had to do sexual things or we would have our houses burned down and we would be given a terrible disease. So I did what I was told. First we kissed, then made out, then touched each other, gave eachother blow jobs and then did a bit of anal. I remember not really wanting to do any of it but I did it any way. The situation was repeated over and over again and I continued to conform. Years later he came out as being gay and I'm left with a sexual addiction and many other mental issues including substance addiction, love addiction, depression and anxiety. But I'm still his friend, I need his approval but I love to watch him get taken down a step or two. I only just realised that this is and was an abusive realtionship. I don't want to tell my psychiatrist about it though, becuase hw'll have to tell my mum and I don't want her to find out...

I'm sorta new to Reddit (well, been browsing for months but just recently made an account) so I'm sorry if this is in the wrong subreddit but I think it relates to my story. Anyways...I'm a 16 year old girl from the US. My parents are amazing, the best ever. Same goes with my three older brothers. My mother has fibromyalgia since I was 1 so she is on disability. About 90% of the time she is supportive and treats me as her best friend because I'm the only daughter and the baby of the family. But the other 10% of the time, when the fibro is getting to her or she is on a new meds, she yells and treats me worse than a sack of dog shit. It's not a physical abuse, but just very hurtful form of mental mind games that just tears you to pieces. She then makes fun of me for crying. All three of my brothers went through the torture in going through. I attached two photos I written in my iPhone a few months ago after an argument. I don't know if both photos will be posted as I'm typing this on my iPhone. Does any body else have the same problems with their mother/father?


Throw away because, well yeah.I was bullied a lot as a child by peers; I was the ugly kid, and by the time I was out of elementary school my self-esteem was almost non-existant and never recovered. I was abused by my father my entire life, up until I moved out almost two years ago at 20. It was way worse when I was younger, tapered off as I got older but was still prevalent. Things like food deprivation, verbal and physical abuse, mind games, bullying, etc. Even though my mom knew these things were happening she did very little to stop them. I was also sexually abused by a cousin from when I was very young, probably around five until I was twelve. I only started to confront this a few years ago, and all of it combined has slowly been wearing away at me. Sometimes I have extreme difficulty in letting myself be touched, and sometimes certain phrases or actions will trigger a bout of depression. It hits very suddenly, and all I can do is lay or sit down and cry. It feels almost like a panic attack, and even though they're usually weeks apart, each episode has been getting worse and worse. I can stay in this funk for hours at a time, the most recent one lasted an entire night, and it's scary and exhausting. I feel all of those 'red flag' signs like shame and embarrassment, and my dad has my self image so skewed that I often feel like I deserved everything that happened to me. My boyfriend knows about the barest of details, but we haven't talked about it since I first brought it up a few years ago. I'm scared that he wouldn't want to deal with it if I bring it up, and have an inability to let him know what's wrong when I'm upset or can't stop crying. I can tell it frustrates him, but that little voice always tells me to not say anything. I feel very alone.I have been wanting to start therapy, and found a therapist I want to go see. But on her website it says she suggests not using your insurance carrier to pay for sessions. I am a college student and cannot afford to pay for therapy out of pocket. But if I use the insurance, they will only pay for sessions if I am diagnosed with a medical condition, which she would have to prove by providing all sorts of information including therapy notes. I am so not willing for strangers to know everything or for my mom to have access to all of it (I'm under her insurance), so I feel like I'm back at square one. I can't find any support groups or low cost counseling in my area. I feel like I need this but have no where to go. I have no idea what to do.

I'm sorry, I'll try and not let this get too long. I grew up in a fractured home. I lived with two older brothers and my parents. I was chubby as a kid (and looking at pics, it really was just a little chub. I was not fat until highschool) and my brothers would bully me endlessly as well as my peers. My brothers would also hit me (I am a girl) at times even giving me black eyes and my parents did nothing. I also remember in the third grade my teacher sent home a parent questionnaire with questions like "What motivates your child?" "How do you reward your child?" My father had written in "food" for each answer. In high school, things only got worse. I became clinically depressed. My father had also begun physically abusing me. I stopped asking for help because nothing happened. Once when I was in the hospital they said they were calling child services. We never heard from them. After my father choked me I called the cops. They actually told me if anyone was going to jail it would be me because he had scratch marks on his arm and they saw no marks on me. The scratch marks were from me trying to get him off of me. No teachers at school ever questioned me. When I was 16 my father left in the morning after my mom went to work. None of us had ANY warning and I was sleeping in my room when he left. This permanently fractured my remaining relationship with my mother because she never believed that I slept through him moving since he took furniture and large items with him. She actually accused me of helping him move. I really did sleep through it all and nobody believed me. This left me with abandonment issues that I still struggle with. A few years after this my mother died and I moved out on my own. I was feeling very scared and vulnerable. I had been talking to an older man online (13 years older) for a few years (I was 19 at this time) and he seemed like a great guy. I invited him to live with me and things were great for a few months. Quickly though, he started to drink heavily (it started with just a few beers and by the end was everclear straight from the bottle) and he started to show signs of violence. He would yell and throw things. For example, when I got home from work if I did not want to eat the meal he cooked because I was full he would scream and throw the plates around. After a few months of this behavior he began to hit me. It started with slapping, then escalated to hitting me with a belt and the worst was when he beat me with the marble base of a bowling trophy. Throughout this time we moved a couple times because we kept getting evicted. He couldn't hold down a job and stole our rent/bills/grocery money for liquor all the time. My brothers continued to be horrible. I had gained weight and was now bigger than I had ever been. I was treated horribly and told I was worthless and no good (from my brothers). From my ex he would call me disgusting and tell me I was lucky to have him because nobody else could ever want me. Well, of course I believed all of this. He went to prison for an alcohol related charge and while he was gone, with the help of a wonderful person, I worked two jobs to save enough money to move. I moved across country and in all respects I am doing well. It's been five years now. I am in my last year of undergrad and my grades are excellent. I have a wonderful fiance who is the most kindest most gentle man ever. We just bought our first home, a mobile home, and we are trying for a baby. However, I just can't be happy. I had initially lost a lot of weight, but I have since gained it back so I am as heavy as I was at my peak. This makes me feel awful and just think of all the things people told me, that I was disgusting and so on. It also makes me feel like I am not in control of my body. In some ways I feel like my ex is still in control because of my weight. Remember, I had gained the weight initially because he basically forced me to eat. He even told me at one point he was making me gain weight so that I couldn't leave him. This makes me feel awful and I desperately want to lose weight, but it has been a hard struggle and I have not been successful yet. So in short, I feel like my fiance can't actually love me because fat people aren't worth loving. Not to mention I feel that if my own father could abandon me at the age of 16 then there is no reason my fiance could not as well. I worry my fiance doesn't actually love me and only THINKS that he does, because I must be disgusting and unworthy and all that. This is the most I have ever talked about this. I can't open up and talk about this without feeling immense shame. There is a lot I am leaving out of this post, but I think this is all the main points. I have tried to go to counseling but I just can't talk about it and so it is not effective. All I want is to be able to feel secure and happy in the love of my fiance.  Basically, I saw I can't accept that I was abused because part of me still thinks I must have deserved all of it. I also live in denial. I never think of myself as an abuse victim or survivor, and when I think about it I just try and push it away. I'm not sure what to do, or where to go from here to be able to move past it. I know this might make me sound awful, but a lot of times I wish my ex was just dead so that I could move on. 
I have a sibling who was in several extreme abusive relationships in her late teen early adulthood who is now older and several years married.  Much to everyone's horror it has now come to light she has been abusive in the marriage and it only came out because things came to a head.  Until now she was apparently blind to her (emotional) abuse, with only one or two more physical instances.  Support is here now that it is in the open, and she is openly repentant and in councilling, getting a patch eval at my request, and he will be in living apart for a time.  A few questions : are there any subreddits or boards etc specifically for abusers trying to change/modify/fix their behaviour?  How about for the other side ; those trying to regain some level of trust/healing.  Anything you could suggest for either side in this situation, I am doing everything possible to let them take a break and have some time to heal without immediately ripping apart their home and uprooting the kids. 
TL:DR:mother has severe issues making my life a living hell.My mother as of the last 9 months has been on an extreme decline, I am not sure what to do anymore. she's at a point where whatever thought she thinks of becomes the truth of whatever is going on at the time. Around June I fixed her computer after a thunderstorm, give a take a week or two i was called home by a brother that lives in the other half of the state saying that she was calling the police. When i got home i was greeted by 3 police officers and her, She claimed i was a drug dealer, a alcoholic  , Stole her glasses and broke her cell phone. the problem with all of that. is not a damn bit of it was true. I left the house that day and pretty much though things would straighten itself out. Was I ever wrong. What happened next was I was called by the local PD  saying if i went home i would be arrested for trespassing. And getting calls from her saying all kinds of things. Also dept of elderly affairs was calling me asking what was going on to get my half of the story. from that point I pretty much tried to talk things out with my mother and to which she accused me of taking her family and her dead sister away.  I got so upset at the situation i left and went to a friends house to regroup my thoughts.  There things only got worse. She kept calling and claimed i was breaking into the house and other things . A further call from the police dept gained No real traction on where things are .  I've tried calling her doctors and not a damn one of them will listen or they have listened and will not act. Its been two months of a constant hell i'd want no person to endure, since no calls to any state or local entity seems to bring any help. I"ve just wanted to be left alone by her and i've clearly stated that , even changed my number and she changed her tactics to calling everyone i know , posting all over facebook , trying to get a lynch mob on facebook going , going to my friends Families houses and getting them upset. I dont know what to do any more. Since none of the local entities seem to be working and restraining orders are very weak in terms of adapting with technology . Even if i get a restraining order It leaves me in a place where my friends and other family still get problems and also even to a point where my friends may loose their place to live because my mother showed up on there property . I am at a loss.  Currently mostly homeless due to this , and have been rebuilding my life while bearing the brunt of this storm to which i dont know how much longer i can take it. has anyone had an alike situation that could point out help ?
Throwaway account because people know my real username. My parents have been divorced since I was 5. I have a dog and younger sibling whos 15. I'm 17 yr old male. My mother and I have been fighting for years and it's getting out of control. I can see we both have extreme anger management problems, but she refuses to admit it. I go to therapy for my chronic depression. She does not. I tell her to seek someone but she thinks shes an angel. She's the dictionary definition of a hypocrite. She says I can't handle criticism (I can't) but she can never accept responsibility for her own actions. 95% of all fights we have had she started but raising her voice or throwing things. We had a fight about 15 minutes ago. It started by her raising her voice and throwing a piece of wooden furniture on the floor. And it escalated to me going hulk and throwing everything. I'm a pretty peaceful and calm guy. I don't like getting in fights with anyone including peers. But when she refuses to calm down after I ask her to I reach a point of no return. I can't be fixed until she's fixed because I'm stuck living with her. She is a very stressful person and because of it she becomes ill a lot and puts her stress on other members of the family by yelling and screaming. My dog was so scared in this last fight he was crawled up in the corner literally shaking I wanted to cry because we scared him so much. Even 5 minutes after she started the fight she continually said I started it. My grades in school have been poor in the past thanks to my self-sabotage problem mixed with multiple fights between both parents and a fight with my dad that resulted in us not talking for 8 months. During that time I lied a lot about my homework and grades to her and she uses it as an excuse to suspect me of not doing the work I've been doing now. Like I said, this has been going on for years, probably since 6th grade. I'm in 12th grade now. The constant fighting added with my chronic depression has brought suicidal thoughts and terrible attempts at killing myself. No one knows that I've tried. Not even my therapist. I feel like everyone would think I was crazy if they found out. I just can't stand it anymore, but I'm too scared of death to actually pull it off. My friends know how fucked up my life is because they constantly have to pick me up from home so I can stay at their place for a night or two. We've called each other every name in the book. But I have never hit her. I live in a very wealthy area in CA, USA and am grateful for what I have been given. But I would give every penny away if I could live a screaming-less and non-suicidal life. My dad wants no part of my mother and my fights anymore. He just tells her if things get out of control to call the cops and let them take me. I've taken anti-depressants many times but they're never strong enough, not with whats going on. Its affected my personality, I've grown to be a very serious person around my friends and because of it they can see how fucked up I am. Now I like going to school because at least there I don't have to deal with her. She says "what did I do to deserve a son like this?" I'm not saying it's her fault. I take a lot of blame for what's been going on. But it's extremely hard for me to keep myself calm when shes screaming at me like a military drill instructor. Sometimes I feel like there's something wrong with me. Maybe I'm crazy and I don't see it. I don't know. I just don't know who to turn to. I need help. I can't take it anymore and I'm afraid if it goes on any longer it could get worse or could result in more suicidal attempts or thoughts. If you want to know how I tried and failed when I was 14 or 15 I tried choking myself out with a belt. I don't have any weapons other than a knife for protection but I don't want to cut myself up like that. I just want to go to college already and start a new life. She tells me if I end up in a junior college I'll be going nowhere with my life. I've wanted to be a lawyer for some time now, as I'm great at public speaking, debating, etc. I've been trying to involve myself in school activities so I can be at home as little as possible. Sometimes I wonder what I could do if I just left and lived somewhere else and found some minimum wage job. I'd probably never feel financially secure but I feel like I would at least be happier. I have no one to talk to because I'm afraid they'll think I'm some lunatic. I'm only talking to you all because none of you know me. Yet I've told you more than anyone I've ever met. I don't even know of this is the right subreddit to post this in. Whatever. 
My Aunt is in her mid 40's and my Grandma is in her mid 80's. My Aunt has lived with my Grandma off and on throughout the years, rent free, lease free, just bumming around. She doesn't even have a job at this point and blames it on her health. My Aunt has always had some kind of mental problem, but she's never been diagnosed as far as I know. She is "normal" for 3/4 of the time but every once in a while, she'll snap, as she is tonight. She screams profanities at the TV and my Grandma, threatens to sue me and my mother, hides items from my grandma in her own house, she has physically abused her by forcing her to stay sitting (my grandma cant walk/stand well so she couldnt get up) and thrown small stuff at her, but nothing that leaves a bruise (obviously still abuse). Its becoming more and more frequent and we're about through with it. However all of her stuff is here and we're not even sure what we can do legally. If Reddit can help it'd be great. If more details are needed I will provide. Just want some initial advice. 
KinkAbuse.com posts articles to identify abusive situations primarily for kinky people and folk in the Leather Lifestyle. However information on the pages helps identify warning signs about predatory behavior, avoiding cults situations and more. Some pages share accounts that may trigger flashbacks for people who have been in similar situations. 
I have a friend, F(21) who lives in, or around, Jacksonville Florida. I, M(25) live in Canada and have been friends with this girl for a short time but feel like I may be the only person willing to, or capable, of helping her escape her prison palace to get on with her life. I will try and keep the post short, cause a long post? "Ain't nobody got time fo dat!"  Firstly this abuse is mostly mental/emotional, but is sometimes physical. I suggested that, after discussing with her about options to try and get out of the situation, she ask reddit for assistance, but she either doesn't trust the internet, or has no idea how to ask for the help, so I am doing it for her.  I have been told that all of her attempts to seek advice or aid have been actively halted by her parents. This generally takes the form of shaming, or guilting with all sorts of statements of how worthless and or selfish she is that last for extended periods of time. Some situations that I have been told about include her attempting to help do dishes, and being yelled at by her mother for scratching a frying pan for an extended period. Or the most absurd to me, asking to visit a doctor (For at least 5 months) to deal with a painful rash, and tooth aches. Requests are either met with deflecting replies, or verbal abuse about her selfishness and worthlessness ect.  I'll also note here that they are quite well off, money wise, and live in a somewhat secluded community. Recently her parents went out and bought several thousand dollars worth of new furniture, and are talking about installing a pool in their backyard. Instead of giving their daughter medical attention, or helping to pay for her to finish her education. (Never finished graduating)  Unfortunetly this girl is so secluded from the rest of the world she needs a car to get to any jobs nearby (about a 30min drive to any businesses) but cant because she has no money, or license because her parents refuse to allow her. A thing they often belittle and complain to her about. Bussing, walking, or riding a bike are also not options because of the distance, and the fact there are no buses in the area. Any activities she was in (such as Dog Agility, Art Classes) she has been removed from. At one point she was even applying for some sort of welfare, which her parents refused to allow her to do.  Finally, she is often turned down from the small options she has been presented with because she has "High Functioning Aspergers". She's mentioned several times where she has been given the chance at a job or class and been turned down due to it (And people having no idea what it actually is) and her mother seems to use it as some sort of means of getting pity from people.  When seeking aid about the abuse and neglect from teachers, psychiatrists, peers and even the police she has been turned away, turned down or brushed aside with people using the aspergers as an excuse, or suggesting it was all in her head and its the aspergers talking. I may not be a doctor, but even I understand how High Functioning Aspergers works.  Anyways, that post was longer than I thought. I want to help her, and even offered her a place to run away too (Living with me) but that is a lot more complicated than her just hopping on a bus and riding up north. So I am asking Reddit to help me by giving me some advice on how to deal with and assist in this situation. Places to go, people to talk to or places to work without a highschool diploma and no means of transportation. TLDR; Friend in the US lives in a mentally and emotional abusive home with her parents, is an adult, and is being actively stopped from moving out or getting on with her life by her neglectful parents and shitty psychiatrists.  
**So, TL;DR: My mother is a bitch.** *Also for reference, I'm a 22 year old female*Oh god, where do I even start? I don't even know what information to give you guys. There's so much, in so many different spheres, in so many different ways. I think I'll start writing. This will be a very long novel. I apologize in advance.I guess all the way at the beginning? So my mother married my biological father to get back at a boyfriend she had. This man would lock her up in a house with no way to get out, and apparently a whole host of other things. I can't even think of all the things right now. I was born premature, with several congenital issues (kidney reflux and an absence of hip joints, among other things.) and was not expected to live. Except I did live. Probably much to my father's dismay.When I was born, and until I was about two he would hit me, apparently. When I was two I was taken away from the home, and put with a foster parent who constantly took me to the doctor and put me on all sorts of drugs that I probably should have never been on. I don't remember any of these things.Around three, my mother regained custody after a long battle in court. We lived in a ridiculously messy house. My parents still live like slobs. In fact, the only reason we ever kept is reasonably clean was the constant warnings of eviction. One time, I went to camp, and she had to clean the house, and nine year old me didn't notice and she flipped because I was an ungrateful brat.My mother kept me mostly in isolation. In the 90s there were constantly threats of abductions, sexual abuse, whatever coming on the news, so Mom decided it would be better to just keep me indoors. Nobody was allowed to come over to the house. I wasn't allowed to go over to friends houses. Which didn't matter because my social and hygine skills were so lacking I didn't have any friends. I didn't understand the actual significance of keeping clean until I was about 15, and I didn't find showers enjoyable until a few years later. Brushing my teeth is still a struggle. When I didn't wash or comb my hair for like, six months (serioiusly...) Mom just screamed at me about what a dirty little shit I was, instead of trying to explain to me why all this was important. I'm not sure my hair was fully clean for any time until I was 18. And even still, I actually enjoy having somewhat dirty hair. (I never go two days without washing, but people always compliment me on second-day hair.) Oh, thinking about hair, Mom never finds anything nice to say about it, no matter what. I love having my hair up in a pony, but apparently I look 12. Hair down? It needs to go up. She still does this.When I was like 10, I had these glasses, and I accidentally sat on them. And then I tried to rebend them, but they broke. And I lied about it. And she threw a pizza past me. Specifically past me. (You will see this is a trend)All through my childhood, she was depressed, this is obvious to me now. However, if I did something wrong, or was in a bad mood (which was like, all the time...) I was always ruining her day. I took too long in the shower? The day is ruined. I accidentally said something crass? Day ruined. She took me to a company event once, and I said an off colour thing by accident, and boy was she mad. I was an awful person and if I didn't change my attitude, I would ruin her week. To this day, I wonder if people can just change their attitude in midair. I've never been able to do it. Once I'm in a mood, I need to take a nap or reset some other way. I can't just go from happy to sad in an instant. She would constantly lie to the school administrators. If she wanted to take me to Disneyland, I was sick. If I slept in, I had some kind of illness but was magically Ok now. As a teacher myself, I'm not sure how my teachers put up with it. But when I lied? Oh hell naw! Total do as I say, not as I do. She would lie to my grandmother (her mother), she would lie to everybody, about everything. I would lie to everybody, about everything, and still do to an extent, but I've gotten way better. In 5th grade, I hit my head on a pair of gym bars. Shortly after this, I started changing. I got depressed myself, I stopped doing work, I started getting angry. I always chalked this up to puberty, but all of this started way too early for puberty.When I was in middle school, I stopped working on schoolwork altogether. There was one incident where she started throwing things at me. My binder, my books (all of them). I finally retreated into the hallway and she threw my clarinet case at me. Except, again, she threw it *past* me. And she was horrified/furious when I said she threw it at me. Oh, no, I'd never throw anything at you! Bullshit. Oh, I missed something. Once when I was in second grade, a bully took my glasses and bent them so that they broke. I think they were probably easily repairable, since he broke them at the ear-hanger-thingy. She had me write a letter of apology to her for breaking my glasses. I still maintain to this day that I didn't break them, the bully broke them. Except it was my fault that they were broken, and I needed to write a letter to her to that effect. When I wasn't getting the letter right, I was wasting paper. I must have written that letter 20 times, before she was so furious that she gave up. I. Did. Not. Break. My. Glasses.There was always random outbursts of screaming, or whatever for like, no reason. I couldn't even list all the times she screamed at me.Obviously, in my teen years things got way worse. And things were progressively my fault. Having never gained basic decision-making skills (because in our family, everything the adult says, goes. Period.) I was always getting yelled at for being indecisive. At 14, I started to abuse myself. Skipping class, cutting, harmful self talk. My self-worth dwindled into nothing. (I'm not sure how much there was to begin with.) I made the horrible mistake of falling in love with my histories teacher. (I have since realized that I just like older guys, in part because of the utter lack of a male figure in my life until that point.) In addition to the shit at school, Mom would call me a sick, deranged person for loving a guy so much. I pretty much stopped talking at that point. I don't remember much about my teen years. There was lots of yelling, lots of self-harming, lots of suicidal thoughts and lots of doubts that I would make it to adulthood on my end. At 14, I attempted suicide for the first time. At 16, I had my first delusional episode. At 18 I had both again.  I went into the hospital at 18. She has never believed (and continues to not to belive) that I have anything wrong with me. Let alone delusions/depression/anxiety. In the hospital, she said that "suicidal people commit suicide, so either commit suicide or stop your bullshit and come home." among other stupid things. When I was a teenager researching mental disorders, she would always scream at me that the psychiatrist had said that I had depression, nothing more, and to stop fucking around. (By the way, that same psychiatrist has now diagnosed me with depression with psychotic features. So there.)When I was in highschool, I once "stole" a ring from my grandmother, because I thought it was pretty. It was up in the closet, nobody would notice. Except she did notice. When mom was punishing me, she squeezed my wrists hard enough for bruises and said "I'm hurting you just enough so you won't do it again, but not enough to actually do damage." *what the fuck*When my admittance to the (crappy) college was withdrawn, I was very passive about it. Oh, that's one thing about me. I just kinda let bad things happen to me, and then deal with them months, or even years later. (like I am with this post) I was in the middle of applying to the local community college, and I said something that pissed her off, and she came over and smacked me across the head very, very hard. Headache for three days hard. Said I was an ungrateful little shit who didn't deserve an education. I can't remember if my Dad was home for that or not. I think he was, I don't remember. Oh, right, so now input the psych hospital thing in here. Sorry. Anyway, I was accused of trying to upstage my mother's wedding. In reality, that whole thing was not a stint, not a "vacation" (I can't hear the word vacation now without raging.) and not an attempt at trying to upstage anybody. I was actually suicidal, and I chose to drive to the hospital instead of driving off of the (many) cliffs in the area. But, you know, "suicidal people actually commit suicide, so you must not be serious about it."There were other little things in college where she would rage at me, and then say I was making her late for work. (wtf) Or where I was making (mental) things up. And then at 20, I became LDS. Holy fucking shit. Dad was saying how I was making Mom suicidal, and how I was destroying the family, and I was a home-wrecker, I was a heathen, I was all sorts of ungodly things. (clarification, this is dad talking to me about what mom said, not dad calling me these things. he was fine with the whole thing.) And then a few months later, when Grammie had a TIA, yup, my fault, for causing her so much stress. That's pretty much current now. I haven't been in the home for the last year or so. **TL;DR 2: There was hitting, verbal abuse, throwing things so that they almost-but-not hit me, there was squeezing for bruises, but not for pain. Those are the big categories. Thankfully, I was not sexually abused.**  (Shady activity by my boyfriends in comments.)










http://istoppedtryingtopleaseyou.blogspot.com/2013/05/ive-forgotten.html










Have you been assaulted in the workplace by a colleague or even by your boss? DON'T suffer in silence Assaulted At Work are specialist assault and accident solicitors that work against violence in the workplace. Physical and verbal abuse in the workplace is not something to be taken lightly and we are here to help!





I am a male in my early 20s dealing with memories of child abuse. When I was 7 my mother left my father after finding him in bed with a man. (I just found this out recently.) After a year or so my father's Latino Catholic fiance moved in with myself and my two younger siblings. We went through many horrible acts that ranged from physical to emotional.I received the brunt of the pain for being the oldest and the troublemaker. She would hit with fists or wooden planks or wire to get her point across. Once I when i was 12 she dropped me off in the worst part of town in the early winter with 3 garbage bags containing all of my possessions and told me to knock on doors and ask for a place to live. She came back after a hour.While my father took out a second morgage to put her through school to be a nurse she threatened to inject me with water as her test subject. I told my father whom most complaints fell on deaf ears and he put a stop to it. She was unaware of the side effects I presume. She made my sibling eat rodent shit for lying about something minor. She made me eat about 30 dollars in small bills for stealing. She pitted sibling versus sibling for her favor. When in grade school she called my out of my classroom and slapped me for wearing a stupid t shirt with flames that i snuck in that was meant for special occasions. This resulted in DCFS coming to the house and I pleaded the Case Specialist but my step-mom convinced my young siblings to lie. Later on they came again and the same happened but my father lied as well.My step-mom and father convinced us that our mother didn't like us at all and cheated on my father and all in all worthless. This wasn't true but we didn't know any better. My step-mom actually slapped my mother for attempting to visit. She convinced my 6 year old sister that my mother was dead and she thought she was for a few years. She caught me masturbating when I was 13 and made fun of the length of my penis (is average but besides the point) and its likely inability to please and she got confrontational while i was now dressed and i found myself in the wrong end of a bear hug so I stomped on her foot which broke it.I had never hit a woman before or after this. I was put in a child's mental care ward for 2 weeks for this. For the next few years i was heavily medicated with different anti depressants and attended counselling. I was diagnosed with Depression which does run in the family but I am not certain if I truly have it. I was a confused Catholic at the time but am now atheist.  when i was in high school my father finally kicked her out. He had poured thousands into her education and with 2 large loans he owed much more than the home was worth. He had to declare bankruptcy and shacked up with a different woman whom he married a few years ago. The siblings and I moved in with my mother who came back in town.I had one half hearted attempt at suicide but backed down when I was a freshman in HS. I do not take any meds but I am considering getting back on pills. The last time I was on them I gained 100 pounds. I nearly getting in big legal trouble for being a hooligan I moved from my mothers and now live with my SO. I have had a few cracks at college and couldn't focus and had to drop.I am not at all confrontational.I have a problem with the concept of "Living well is the best revenge is difficult" since my abuser seems to be living consequence free. So it goes.My SO has suggested in the past that i speak to her so i can get closure. I came across an article and my former step mom is working on her doctoral and works with recruiting middle school and high school kids to get into nursing.I feel like I have to contact someone because of her past with children but I can't see anyway to do anything.TLDR I was physically and emotionally abused as a child and my abuser now works with kids. What do i do?


It happens. I'm so upset by the fact that society treats this like its a good thing for the victum, I'm a 16 year old male and abuse can still happen at this age, I'm willing and ready to answer any questions anyone may have on the situation, its best to get everything out so it may be able to stop future abuse
So my GF is saying that her mother is injuring her for disobeying her. She isn't getting too ruffed up, as it isn't viable from what i see, but i personally think that any injury to any child from anyone is NOT OK, and i wish to help her. SHer mothers excuses, are that the bible OK's her to give corporal punishment for disobeying her parent, but i think htat that's a load of shit and wouldnt hold in any court anyway... She doesn't want to tear her family apart, as there is no one for her and her siblings to go to if they;re separated from her parents, and that's IF the system keeps them together... please help me to know what to do!

Like the title says, I know a minor who is being abused by their parent, but won't act out because it is "ok" and also because the family is 100% dependent on this parent. I want to help and get this person to stop abusing their child because I have seen the bruises and they are bad. This person is also somewhat psychologically abusive in the fact that they won't let anyone in the family leave or enter the house unless they decide to (the abusive parent) and is "controlling" their child's future via threats and such.I also realize that having the abuser lose his/her job would be very detrimental and so I'm coming to you guys for help solving this. Thank you in advance for your help. Abuse is a horrible, horrible thing.



I was at home today and my mom had gone out and when she came back I opened the door late, since I was showering. The moment she enters the house she starts yelling and hurling abuses at me calling me an ugly bitch. It's always been this way with her, she would beat me up when I was younger. As I grew older, I started to stand up for myself and yelled at her when she would hurt me. Most of the times she calls me an ugly ass bitch and it hurts like hell to hear that from your own mother. With my dad there was an occasion when he came to stab my bro with a sword. I have become a recluse with no self esteem and don't wanna have any kind of family in future. I feel the need to be alone always. On the outside everyone thinks they are great parents and my parents try to apologize after these incidences. 

In some of my other posts I have mentioned that I volunteer with Guardian Ad Litem, a non-profit organization the trains volunteers to ask as volunteer social workers (in a sense). Basically, once you take the oath they offer training to help you handle case-by-case situations of child abuse and neglect. Each Ad Litem runs a seperate circuit in multiple cities all throughout the United States. I won't bullshit any of you, it is difficult, especially if you suffered abuse like I did. I have been doing it a little over three years now and I can say it is absolutely worth it. If any of you want to give back to abused kids and be in a position to help them than I would suggest looking up your local circuit. I will, of course, answer any questions anyone has to the best of my ability. Thanks for reading. 

I know that does sound a little blunt since their is many different forms of abuse ect but something general may help me out, thanks. 

I know its kinda not in too much detail but I would just like to know how to tell if a program is manipulating me for eithher benifit or control. I did post a similar question on the psychology colum for more detail but I really need help with this. I am unsure if I am being brainwashed or not by these people and I can be really screwed over. 

When I was about 6, I use to read a lot, infact I was very advanced for my age. Later on I was reading a political philosophy book. I just scammed through the letters, nothing important. Then later on my dad threw the book over my head or beated me up, just because he did not want to feel inferior over his intellgence. I knew about this issue before hand but when I actually read something a little over a paragraph I feel like he is about to beat me up. This is effecting me in daily life now and I don't really know what to do about this. I can see a psychologist but I am in a tight financial situation right now. Is there any advice out of seeing a doctor about this issue. Oh and if you think I may have PTSD, I probably do. 
I met a girl online. She works 2 miles from me. I've hung out with her in person a couple of times. She lives with a guy who she shares a room with, and his parents. The guy has a history of abuse, and is controlling and manipulative. They aren't in a dating type relationship, but a relationship of some kind nonetheless where they share a room inside his parents home and he drives her to work.At the end of October she's been planning to move to Minnesota with friends because she can't stand living with this guy and his parents. She put in her two week notice at work a few days ago, and was telling the parents today about it. Apparently the guy overheard, and started fighting with her and hit her in the face. She told me over Skype he hit her in the face and it looked like she was estatic or he was messing her up on the keyboard, and then after that stopped messaging. 20 minutes later , as I'm typing this, she just messaged me and said it wasn't that hard, probably wont leave a bruise but abuse is abuse. He's apparently doing everything he can right now to torment her, and he's also refusing to drive her to work now.I wish I could harbor her myself, but I rent a room in a house so it's not up to me if she can stay here or not. She lives 9 miles from me, I don't know her home address, I only know where she works. I'm not even sure what I'm doing here, this is really complicated, especially for her and her living conditions. I'm not sure if I'm asking for advice or just venting what's going through my head.

I'm not sure if this is the right subreddit for this.  I finally looked it up today to see if there was really any information about this out there... there's not much, but there's some.  This is hard to talk about, as it's something I've always tried to dismiss as "not really being molested" because the abuser was the same age as me.  When I was about six, my sister and I were coerced into participating in sex acts by my male cousin.  He would touch us, inspect our privates, and even performed oral sex on my sister (who is one year older).  He'd threaten us to get us to agree to it, saying he'd tell our mom we swore or something, and his sister would guard the door.  If we were playing other games, he would try to turn them perverted.  He tried to get me to "have sex" by rolling around naked with him, but I refused.  I don't know how he even KNEW about this stuff--I read that sometimes children who abuse other children have been abused by adults, and this makes me really concerned for my cousin, who has also grown up with anxiety and substance abuse problems.  I know that this isn't the same as an adult abusing a child.  I can't blame him so easily.  I know my cousin didn't KNOW any better.  I know he may have been a victim himself, or at the very least was exposed to some very confusing sexual content at a young age and didn't know what to do with that information.  All the same, I've never been able to trust him, and I've never really been able to open up to anyone about this.  The only people I've ever told this story to were my parents when I was about 9 or 10, who never reacted to it, and the two boyfriends I have had in my life.  I talked about it once with my sister a few years ago, and we mostly laughed about it, though I wasn't really comfortable laughing it off.  I don't think it has hugely affected my life, though I think it made me very ashamed of any sexual desires I had for a long time. I feel like if I talk about how this affected me, people will think it's stupid and ridiculous that I've been traumatized by the actions of a mere child, or worse, that people who were victimized by adults will be offended that I'd even compare my experiences to theirs.  I hope that's not the case.  My first boyfriend laughed at me for taking the whole thing so seriously.  The only person to give me any validation about it was my second boyfriend, who thanked me for trusting him with that information and said he was sorry that this had happened to me. Though I don't think about it that much anymore, and though I have forgiven my cousin and myself and everyone else involved, I still feel kind of sick when I think about it.  I used to feel sick to my stomach thinking about it, but I guess I've grown a lot in the past few years and I got over a lot of things from childhood.  Is it weird that I let this get to me?  

I'm going to put this up here, simply because I need to get it out. After much reading, introspection, and a conversation with a close friend (without letting any details out), I understand that males have a harder time admitting they were raped than most other populations.  When I was young (not sure exactly how old, probably 8-10) I lived in a "safe" neighborhood.  My parents knew all the other parents on the block, and trusted everybody.  I don't blame them for what happened to us, they both grew up in very small towns and statistically it's unlikely that they would have experienced this.  Two older boys from up the street (maybe 16 and 18) used to take us to the forest across the street to play.  It was innocent for a period of time (again, I'm really not certain how long), but eventually it turned nasty.  One day when it was just me and them, they showed me a porn mag.  There must have been something there that I liked, and they taught me how to masturbate (even though I was still prepubescent, I clearly remember a dry ejaculation in front of them).  The next time one of them sucked me off while showing me a porn.  This went on for some time, then my sister came into the bush with us once.  They pulled her pants down and performed cunnilingus while forcing her to perform on the other.  The next time they had her perform on me. The time after that, me on her.  This escalated until they forced me to penetrate her.  After that, this happened every time until they just disappeared.  I tried, once, to talk about this with my sister and she shut me out. We haven't spoken about it since, and have a tenuous relationship at best.  Her ex-husband and I have spoken about it once, but being that he's an ex, and that he was also her coke dealer (didn't know that then; she's clean now), he isn't any use to the situation.  I have no idea who the boys were, and am deathly afraid of asking my Dad (my mom has been dead for years) for fear of what this will do to our family, and what I would do to them if I found out there identities.  If anybody wants to chip in advice, I'll listen. If anybody knows of a good counseling program in western canada for situations like mine, please recommend below - I need help to overcome this shit. This is a throwaway, and I know my dad/sister aren't redditors, so if you think a cross post will help me find advice/counseling, please feel free.

TL;DR: Not sure if I am being psychologically abused, or I'm just a bad person, or I'm crazy. Background: He's 22, a senior at a university, with a degree in psychology coming in two weeks when he graduates. I'm 18, I moved into this city a week before my birthday, knowing the person I moved in with and no one else. He let me move in with him after I had no place to go, long story. Fast forward five months, we're still together... I was reading online the characteristics of an emotionally/psychologically abusive relationship, and my boyfriend matches up to a lot of them. It kinda freaked me out, but I'm not sure he's actually being abusive. I think it's my fault when he's mean to me, most of the time, anyway. And what if he feels like I'm emotionally abusing him because of my depression? He's such a nice guy, over all. The part that scares me more is he said he's scared he's accidentally psychologically abusing me. He did come from a background of psychologically abusive parents and that makes him far more likely to become abusive himself. I've noticed my depression deepens when he's in a mood, and I feel helpless, like I'm walking on eggshells and I don't know what to do. Other times, I feel happier, but the depression is there in the background. My self esteem, already low when I met him, is now nonexistent, my self confidence and self worth are gone, although my boyfriend wants me to have higher self confidence, worth, and self esteem. He tells me so, and is angry when I don't. He told me I was bad in bed, that I wasn't sexy or sexually stimulating, that his sex toy is better than me... I cried for hours, and couldn't sleep until past eight in the morning. He said I was being very dramtic for the part he was there for and seemed angry that he had to be dealing with my emotions... Like they were invalid. It appears that a lot of my self worth is tied into my sexual ability, unfortunately. But now when he touches me it makes me wonder if he's only doing it because he got so intoxicated that he didn't care that I'm not good, or that he's not happy with my boob size, or if it's because he doesn't want to wait until I leave, because he's too horny, so he can use his sex toy and see women he actually finds sexy... And I don't enjoy it as much at all anymore because it's hard to stop wondering if he even likes it, because before and after he said that he was acting like he really enjoyed having sex with me but I guess he was faking it. And it's hard to stop focusing on the body parts he told me he doesn't like very much, and that he'd rather be with someone else. The next morning, he apologized, and said he shouldn't have said I was bad, I'm not "that bad". Which means I am and he didn't want to deal with my shit and he felt bad he made me sad. Now I feel so inadequate, so worthless.. I'm not enough in any respect. Not smart enough, enough of the time, not mature enough, not caring enough, not girly enough, not sexy/stimulating enough, not even good in bed. And I try and fail. All the time. It's fucking with my head and I need to do better. He's asked me why he would want to be with me, he's said he wonders if he's made a mistake, and that there's no benefit to me. I don't want to talk about this stuff to him because part of me is scared he will agree I'm worthless again and leave me, and I should just work harder to make him happy. Then he wouldn't be mean anymore and he wouldn't want to leave me. But that thought is stupid and immature, I need to discuss it with him so we can either work it out or end it, but I'm so scared it will end if I do and I love him so much and if I was just better maybe he would feel the same... Other times it seems like he really wants to be with me, we have fun, we laugh and play, and I am so happy. He's my best friend... He's my only friend, really in this city.. I just recently moved here. But then he'll get all pissed and say I haven't been good at all or not good enough and could have, should have done more. And I already know I'm not good or normal. Another reason I don't want to bring it up is I don't want him to feel bad, or think I'm blaming him or whatever, because I feel like it's my fault. If I didn't make him angry, he wouldn't hurt me. And I know it sounds like a victim statement, but I think it's true. Besides my boyfriend is so sweet, loving, caring, funny, and awesome when it's good and I'm not messing up.. He wouldn't hurt me unless it was an accident or I deserved it. He says positive stuff as well, he's a pretty awesome guy and I love him a lot, and I need to be a better person... I think our relationship would work a lot better when we're equal in that respect. But I can't see why he's with me if he really thinks that poorly of me. Is it pity? Is it love? He said he wasn't madly in love with me, but I think he loves me in a way, he tells me he loves me, and plus he wouldn't have me around anymore if he didn't.. Right? Does he mean the negatives more than the positives? Because they often contradict each other. So, I'm very confused on where he stands, but I don't know if it's because of his mixed messages, my low self esteem, or what... And I need to work up the balls to tell him everything.. But I don't want him to get mad or upset or mean because I say it wrong or my thought process is skewed or something. Soon I will because all this walking on eggshells at times, feeling worthless, and confused is probably pretty bad for both of our mental health. Also, I'm probably just hypersensitive because of my past childhood abuse, so it's made me scared and paranoid.Edit: He's said I was sexy and pretty and I made him really horny, but his dick was between my legs when he said it (over the underwear) and he wanted pussy so I'm not sure if he meant that or not... and he is really pushy about sex. Pretty much when he wants sex he'll get it unless I get angry or something which I couldn't do so he just gets it every time even when I say no because he knows if he pushes a little bit harder he'll get it...
Dear reader, I have a brother named Tony who since my siblings and I were younger have abused us, and sexual molested my younger brother, who is currently 9. This molestation started at a very early age. He would force him into a cage and make him do sexual favours, often stripping him and touching him inappropriately. Tony has a very short temper, and I suspect he may have a temper problem. When he would get mad at us he would spit at us and even physically abuse us. This includes pushing us into objects, choking us, and grabbing, and many other forms, often bruising us severely. He knows we are defenseless. In this report I’d also like to talk about my parents involvement in this. They often do close to NOTHING to help stop this, even encouraging the behavior at times. Not only has he sexually abused my brother, a MINOR, he has also mentally and physically abused all of us. I’m not sure how to report this, since I doubt anyone will believe us. What should I do? EDIT: We have tried fighting back but the age difference between us and him are 6 years (me), 9 years (my sister) and 13 years (my brother) Signed, Concerned Sister.


I really should kill myself soon.




It took me a long time to work up to it but it finally happened. I was around 11 when it first started and I"m now 30. I tried telling my mother when I was about 12 or 13 and he was so manipulative he convinced me and my mom I was imagining the whole thing. It was pretty bad but somehow I managed to repress the whole thing until I was about 24 when I entered a relationship and my then bf helped me get into therapy.I tried talking to my mom about it but my step dad convinced me my mom wasn't emotionally stable enough to handle it. So I didn't... Until I got a call from my mom telling me that my stepfather raped sexually assaulted my 22 yearold cousin who was living with them while in school. It was st patrick's day and I know she was drunk because that's what she does and according to multiple sources he was drunk (imho still not a fucking excuse).My mom finally kicked him out after this and i was forced to move in with her because she needed help with rent. My cousin also moved out and we had to get a roommate. This portion of the family no longer talks to us as they blame my mother even though they know nothing about me.This past wednesday I came out with it to an aunt who is like a second mother to me. I got a call thursday finding out he raped my now 13 year old cousin... multiple times over the course of a couple of years. Because of this I am now filing a police report so I can stand up with my cousin and not let her go through this alone. Everyone has been telling me not to blame myself... it's not my fault... but how can i not blame myself knowing she would never been hurt if I had just been been stronger and made people listen. I"m hoping this ends up being a cathartic experience but all I feel is pain, hatred and anger. Sorry if this is all over the place and hard to understand but that is my general state of mind at the moment. Thanks for reading to anyone that got this far, I just needed to get this out.
A close friend of mine was in a terribly abusive relationship for quite some time. The guy she was dating was incredibly insecure and jealous and it would appear in some of the most volatile ways (including but not limited to physical abuse, verbal abuse, harassment, reading her emails, threatening her friends for talking to her, physically restraining her, taking her across state lines without her permission, etc.).In any event, it was an awful relationship and she (having certain emotional issues of her own) let it go on for way too long to the point where they were planning on moving in together. She finally gathered the courage to tell him that things were not working out and he kicked her out of the apartment abruptly.She managed to rely on friends and eventually get a place of her own all the while getting harassed by this guy (constant phone calls, emails, going to her parents' house unexpectedly, crashing at said house for weeks at a time). It was also at this time that I met him face to face. Being a close friend of hers, I invited her to take a road trip with me from my hometown of Chicago to Houston where I currently go to school. He got wind of this plan and traveled four hours to meet me face to face to convince me not to take her on the trip (Mind you, this is after they have broken up and I have no romantic interest in this friend). I am by no means a judgmental person and honestly try to see the best in people and hear all sides of all stories. But after meeting him, I could tell simply by the way he talked about her (using phrases like "breaking her in" and the like) that this guy was no good and was still doing his best to keep her in the relationship.Now that a lot of the context is out of the way; things settled down between them but he still owed her a considerable amount of money that he agreed to pay for the apartment that he kicked her out of and some of her possessions that he destroyed and or sold. She finally got him to settle down enough to pay the money as long as she gave him a receipt. She agreed and gave him a receipt. After which he began to leave without paying. She (not necessarily thinking straight) tried to get him to stay by grabbing his glasses off of his face. I don't know all of the details, but it seems like he gave her the money in exchange for his glasses and left. Twenty minutes later, three squad cars show up and arrest my friend for battery. She was held in jail for a little over a day, where she slept in a holding cell and was not allowed to take any of her daily medications or stick to her vegetarian diet. She was eventually released with no charges, court, or bail because the original battery charges were found to be falsified and the police simply found the whole ordeal too ridiculous. To make an incredibly long story short, I know revenge does not make things right; but this guy and all that he's done to my friend has just infuriated me. I really want him to know how childish he is (Considering he's in his 30s) and how immature he has been and how terrible of a human being he is.I'm not too sure where to have posted this (So I apologize if this is the wrong subreddit) but I figured my friend's story fit the bill and I really needed to get it off my chest.  Maybe eventually, I can use this network to deal with my own issues of abuse...
It is important to remember that most abuse is underreported and it is extremely rare for youth to lie about a sexual assault---- less than 2%. On the otherhand almost all sexual molesters will lie when asked if they committed the crime. The youth was courageous in his speaking out and he and his family should be thanked by all of the community. Until we encourage and support those who are brave enough to speak out about the often shameful and embarassment of being sexually violated we will continue to foster a society that protects and allows sexual assualt and molestation to continue.  Abusers come in all sizes, shapes, ages, health and occupations....don't be fooled into thinking someone over a certain age won't offend.


Absolutly shocked by the allegation, My brother currently has a alchohol problem and I have pestering him about it for a few weeksnow, I called him today and he was in a bar as usual and drunk  - I tried to threaten him about calling the cops and getting him to a clinicand also revealing to our parents that he has been locked up a couple of times for being drunk.  At this point he said that he would tell themI was abusing him as a child at which point I freaked out at him for bullshitting and got really angry - he as adamant that I did and went down tosaying that I had anal sex with him and that he had not spoke about this and kept quiet about it.  He seemed to really believe it happened and that I didthat on more than one occasion.  I tried to ask him when and where I did this and he says in the shared bedroom, after that he just said he didnt want to talk about it and would keep it quiet.  So Im raging at this point because I cant remember any shit like that going down and I think I would, I hate that I am doubting my memory and thinkingsomehow that I have repressed my own memory. I feel hes just trying to up the ante in the game and threatening me with something so that I would stop hassling him about his drink problem,  I know my brother has issues and I know that I should discount what hes saying but What if I did do something?What if I didnt do something  - but someone else did - and his memory is of me doing it?How can I help him with his drink issues without him accusing me of this shit?tl;dr : Brother just acccused me of sexually abusing him when we where both children, I dont rememeber anything  - he's adamant it happenedThrowaway account used.
From the age of four up until I was nine-years-old, I was raped by my brother. Every time my parents left the house, he would run up the stairs, force my door open, and pull my pants down. It started with just oral sex but eventually as I got older he started fingering and penetrating me. I never accepted the fact that he was touching me in such a way; I tried talking to my parents, barricading my door, and even fighting back. The more I tried to reach out to someone the worse the rape would get.Eventually when I turned ten, I was able to fight my brother off. I told him I would tell his friends, our parents, and everyone we both knew. At this point of time I was a loud, rebellious child who was not afraid of anyone or anything; essentially after all of the abuse, I had built a defense, a sort of alter-ego, to get me through the rape. One unfortunate day in 2002 I went to tell my parents. My mother was the only one home. I told her directly what my brother was doing. The next second I was on the ground being dragged by my hair to the stairs, fending off kicks and slaps, and screaming at the top of my lungs. It wasn’t until we were halfway up the stairs that my mom dropped me and slapped me a couple of times in the face. All I can remember is her face was bright red with the biggest, darkest eyes I have ever seen staring at me as if I was the most heinous, demonic creature in the world. Eventually my dad came home and my mom slowed down beating me to allow for conversation with my dad. Not a word was muttered as to why I was sobbing and bleeding in the middle of the staircase. After that day my brother never laid a hand of me ever again. Instead my mother would continuously beat me. For any type of look or any muttered word, I was thrown on the ground automatically and beaten until I couldn’t cry or talk anymore. It got to the point where I let my mother win over and over again because I was honestly afraid she was going to kill me. As time passed, I started accepting and expecting my mother’s behaviour. I would come home from school, get kicked around and slapped up a bit and then go to lacrosse practice where I would be all cheery. Sure, you would think I was happy because I wasn’t home but it was because I had developed a front which hid all my true emotions. Anyone who spoke to me or saw me thought I was a happy, well-loved person; I had mastered the art of tricking everyone into believing I was something that I was not.Four years later, I don’t speak to my family. I worked hard in high school to get into a good university with full ride. I’ve had a part-time job since I was sixteen and I have used my earnings to pay all my bills, groceries, and necessities. However, I’ve hit a point where I think my safety or defense wall is working against me. I have the inability to truly express my emotions to anyone close. I can’t be honest about my marks, my friends, or my love life. All that anyone else hears is that I’m doing fairly well – but honestly I’m not. My marks are absolute shit, my friends are detached and careless, and my boyfriend who I’m love think he knows every aspect of me – but really he doesn’t even know the real me because I don’t know the real me.I need to find a way around this wall but I can’t go back to those memories. I can’t face what happened to me let alone tell anyone else; this is why I am here telling you guys – somehow I believe that if I let my secret out then possibly I can grow as a person. The story is brief but I have shut out nearly all of the memories associated with my mother and brother. All I need is a way around my wall of defense, a life without lies and fear of judgment. Help, please.








My parents have been forcing me to do a sport (crew) for the past year.  It all started because my sister was very good at it, and therefore got into a rather good college. My parents seem to think that I waste too much time on the computer, and am not contributing to my future. I spend 2-6 hours a day programming/writing code for websites, I have a 4.3 gpa (all honors/ap classes) and am in top physical conditon. Why should i be forced to do a sport that i particularly do not enjoy? Thoughts on the subject, and maybe any suggestions to alternatives?






This is a throw away, while my main isn't well known, I have made mention of the town I live in and for some ungodly reason, I still feel the need to protect these people.When I was 9, my dad started abusing me sexually.  The first time, he anally raped me.  For awhile after that it was oral sex.  This is how I got herpes.  He had a cold sore, and at 10, I contracted herpes.  This of course happened right before my first period started (and it wasn't light like a normal first period).  The doctors at the hospital kept asking me if I had ever been abused, and I said no.  My dad had already prepped me for this.  That if I said yes, they would take me away and put me somewhere where they would really hurt me.  So I kept saying no, to everyone.  He had already told me that if I ever told my mom she would hate me.When I was in the sixth grade, I got to go on a trip with him.  On the trip, I lost my virginity.  He put a pillow over my face because I was making too much noise.  Afterwards he really played up how every father and daughter did this, and if they weren't, they wanted to, and how my mom would hate me, seriously hate me if I ever told her.  Around this time, my mom was getting more physically and emotionally abusive towards me, so I didn't want to piss her off anymore.  Not to mention, my dad owned guns and I was scared he would kill me.  He often told us kids how he could hide a body and no one would ever know.So this goes on for years, he would come into my room, and do his business.  I remember shutting my eyes tight and counting to four over and over again (I was into music, so I imagine I was trying to escape there).  I often had my youngest brother sleep in my bed or claimed to have an outbreak to avoid sex with him.  When I turned 15, my parents got in a big fight and thought my dad was never coming home.  I thought to make sure he never comes back, I would tell my mom what was happening.  She never made him leave, and everyone was mad at me - I thought it was worth it because at least it wasn't going to happen anymore.  A week later, my mom woke me up.  She wanted him to wake up to see her and I having sex.  I said no, over and over and over again.  She sent him in to talk to me.  I said no.  But in the end, they won out and I did it.  My mom felt awful afterwards, but dad realized this was pretty much my mom giving consent.  This went on until I was 18.  At one point, I brought it up to my mom while it was still happening, and she told me I must want it to happen because I could stop it at any time.  Over the years, my mom has brought up what a bad mom she is, fishing for me to disagree.  My dad gets mad when I try to talk about it.  He tells me that I remember it wrong, or that I'm just trying to cause trouble.  So here is where I sit now.  I live in a house they own because my husband was going to school, and we didn't earn enough to move.  I have three kids (two boys and a girl) and I'm scared for her as she gets older and closer to the age I was.  She isn't around him alone ever.  Recently, I've gotten sick.  Some days, I can barely get out of bed I'm in so much pain.  Today my mom let me know she is going to start coming over to clean.  Which in my mind is a way for her to control me and my family.  The house isn't horribly dirty.  It is messy, I have three kids, if I was feeling right as rain, it would be messy.  I'm up late because I'm doing laundry in hopes to get everything closer to what she expects in case she drops in tomorrow.  I'm freaking out, which is making me feel worse, and going thru all these emotions again.  I've never gone to therapy because that's just attention seeking behavior according to my parents.  Part of me is ready to say screw it all, pack what I can, and move across the country with the family.  Part of me feels I have to stay here because my one brother is no longer part of the family (disowned - serious drug problems) and my other brother is dead.  I'm tired of carrying this weight.  My dad has let me know if I tell now that he'll plead guilty and get off with a slap on the wrist, and he's right.  It has been almost 20 years since it stopped, but the memories are just as fresh as if it were yesterday.  Part of my being sick is my memory sucks.  There are days I can't remember anything, but this won't leave me.  I know it is 2 am, and I'm not thinking straight... but part of me wants to pack up what we need, get in the car and drive across the country and just "figure it out".  Just leave this life behind.  Now I just need to figure out how to save up the money to go.When people meet my parents, they think they are the greatest people.  They are respected in the community, and are nice people.  My mom has told me numerous times she never pressed charges or kicked my dad out because, "What would people think?"  or she was protecting me from people thinking negatively about me.  Now, she sneaks off to visit her old bf or talk to him on the phone.  She even threatens to divorce my dad at times.  Which makes me laugh because if you weren't going to leave because he was fucking your 15 year old daughter (and had been for years), why would you leave now?
Since I've even known, both my mom and dad have abused me. I've been in different homes all my life up until the past 3 years or so. Each house that I've been to have lasted up to about 2 years. Depending on the family. My mother is a pill popper; now meth user my whole life. My father has been a meth addict/alcoholic my whole life. My father has been into treatment a number of times. Probably too many that I can even count.. My mother just entered treatment for the second time, relapsing in treatment before then. Right now I live with my boyfriend and his parents. Have lived here for a year and a half about.. and I couldn't be more happy or more safe. I feel very, very loved here.I'm not entirely sure why I decided to make a post about this.. I just kinda felt like getting it out.At the moment: My mom's in treatment (Like I said), and my dad's just trying to make money each week selling cars, and living with friends. My mom went to Jail a few years ago for leaving a 12 month old baby in the car over-night while abusing meth. Since then, she can't spend any time with children what-so-ever, lost custody of my half brother (Which at one point had to go into foster-care just like me.) and has been in and out of jail for relapsing and seeing her boyfriend (who is bad news) He has physically and emotionally abused my mother for over 10 years. They use drugs together, as well as feed into each others terrible life. Surprisingly, he just graduated anger-management and treatment and has custody of my little brother. In the meantime - my mother is in treatment awaiting to come back just to use again.So: As for me.. I'm a 19F, and about to have a beautiful baby boy in late January. That being said: I had told my mother, just a week before she relapsed that she wont be spending ANY time with my son at all unless supervised by me or my Fiance. She understood and said that she wants to be in her grandsons life and wont be using anytime soon. &#3232;\_&#3232; Of course. She relapses. Going completely behind my back and not thinking of me or her grandson. And I was being nice. Considering she's not even supposed to see children. I don't know what to do anymore. I have literally taken care of my mom when she should have been a parent to me. I go to counselling once every 2 weeks, and this is all I really talk about. It has caused me in the past year to have post traumatic stress disorder. Topped off with depression and anxiety.My whole life I have wanted to change another child's life because of mine. And now, I can finally do that. I can't wait for the day that I can rub it in both of my parents' face. Sad thing is.. my mom wont even know what it's like to be a grandma.She's burned me too many times. I've come to a point where I just need to cut them out of my life, but I don't think I can. I have tried my whole life to. I just can't do it. It's my mom, and it's my dad. How can you just shut them out? How can you just **not** call to see if they're alive/how they're doing? I can't. I surprisingly STILL love them, and I hate it. How do I do it reddit? Thanks for reading guys, I'm sorry it's so god damn long. (Didn't mean for it to be.)**TL;DR** I have been emotionally abused my whole entire life, and I just take it. I have a baby on the way and I don't know how to cut out my parents. But I am going to try my hardest. What can I do to calm myself down when it comes to my anxiety/depression/post-traumatic stress disorder and my parents? Some advice would be great..

My mother comes from a large family and berates my father at all times except when there is an outsider present, then she is all angel voice and loving. My father is a boss and loves her and puts up with the abuse. He was an only child. Everyone who meets them loves them because they ARE really nice to people. But when alone my father gets so withered and beaten he can barely talk loud enough to hear. I have tried to stick up for him and now my life is fuckered because dad says I am the antagonist. I love them both but the psychotic mind games are too much. Among those on the outside,they can't believe anything is wrong and it is soooo easy to believe their child is the one who is the problem. I can't get away fast enough but I'm finished helping them just because they are old. I hate my mother for being such a lazy demanding bitch and now my father thinks all his problems are because of me. My sister visits with the same singsongy voice and every horny old man wants to chat her up and she LOVES the attention but she is abusive,condescending,controlling,and loves mind games , and daddy loves his daughter so he stands behind both women in the family while they yell, chastise, create typical gossipy drama to get everyone going and then cry when called on their bullshit by someone on the inside who grew up watching two women contribute nothing but self promotion and skanky laziness to the planet. Are there any other children of an abusive mother towards the father, who tried to stick up for the father and failed?



I tried to disagree with him. I can agree she was unfair often and not the best girlfriend, but abusive?I know emotional abuse occurs but my thoughts were "she never hit me, she never forced me to have sex against my will", etc.I never had sex with her at all in fact, I was only 15 so at the time I wasn't up for it but when we broke up around when O was 17 she spread a rumor around school that I raped her.I realize I am kind f prime candidate for abuse - shy, no friends until she came around, being a Navy brat didn't give me normal social skills, and I am a person who will bend over backwards to help another. He was fairly pissed about the carnival story -- roughly a day or two after a bladder surgery there was a carnival and she really wanted me to go so I did despite still being sore from, you know, scalpels etc. I told her I'd just walk around, maybe get some cotton candy or watch fireworks with her. I could handle that. Then she kept wanting to go on rides. She said if I didn't then I didn't love her, she started crying and I felt horrible about it, so I went on the upside-down spinning claw thing and the antigravity circle whatever, IDR the name. It was too much. As soon as I got off the ride I crumble and start sobbing because it hurts so bad. I am prone to UTIs because of my condition, it felt like someone catapulted a brick to my pelvis. My now-roommate consoled me while she... IDK, she disappeared elsewhere.At some point in our relationship she cheated on me and claimed she was the one most hurt. I couldn't cry because she was too damaged about her drunk decisions ( I found out later she had about half a beer so...) But she cut herself and sobbed for days and days.At one point I tried to leave her. She called me saying she was going to kill herself so she took most of a bottle of aspirin and went to the hospital after I called her parents to stop her. The next day she gives me a puzzle she said she made while she was in the hospital - a bleeding broken heart. So I could never leave her because she would kill herself, but every time I disagreed on anything she would leave me until I said she was right and I was stupid.I really like this guy and I think he's a smart man, and he says he wants to know me under all the defenses I've put up. He says I should tell him how I feel etc but that's really hard when the first person you ever love thought all your ideas were stupid. :/More later, lunch break over. FWIW, he may be more inclined to think so because I am prone to somewhat seemingly random panic attacks and depression. It seems every 3-4 months I get a severe desire to die but some reason I can't identify keeps me from walking in front of a train. Maybe I'm just a coward but I'd love for it to stop.

Charter Harley Street Ltd is a  Drug Addiction & Rehab Clinic, offers best Treatments For Alcohol & Substance Abusehttp://www.charterdaycare.com/
He has never struck me, but has grabbed me forcefully multiple times, called me a freak, made me cry at school, and criticises everything I do, including if I have a slight attitude (I'm 12) he will point it out in front of everyone and embarrass me on purpose. He has thrown my math textbook across the room and while he grabs me he curses loudly and yells for 5-10 minutes strait. Then expects me to apologise to him, and will not apologise unless I do first. Please tell me if this is abuse or normal.












So today, i was messing around with a few other friends and a one point, one friend pulled another friends hair(P.S. we are guys) and said sorry, but the friend who got his hair pulled said it was ok and that his dad did it to him too, then started tearing up and crying. I later learned that his dad has been hitting him and abusing him emotionally as well. I am young and would really appreciate some help on this situation.


If you look at my and my mom, you see a happy 18 year old girl and a mother she is extremely close to. You don't see what I've done to her out of anger, these things that have made me hate myself. Unless you see her bruises or scratches.I have hit, pushed, nearly choked and punched my mom. The only person who is ways there. And I abuse her out of anger. The self-hate this has caused has led me to self-abuse and I now battle both.I find refuge in my faith. How? Because I don't see how a woman can be abused by her only child and still love them. Mom's getting some help and strength. And maybe someday I will have that strength to stop fighting me. Even more important perhaps someday I'll have the strength to do what she has done over & over: Forgive me.




This really needs to stop. 
I had a lot of evidence supporting on issues behalf of my father. I claimed that I figured that he was a lying manipulative sociopath who is violating my rights but taking my money with out my consent. He had also had an issues of trying to prevent me from pressing charges on sexual harassment I had with a man slightly older than me. I believed he did it because he did not wanted me to have any independence.   I am around 20 and did not accomplish much compared to people who are around my age. It is also the same with living life for people who are young as me. I have a little brother who does a lot more than me than I do. My father is nice to practically everyone else to except for me in the past and I had figured that everything he said is a lie.  However I remember when I figured all of this stuff out at once and had a breakdown because of it. My dad came up and started to yell at me about the money that he was not suppose to take and gave me threats. Saying "I will cut you off so you better be nice" mentality. He also threatened to take the money back and since then I stopped getting angry and the evidence still links and I seem to not really remember after the argument we had. We had issues like this before when I try to stand up for him and he makes me feel bad and weaker and I do feel that way. Lies to me and tries to put stuff in my head that is not actually true.   I also found some papers of him saying he had ASPD and narcissistic traits along with a type A personality. I mean when I look at other stuff with evidence it seems to link, but not with this. Even though I felt like this before after he threatened and yelled at me. He made me scared and onto eggshells and made me feel inferior after the threat. I don't really want to tell you what he said. Possible brain or psychological damage maybe? Is it healthy I should go back to the state because ever since that fight, I don't seem to dislike him as much anymore and I don't feel like a burden. Does this sound weird to you? This does not seem very normal to me. 

Last February one of my best friends who I'm close with admitted he was physically abused by his mother until he was able to fight back and even after that she continued to emotionally abuse him. We have been scheming for the past couple months that as soon as he turns 18 we will both rent a place together. He turns 18 on May 24, 2013, I'd take him to live with me now but I have no doubt in my mind that his mother would charge me with kidnapping a minor. But this time she has crossed the line, she called the police and sent him to juvie for a week because she was tired of him defying her. What kind of mother does that? I can't just sit back for the next year and a month and let this happen. We have no proof, CPS was called before years ago but they did not find anything, the school is paid to keep hush hush, and his stepdad refuses to do anything about it, and his brother is ten and "mommy's favorite". Please help me find a way to help him in which she does not get her way ever again. I need to save him. I am 20 btw



so today i was walking by and i see some kid get harrased buy some safty gairds, haha. said there was a camera on his glasses... lol i watched because they started to grab his and put their hands all over ths poor kid. haha welll he  was wearing some cinima 3d specs from a theater turns out.. sucks too see that kid hurt and banned from campus... lol guess he shouldent have be wearing 3d glasses afterall...

I feel very sad and abused. Why does she do this to me.
I’ve been hesitant to post this because I’ve been feeling a lot of confusion about the whole situation. If this isn’t the right place for this post, please tell me and I’ll move it elsewhere.I have two memories that keep coming up to the forefront of my mind, and one of them unsettles me greatly. It makes me feel gross and awkward.So the first memory goes like this: I think I (female) was between the ages of 4-7, and my cousin (male) was between the ages of 9-11. We were in a shallow, inflatable kiddy pool in my grandma’s backyard and we were just chilling. He said, “hey,” and pointed to his crotch. He had pulled his shorts down and his penis was out. He asked me if I wanted touch it. I reached out and poked it. I don’t know why I did it-maybe just chalk it up to child sexuality/exploration? I don’t know. This memory unsettles me a little bit because I willingly touched his penis. The second memory is what really gets me though: I think I was between the ages of 5-8, and my cousin (the same one) was between the ages of 10-13. I am not quite sure about the ages in this one, either. My mom had to go over to the store or my grandma’s house or something, so she left me alone with my cousin for a little while. I asked him if he wanted to play “pretend puppies” which was just a made-up game that consisted of me pretending to be a dog that had stuffed animal puppies that I carried around. My cousin then asked me if I wanted to know how dogs really made puppies and if I wanted him to show me. I remember being really hesitant and saying I didn’t want to get pregnant (I was young, don’t judge) and he said I’d only get pregnant if we were naked. He then led me into my mom’s room and had me lay on her bed, stomach down. He then climbed on top of me and humped me. Sometimes I feel like I can feel he pelvis rubbing against my butt, and it just makes me feel gross. I told him I didn't want to do this anymore and he said, “Fine…” and clambered off.My main question: does this “count” as abuse?I’m 18 now and consider myself a fairly stable human being. The only thing that might seem out of ordinary is that I began to masturbate at a young age (which, according to most posts I’ve seen on the internet is not out of the ordinary at all) and I’m not a fan of people touching my ass. I’ve never felt fearful of my cousin, but ever since I began to think of these memories more I’ve become a bit resentful towards him. My brother is getting married in August and my cousin is in the wedding party, as am I. We are walking together, which I am not very happy about. Most of my confusion lies in that I can’t figure out if what I am “remembering” are false memories or not. I thought they were because I can only put little pieces together. I especially have trouble recalling what age I was in both memories. However, I don’t want to push them aside as false memories if they truly are real. But I don’t want to dwell on them if they are just figments of my imagination, but why would my brain create something like that?**tl;dr My cousin sorta tricked me into letting him hump me "doggy" style, but I'm not sure if it's a real memory or not.**
