
Does anyone forgive the people that bullied them then on another day feel annoyed at them again? Or is it just me?
I used to live in location 1. This was a city and it was quite young. Had friends that I have on Facebook now. When I was little my parents decided to move to the country side so obviously I had to go with them. I didn't know my life would change so much. I moved school and got bullied by this 1 kid. It wasn't as bad bullying but it still counted. Swearing at me, calling me fat and a freak, even though I wasn't large for my age. This is where my life changed for the worse. I went to secondary school years 7-11. This was the worst 5 years of my life. I was a only child so I kept myself to myself and had no one to really chat to at home. I didn't wanna chat to mum or dad about stuff that me and my mates would chat about like Xbox and wanting to do this when we turn into adults etc. My mum worked hard and I appreciate her but there was times she would be so stressed she wouldn't wanna chat to me because i would wanna chat about stuff that would bore her. It pushed me away and to this day I can't talk to mum or dad about anything serious, I feel embarrassed to? From year 7-11 I was bullied heavily. I was punched, kicked, spat on, beat up but not seriously. Every one didn't want to hang around with me. I was that kid everyone hated. I honestly don't know how I went through 5 years of it. I never fought back because I never had any brothers to get into fights with and toughen up. Before school I was pushed around and pushed into roads near cars etc. It's been 4 years since I left school and life's a little easier. People have grown up and just accepted me. I have a few friends that are popular we go out clubbing and go places to eat. But to this day if someone mentions my name, there just like "not that guy he's a goon" I get left out of stuff still and it effected my life. I'm in a shit job only because of someone, and I could have gone uni and had a life. But because of these bullies I got U's and F's in my grades. My mum and dad obviously are disappointed in me. I went college for 2 years and got nothing out of that, bullied there aswell. I've just been bullied for 80% of my life. Im not weird or anything I just don't take as my risks as others and get called a pussy. Because of these bullies my life hasn't gone down the right path. I can't move away anywhere because I don't have the funds and parents won't move. I've had people say to me "just remember who you are" implying that I'm nothing. I know people have gone through a lot worse and I am sorry to who those people are.  Any suggestions what I can do or have I left it to late? Thanks for reading 
Recently, we lost another innocent young person to suicide caused by bullying.  Brandy Vela was a victim of relentless emotional torture at the hands of cowards who chose to hide behind the internet.  I’ve read many articles and posts and even shared her story on the Kindness Matters Facebook page.  Most people who commented in all of those places where compassionate, heartbroken or outraged.  A few were not.  It is those few who I am speaking to now. Some have said that those who are bullied should get thicker skin.  How exactly does a person do that?  Emotions and empathy cannot be taught or untaught – they are just part of a person’s makeup.  To say that someone needs to change who they are in order to accommodate the desires or shortcomings of another is both ridiculous and asinine.  It’s true that many bullied children are highly sensitive and gentle souls.  Why on Earth would we, as a society, ever want to take that away from them?  Would we really prefer to live in a world populated only by people who have walls built around their hearts and who are callous and mean spirited when others don’t meet some arbitrary standard they’ve set for worthiness?  Some have said that by staying on social media and keeping a cell phone, then the victims asked for it. This is idiotic, Puritanical reasoning.  I bet these same people think if a girl wears a short skirt, then she’s asking to be raped too.  Or if a boy is openly gay, then he’s asking to be beat up.  And why should the victims be the one who has to change?  When Peyton was in elementary school, his principal thought the best solution was to change Peyton’s teachers so he wouldn’t be in class with his bully. I put my foot down – I wasn’t going to let Peyton’s life be upended when he’d done nothing wrong.  I held my ground and the school moved the other boy to a different teacher.  Some have said that the parents of the bullied child are to blame for not teaching the child to love his/herself.  Let me tell you straight from the horse’s mouth – that is bullshit.  I told my Peyton every single day that I loved him.  I was involved in his school and social life.  I tried to help him navigate a world full of people who are intentionally cruel, although neither of us understood it.  Children who die by suicide don’t do it because they don’t love themselves or because they feel unloved.  They do it in order to escape the pain of their everyday life.  No matter how much a person loves themselves, if life (i.e. the bully) continues to beat you down, you will break.  Some have said that the victims should just get off of social media. Sure, that’s really easy.  Right?  Clearly, those who have made this suggestion do not have teenage children in the 21st century.  Trying to keep a child from the internet is like trying to stop water from flowing downhill.  It is, in a word, impossible.  If they aren’t online to interact with their friends, then they’re using it to keep up with events in school or to communicate with teachers and coaches.  Social media is permanently woven into the fabric of our lives and it’s not going away any time soon.  Some have said “we need to do something” but none seem to take it farther than a post on social media.If you do feel that WE need to do something, then DO SOMETHING other than type a few words on a keyboard.  Call your local representatives and find out what is being done in your state to punish those who bully others.  Call your local school district and find out what programs they have in place to help bullied children and those that bully.  Go to the newspaper or T.V. station and find out what they’re doing to bring this issue to the forefront of the public’s attention.  If nothing is being done or if you feel like more should be, then find a way to make that happen.  Start a petition (not an online one – those are a waste of time), start a letter writing campaign with your friends, family, church and neighbors or volunteer to mentor kids at a local school (not just the bullying victims, but the bullies too).  You cannot expect the world to change if you don’t help make it a reality.  Saying “we need to do something” then expecting everyone else to do the hard work simply won’t do. Someone has to be the one to take that first step.  As we move into the holiday season, we’re bombarded with images of happy families, sounds of joyous carolers and wishes of Peace on Earth.  This year, instead of being blinded by the sparkly lights and tinsel of the season, take some time to really – I mean REALLY– look at your world.  Strive to move those Norman Rockwell images from fantasy to reality -- for yourself, for your family and for every single human being around you.  Elie Wiesel once said “The opposite of love is not hate, it’s indifference.” and Ghandi said “Be the change you wish to see in the world.”  Both very wise men who refused to sit on the sidelines to only bemoan the travesties they saw around them.  Now is your chance to try to be more like them.  I encourage you to be the person who is willing to take a stand against bullying in your community.  Be the person who knows that change will only come when YOU decide that you’ve had enough.  Be the person who will set aside personal comfort and complacency in order to make the world a better place for everyone.  Today is the day that you get to decide what your contribution to peace will be.  To find out who represents you, follow this link:http://www.house.gov/htbin/findrepIf you live in Texas, this tells you even more:http://gis1.tlc.state.tx.us/mobile/fyi/


http://imgur.com/8Yx0fiK This dude knows dangerous fighting moves too. 
I've been bullied since second and it hasn't been just the name calling, it's been psychical, emotional and verbal abuse that has traumatized me and it's still going on to this very day. I no linger trust anybody, I've contemplated and attempted suicide, I have no confidence, I've struggled with depression and anxiety for years, I've been in multiple mental health programs, I have a counselor, I have a psychiatrist, I have meds but its absolutely disgusting that I've been manipulated and taunted time after time by people that I tried to take my own life. I will never be the same as I was. I will never be able to trust as much as I used to and I sure as hell won't be able to be myself around anyone but my family and I. They've filled my heart with hate and agony but I forgive them for everything they've ever done and for everything they will continue to do. Deep down there's always going to be pain from what they're doing and what they've done and that is something that I will never forget. I just needed to express those feelings and no I am not at risk of killing myself.

Hi everyone,I'm an entry level researcher and this is the first time I've been involved in a government project in my state. To give you readers a background -Under this project, I'm required to work with this senior lady who is academically very qualified and is very well connected within the state's government circles as her husband is also a serving government official.It has been 3 months since I started working with her. This particular project involves a lot of legislative research and identification of loopholes/gaps that need to be covered via government amendments. So as you can guess, this is a very high level, intensive research work. I can't afford to do a half-hearted job of something that might become a law, someday.Frankly, I'm in this project to get some generic research experience and assist in any way possible for a government project as I'm no specialist. Also, please note that this project also involves interviewing senior government officials so that the researcher can get an 'implementation perspective problems' for this study. For such interviews, she is supposed to lead them while I take copious notes as minutes. She hasn't appeared for any interview even once.Given that she is the senior, she is supposed to guide me through the project every step of the way so that the project study is conducted according to the deliverables agreed upon in the contract. During these 3 months, she has NOT guided me or supported me in any of these big tasks. She has left the entire project on my inexperienced shoulders and recently when we had a presentation with government officials to inform them on the status of the project - they were very displeased and she happily allowed me to take the fall for the entire fiasco.My long winded background explanation is for a slightly different but a connected issue. She is also involved in this other project, which I haven't signed up for contractually. She pushed me into this project and demanded that I finish the deliverables of this project as well, without discussing the pay involved or officially signing a contract with me. I don't know how to politely put it across to her that I think very poorly of her non-existent work ethic and frankly, imbecilic ramblings which serve as no "parameters for guidance" as she calls it.I think she is abusing my junior position and feels entitled to push all the work on me without contributing anything herself. Moreover, this might seem petty given that I'm the junior, she gets the higher chunk of the project payments without doing anything while I get a measly amount for doing pretty much the entire bulk of work.How do I put a stop to this abuse without jeopardising my nascent career? Thank you.
I need someone's help I don't know where else to turn im constantly getting harassed bullied and beatup by some fuckkin guy He steals my money my cloaths my stuff everything hes got me fired from my job now Iv realized that I'm at the edge of suicide I need some ones help I really need someone's help please if there's anyone out there that can help me get this guy to stop putting me down and harassing me call me please 323-4799897
I need someone's help I don't know where else to turn im constantly getting harassed bullied and beatup by some fuckkin guy He steals my money my cloaths my stuff everything hes got me fired from my job now Iv realized that I'm at the edge of suicide I need some ones help I really need someone's help please if there's anyone out there that can help me get this guy to stop putting me down and harassing me call me please 323-4799897
How do I avenge my friends from a bully? She has no remorse over what she's done. We're in last year of "high school" btw.
So a few months ago I was at a school party (I'm 18 btw), was drunk and got with a girl exchanged numbers and left it at that.    She starts posting pictures (I didn't know their were any) on Facebook tagging me and her together. I'm pretty pissed at this point and tell her I'm not interested and that it was  drunken mistake.    It dies down for a few weeks but recently she keeps telling people around the school that we got off once and we did all these things (total bullshit). I'm ignoring all this at this point not trying to give her any satisfaction, she then starts attacking me personally saying how I was terrible, smelt like shit usual rubbish...    Now I've noticed a knock on effect to this, people started talking to me less, laughing and sniggering at shit behind my back and it's kind of got to me. The last month of school has been a nightmare and I've actually bunked off lessons to avoid classes with her. Not sure what to do?    Edit: forgot to add... I was talking to this separate girl recently, for about a couple of weeks. The original girl decides to be-friend the new one and bang after a couple of weeks of genuine talking and texting I get completely ignored.
Actually wondering on what level they were bullied or picked on? I see such horrible stories and I think "flip I wasn't treated that badly". I'm pretty sensitive and sometimes wonder if I'm remembering the past favourably to myself. 
I used to get bullied a lot back in middleschool, especially with the class bully. And we broke into a full on fight once...Actually I wasn't really fighting, he just straight out flattened me.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaNrvNjLxu4

My son is 7 years old and sweet kid; he's quirky, kind, polite, and respectful but he is also introverted and likes to be in his own head (he loves video games and watching game reviews by people like danTDM).  I feel that this has led to him being singled out...He has a birthday party coming up but all the kids he invited, including kids who are his "friends", have turned him down for reasons that make no sense (Reasons? From the kids: "I only go to parties that have invitation cards" or "I have better things to do this weekend). It's a nerf gun party... who turns that down?He hasn't come to me yet but I feel he's really hurting inside.  It seems like he keeps sinking further into himself (he'll watch Video Games and DanTDM videos on YouTUBE all day) as an escape. What can I do?Any advice would be appreciated!  Thanks for your time.
I was in 7th grade and I was one of the only Chinese students in all of my classes including art. I am a female and I was known but not popular. At my table sat two girls, let's call them Sid and Meg. They would already make fun of how I spoke as I would rarely mispronounce words. I had braces so I had trouble saying some words. I knew they were doing it because stereotypically Chinese people don't speak English well.I know many Asians who can or cannot speak English and may speak odd but that does not give anyone a excuse to make fun of them.They were annoying but they weren't the bullies. We were the only three girls in the entire class. Let's call the main bullies Chris, Brandon, and Micheal. So they were already annoying in general and I ignored them but sometimes I couldn't help but reply.I would make fun of one of their names because they were annoying me or just being a jerk. Brandon started saying I ate many exotic animals, just random things. I know that some Chinese people eat dogs and cats but not all of them.I just hated the fact that they said that about me. They would make jokes about how that I had pets because I would eat them or that if they got a penny every time I ate a dog or a cat they would be rich.I didn't care maybe for the first month but then they made a song. The teacher KNEW and HEARD them but didn't do anything. She told them to stop but carelessly. I knew she didn't care. She was nice in general but she was fine with what they were saying. I didn't tell my parents or other teachers because I thought they would stop. Everyone HEARD but no one did anything. I guess Meg and Sid did say some things but I still don't like them. They made fun of me still on other things.This continued for a while until I cried in the middle of class. I tried to hold it in but after all that I couldn't. I thought they would stop. The ONLY REASON that stupid art teacher did anything after that was because she had to. She DIDNT care about what they were saying. Some dude offered me tissues but gave zero shits about me before. I hated it but i went to the bathroom then came back. I still cried and I didn't say anything. Brandon, Chris and Micheal got in trouble. The school counselor got involved and talked to them.She even talked to their parents in a meeting. Brandon got scared and I MIGHT have felt sympathy for him but I couldn't. So please don't make fun of people because of their race. I think Asians are much easier to be made fun of because of the stereotypes sometimes being true. 

I know high school is hell for everyone but there are a couple things I want to get off my chest.I did not have the high school experience I was expecting. When I was a young little Freshman I thought I was gonna get picked on by the other kids but I could form close bonds with my teachers since I was a good student. As I went into high school the opposite proved true in time. I had a couple teachers that hurt me a couple times in my life in ways that I still haven't emotionally recovered from.The first teacher that emotionally abused me was my history teacher junior year. He was a funny guy who liked history as much as I do and I thought I could bond with him. I felt that I was on good terms with him the whole year but then he did something completely out of nowhere.First some context, I was a theatre student back then and I landed a part in a play at my community theatre. I have always been a shy kid but the age difference in the cast was daunting. I was 18 in a cast of 30-40 year olds. There was this one man, Jude, who was a complete asshole to me. He would push me around for not being "mature" enough and did everything he could to treat me like a 5 year old and patronize me. I tried to have a thick skin and laugh it off but the teasing got more mean spirited and grading after a while. I really did try to stay not let him get to me but my overall mood plummeted in the following weeks, I really wanted to fight back but I didn't want tot get kicked out of the play for starting trouble. This kind of reached a breaking point when the only friend I had at the time turned his back on me and treated me like shit. I got really distracted in class because I had a lot of emotions that I was having a hard time managing. My teacher was talking about people who live in ghettos for some reason, I don't exactly remember why, I was only have paying attention, and he was going on about how all boys fight back when antagonized and then he said "ehhh I don't know about you." And everyone in the class laughed really hard at me. There were a couple kids who really didn't like me and I can still remember their gleefully sadistic laughing faces. I think the laughing went on for a good 20 seconds. I managed to take it in stride at the time but by the time I made it home I broke down in tears and cried for a couple hours. I was in so much pain at the time. I felt betrayed, isolated and hopeless. I thought that teacher liked me so I dont know to this day why he did that. I also felt weak and pathetic because if a teacher like him could humiliate me and get away with it, would I ever get people to not walk all over me? I spent the following summer trying to put myself back together.The second teacher who bullied me was my drama teacher senior year. She was basically a teenage bully disguised as an adult. She would gossip about me behind my back, shamelessly played favorites, talked down to me like a 3 year old and shouted at me a couple times if I didnt hear her right away. She would also threaten to lower my grade if I ever talked back. High school is over now and I am trying to get the mental scars of those couple of years out of my brain. I was never bothered by the young bullies in my life, but when the teachers, whom I was supposed to look up too acted so immaturely and treated me cruelly, I just can't stop thinking about it. I have gone to therapy, taken anxiety pills, taken up writing but no matter what I do I can't get the anger out of my head. I have vivid flashbacks and hit myself sometimes hard enough to draw blood. I fantasized about suicide when I felt alone, like no one would aver care about me and I once screamed loud enough in frustration that someone called the cops on me. I am not a typically violent person but the memories of being humiliated makes me feel so alone and desperate that I get toxic emotions and am never able to shake it off. Boy, I still can't get the flashbacks to stop but it did feel good to write it down like this. 


It was at the end of high school, I had a very expensive pen 'Jaguar', Parents got it free though with one of the cars. This guy was mocking me and took it from me in plain sight and would never admit to stealing it. Throughout school I was kicked and pushed, girls wanted me to be friends but then told me I had a fat bum or I was retarded. I tried to be nice so i would not be alone, eventually it started to depress me i cried going to school and it went on for months. i became uninterested in people and everything, gym class was worse, the teachers told me off for not keeping up with others, i wanted to avoid them. It lead to home schooling ,Everything was a dark cloud. If i was there now things wouldn't have got that far, I'm not happy with the way i let things go. Anyone else felt like this.

Back in August I taken to here about my situation with my sister. Basically I'm 17 (I turned 18 since then) and she is 13. She was mentally mean to me and if I stood up for myself or said something "wrong" it would get physical (and I'm too weak to fight back)From then until now I have been called names that I still think of today, been made to give her money (which was never paid back) and was forced to give her sweets because "I owe her some".I tried to fight her back once (before I turned 18) but she punched me in the stomach and threatened to punch me in the face. I had to stop because I had eye surgery 4 years ago and didn't want anything to happen.My mum is aware of this and she told her off but now it only happens at school or on bus rides. I rather not get the school involved since we are sisters and they might think that I'm being stupid.Now that I am 18 (and live in the UK) I can't fight back in case I get arrested. Moving out isn't an option because I have a visual impairment and autism.She makes me feel like rubbish and I have low self esteem because of it. What can I do?
This story takes back to my high school year, around 2 years ago. I was a new transfer student at a small school (really small like there were around 37 people in my grade and around 150 from freshman to seniors combined) and didn't had any friends. Yet I tried my best to make new friends and I made some. However, I got into an accident and caused me concussion. I told them that I had a short term memory loss due to it but nobody believed me. On the other hand, they started to spread a rumour saying that I am a liar and everyone (literally every fucking one of them in my grade) started to avoid me. They didn't talk to me, help me and even so far neglected/despised me. As a result, my last two year in high school was hell. Although they didn't physically bullied me, do you think this situation can be considered as a bullying?


I wrote a rap to hopefully help people tell someone if they are bring bullied and hopefully encourage someone to do the correct thing! But let me share the unfinished lyrics, what do you think? It's all from my head I walk past you every single dayI've never understood why you look at me this wayI'm a normal guyI do normal stuffI don't know why you think your so tough Verse 2-You empty my bag,You take my money,All I want is to get down to study,You Call me names, you make me feel downNot long before I have a breakdown Verse 3-Im scared to shout,I'm scared to pace, Going to school with swear around my face, Verse 3-I'm just a normal guy I don't want no stress You make me scaredMy life's a mess Verse 4-Please help me god, I want this to endI hate feeling like I'm on a bendI feel so alone No one to tellAll I want is to be someone else Verse 5-You treat me different I don't know whyMaybe it's my glasses,Or maybe it's my cry Whatever it is you always tell me to dieVerse 6-It's time to stop,I'm worth more than thisI won't continue acting like your propVerse 7
Wikipedia has this [list of suicides](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_suicides_that_have_been_attributed_to_bullying) attributed to bullying. I've seen cases like [this](http://nypost.com/2014/06/18/teen-fighting-for-life-after-brutal-schoolyard-stabbing/) where the victim instead retaliated, killing their bully. What I haven't seen is any website containing a list of such incidents, and the details of each.  
I am receiving abusive emails from someone and keen to find out who it is.  The email source address gives the IP address of the Internet Service Provider but not the bully.  Any ideas on how to get the email bully's real identity?
I got picked on at school for quite a bit, I was told that I am ugly and a stain on society, I was bullied and tormented every day, made my life a living hell, dropped my self-confidence and felt worthless.5 years out of school I have never been ugly I have been called cute by girls and have dated a few of them and I have my life sorted out...My confidence is soaring and realised how school was a joke!I had received an abusive message from him the other day and decided to share it with you all, shows that some people never change and really like to cling onto their past.http://imgur.com/a/5B0xG
I'm currently having a lot of trouble with bullying and when I try to get help I get yelled at and/or treated as if I'm in trouble. It may be because I'm openly trans, or something like that. I just kinda want a friend or something idk.



Hey I have a problem with bullying. My name is Sebastian and im 14 years old. I think my personality makes me bulliable because I have been bullied before. This time my "friends" found this name that I'm using on this account online. They have started saying that my penis is 35 millimeters small and they dont stop when I tell them to. This makes my mood in school worse and everytime in class when i talk I can always hear someone whispering. I would be glad if anyone could help me.
Hello Reddit, this is my first proper post.I'm a fully grown adult and thought that I'd gotten past being bullied. No such luck; I think I just have one of those personalities that draws the bullies in.There's a member of my small team at work who is just evil, really nasty. I wonder sometimes if he's actually a sociopath. He's upset me for the last time and I am now not speaking to him. It's been 2 weeks, it's sooooo awkward and because no one else on my team wants to incur his wrath, I'm the one who's had to ostracize myself.His main tactic is taking the piss or trying to wind you up, then when you defend yourself he just talks over you until you shut up. Then he'll make little digs at you to let you know he knows he's got to you. The topics he chooses are too close to home too - he makes a colleague cry sometimes because he picks just the right topic to hit a nerve. He says these things in quite a nasty way too if he doesn't like you and you know full well he really means it. But then he'll say it's just 'Banter', he's just having a laugh.He isn't! He means every word of it, but you just can't call out someone like that!Anyone successfully done it?
Hi my names sady and im 12 i made freinds with this bully at school.Long story short I went over to his house to see his pets.While his parents where gone I hit him over the head with the family xbox. Then gatherd up all his pets and bashed them to death infront while he watched. after I fucked him then left . his parents might found out but if they do I told him id kill him thoughts ?


"Trolls & flying monkies herd sheeple into machinations."(Is it tee shirt worthy?)
http://naughty-corner.com/2016/11/antibullyingweek/




I got bullied really bad in high school1. This girl would always talk about my clothes, hair , shoes, whatever I wore and even tried to lie and say I wore the same clothes. One time in the hall she took my fries then called me ugly2. This guy bullied me really bad, hit me, insulted me every day, wouldnt let me walk upstairs to classThis is just a little I dont want to have a relapseGOD BLESS YOU

This is gonna be long, more a novel than just a story, I need to talk about it. I need to share. I am a 22 year old female. I’ve grown up in Utah. For a big portion of my childhood I was bullied. I personally feel that the bullying has a lot to do with the person I am today. Maybe, that by talking about it I could show a side of bullying that people don’t see. I have been weird my whole life. I don’t even mean that in the cutsy sense of “Oh look how I am not like other girls” I just mean I’ve done a lot of weird things my whole life, and It doesn’t help that I have never been charismatic or outgoing. When I was in elementary school, my mom was not only a substitute teacher, but she was the PTA (Parent Teacher Association) President. Which was scary to a lot of other kids. I didn’t mind then. I had three or four friends and that was all I needed. Other kids would avoid me. They were afraid I would tell on them. Tell my mom something and get them in trouble, plus I was living proof that teachers, especially substitutes, that teachers had lives outside of school. I used to have a weird habit of standing instead of sitting in class. I always had to do it, maybe I had too much energy as a kid or something, but sitting down in a chair was physically hard for me. My teacher had to place me in the back of the room as to not prevent other kids from seeing. My dad liked video games. It wasn’t his favorite thing, but when he had spare time he would always be battling some virtual creature. He played a lot of Thief the Dark Project, Diablo, And Lara Croft were some of his favorites. Of course I was way to young to play these games myself (I tried and then later had nightmares) but I often reenacted these scenes at recess. (I LARPED in Elementary School, I think that deserves a medal.) I didn’t play on the swingsets or pretend to be a princess at the top of the slide, I was a sorceress shooting fireballs at demons in a desecrated cathedral. At the time, geek culture was still considered unpopular, much less other kids didn’t even know what Diablo was. No one really wanted to play with me at recess, they wanted to be princess, or play kick ball. But my real problems of bullying didn’t start until I moved to a small town. This town was small when I first got there. It has grown through the years, but that is irrelevant to the story.  The town has this thing about it, it just attracts negativity. People don’t talk about it, and I don’t know why. It is a real problem, but most people in general are miserable, or at the very least are miserable to each other. Granted that is kind of a blanket statement, but it is not a wrong assessment. Looking back, I had no idea of the pain I would endure for the next few years. I laugh at Anti-bullying ads because in my experience, bullying isn’t anything like the dramatizations. At least, that isn’t what mine was. My bullying came from the people I called my friends. There was a boy in particular, that felt the need to control me. I don’t know why, maybe it was a crush, or maybe it was because I was new. But I wasn’t used to it, so of course I conformed to his manipulation and his cruelty. His emotions were hot and cold. When he was mad he took it out on me, and when he was in a good mood, he left me alone. As I got older, I started to understand what he was doing. All the guilt tripping, all the lying, the half truths and the rumors, I thought I had him figured out, and I rebelled against him. That made it worse. He started manipulated the people around me. Tell them lies about me, or tell them some made up story, and play to their sympathies. I became the bad guy. always. One time In Jr High, there was a new kid. I was excited to meet someone and have a new slate with him. I expressed my excitement to get to know this kid. My tormenter didn’t like this. He told few lies. He told everyone that I LOVED this guy. That I wanted to marry him, of course, like rumors and gossip does, it spread and with each  new telling a new detail was added. Soon I was stalking this boy, watching him sleep and smelling his sheets. The poor kid, heard every bad story there was to hear. He didn’t know what to believe, so he believed all of it. Everytime I failed a test, people assumed it was so that so I could ask him for help. IF I passed a class it was to impress him. If I wore a certain shirt, it was because I thought it was his favorite color. It didn’t matter if it was true or not, people loved to be mean. I remeber one time, I wore eyeliner, and my tormenter told everyone that it was for my crush. Then he got a few people to call me raccoon eyes.  He was in one of my art classes. One day will forever be etched into my head. He sat behind me with a group of guys. I don’t remember their names much less their faces, and even if I did I am not sure it would matter. My teacher put on a video then left to do errands in the teacher's room. A piece of paper went flying by my face, then more and more till a rain of paper fell. Then came the nasty “PSSSSTTTT” from behind me. When I turned around to see what they wanted I was met by a wall of insults. “Why do you think you’re good enough to even fantasize about being with my boy here?” “You’re not even pretty enough to look back here” “You’re gross” Never before had I met this type of outright hatred. I chose not to respond. I knew that no matter what I said, they would twist it into something it wasn’t. To them it confirmed their suspicions. I spent the entire period trying not to cry. Holding it all in like a storm of tears collecting in my throat. All because one person had to lie. When I entered High School, I was very unstable. Of course I had the teenage hormones and misplaced priorities but it was also amplified by the amount of insecurity he had caused me. It became basic knowledge that I was nothing. I didn’t know how far or wide his lies spread so I assumed everyone else considered me nothing as well. I felt alone. I just wanted to be liked. It got to the point where I started doing anything. I lied about everything. I told people I liked bands or songs that I had never heard and I dressed certain ways because it was what other people did, I said things that I thought other people wanted to hear, and it never worked. There were small occasions where I took my turn saying mean things to other people, in hopes of feeling the power that he held over me. People saw right through me, and treated me badly, I don’t blame them. Why would they be nice to someone who lied to them? Soon, I found myself thinking that this concept was how friends were supposed to work. I started getting friends that would treat me as lesser. Anything my friends did for me, was because they were feeling merciful that day, or I had to pay them back. We never did things for each other just because. There was no love or respect between me or my friends. I had gotten to the point where I had an illusion of being free. But it was an illusion I was allowed to see by my tormenter. He still lied about me, and he still tried controlling me, but it was more indirectly now. These new friends that I thought I made were, in my mind, better than anything he had done to me. I remember that my new friends had the mindset of “You are who you are because I made you that way.” They constantly reminded me of it. They reminded me that I was a loser with no friends till they were willing to put up with me. Then I joined the performing arts. I bet you can guess who also joined too. My tormenter. He was everything I wasn’t. He was charismatic, funny, lovable, comedic, sociable and according to everyone in the club, talented. I was not. I thought that in joining a club I would find a family, and maybe we were a family, but we were disfuncional. Through his workings, I became the butt of every joke, I ran errands for everyone, and was constantly left out. The only time they seemed to remember me is if they wanted to make a joke about me. If I ever felt a certain way, it was immediately invalidated. People often took things from me and hid them, and never gave them back. There are still items to this day I am missing. I hated bugs, even fake ones, I would often find plastic bugs in my binders, bags and locker. People would immortalize jokes on Facebook and Twitter, and subject I offered input on was automatically considered wrong or idiotic. Any joke I made wasn’t funny or was stolen and retold. I did not know it at the time, but I have a sleeping disorder. This caused me to sleep every second I could in school. I was constantly tired. This was made fun of too. I would fall asleep and wake up under piles of objects or if any skin was showing it was drawn on, people often took selfies with me while I was sleeping. Another fun pass time was if I was found asleep, people thought it would be fun to scare me away, by jumping, screaming or even dropping books close to me. If someone found out I was sleeping during class the whole club found out about it and started forming jokes. I was no longer a person, I was a tool. A tool you used when you were feeling bad about yourself. Even my teacher joined in. They often made jokes, and spread rumors to the students. I know that not everyone felt the hate towards me, but everyone at least once took a jab at me. Some more playful than others. To some it was a joke to be taken lightly and to others it was a running joke. As you can imagine, my grades, and health suffered due to the constant nagging. My grades slipped, and I didn’t believe that I was smart enough to bring them up. There was no one I could go to for help or tutoring. They would only use that against me. I stopped doing my hair or make up. What did it matter? I wasn’t pretty, and by avoiding it I could get a few extra minutes of sleep in.  I never dressed for school, always sweats or pajama pants, with a t-shirt. What was the point in changing? I was going to sleep anyway, and it wasn’t like I was trying to impress anyone. I  could write more and more about all the things that happened, but I don’t know if we have time.By my senior year, I had become very aware of my situation. Before I had made rationalizations or downplayed it. Trying to believe that these people cared. But at the age of 17 I understood that everyone In my life considered my life a joke. I decided that after graduation I would no longer keep in contact with any of them. I followed through on that. I moved out and cut off contacts with my tormenter, and I tried not to think of the fallout that it would cause. I started to tell people things that I wanted to be told. I stopped caring what other people thought because I put myself in a position where there was no one to care. I spent a long time in emotional isolation, even though I dated and continued to have friends, I kept that most secret part of myself hidden. IT took time to heal, and but now I am confident in myself. There are those from high school that teased me that I have made up with, and I now hold no resentment towards them. I still have a hard time finding and keeping friends. I also have had bad relationships, but wish to continue to look for good in relationships with new people. It is a process ans there is a lot I've come to terms with and a lot ive learned to deal with. I also know that not everyone I encountered or interacted with in high school had the intent to hurt me or even knew that I had this. If you know anyone who is being bullied, my advice would to be, don't try and protect them. Don’t try to defeat their bullies or hardships for them. That is their obstacle. What you should do is show them they are loved and they are important, then they can walk away from those toxic people themselves. 
Need some help here.So Ive started in a new creative team in a workplacement for unemployed designers and from the beginning this woman wishing to pursue a career in HR and psychoogy has been on my case. We were on a project that was testing a team of three designers working on an development project equally. From the start she decided to be the boss where there shouldnt be one, assigning us parts of a design process in an illogical order. None of my messages questionong this were answered and  the third woman would start doing tasks assigned to me (without letting me know) Then one evening i was given a deadline at 10pm for the next morning at 10am giving me an nerly impossible task. Which i ended up completing (took me all night). 5 mins before turning my work in she informs mw the actual deadline is at 11.30. (And this deadline is still not marked anywhere on the Trello board it should be) So I take the time to make some fine adjustments to the layouts.At exactly 11.30 the other team member sends me a revised list I should have used for the layouts (the items i was assigned to choose for the layout)At the same time the bossy one tells me the actual deadline is at 13.00. And that my layout it "far too perfect"So they remove all the work I have done all night. Without discussion. When I adress them about this bullshit and changing the deadlines etc. I was told it was "for my best" and how important it is to stick to deadlines and and the HR one loses it and sends a chat message "Fuck U Tvegla and Your bullshit"So I left the project but I should still work with her on a future project. Is there any way this could be possible?
http://webmshare.com/play/EED6j
Hey guys, I found a girl on YouTube that might need some assistance. Her name is [BeautyByJess](https://m.youtube.com/user/Beautybaby716).I'll admit she isn't the most likeable person and her channel is kind r/sadcringe material. Anons on the internet are being so awful to her, though.She has mentioned before that she has some mental disabilities and it hurts my heart that people are being so cruel to her. She doesn't even know that they making fun of her.There are several fake accounts that are being used to bully and belittle her. One of these fake accounts is a doting male that is obsessed with her and another is a StyleHaul employee that will supposedly get her hired if she makes certain videos.I don't have a YouTube so I can't message her to let her know what is happening. Any of you Good Samaritans able to gently break the news to her?
I don't know if it's just my school, or alot of other schools but schools don't do anything. I was and still am being bullied and the one time I decided to go to the principal about it, she said that I had brought it upon myself and that it was my fault.My school says it has "zero tolerance for bullying" but it seems like they don't care, at all.
so today at school there is this one kid who punched me on the face and nearly knocked me out i tried to fight back but sadly there were people stoping me... and i really really wanna take revenge but the problem is that this stupid fuck has diabetes i'm afraid that if i hit or do anything to him he would die or something....... should i take revenge or not? (keep in mind he tried to solve things out he told me sorry and stuff and i'm not going to accept it what so ever)
http://aminoapps.com/page/heavy-metal/8838911/cookiegrinder-why-i-left-metal-amino

Não se concebe isto! É preciso resguardar nossos jovens e crianças. Mas, com a diminuição de verbas para educação, isso fica mais difícil!
This kid who's parents died keeps pushing me around when I legit did nothing to him. One day I was chilling with my friends until he pulled my backpack and I fell down  and almost broke my phone. So then I go to punch him in the face, and his mouth bleeds, then kids break up the fight. I started saying that I would take a shit on his parents grave blah blah blah to get get him mad so a teacher can see and he would get expelled. Anyways he kept saying he would beat me up the next day, which he didn't do. I kept laughing in his face. Then I said just because your parents died doesn't mean you have to bully me. Then we discussed, we shook hands and now we're cool. The thing is that now he keeps looking at me weird... he keeps coming behind me randomly putting his hand on my back randomly as if he wanted to hit me. I was doing my homework on the benches and he stood in front of me just looking. When I looked at him he tried to cover it up because he's weird. Anyways the point is, is that he's like twice my size in height, but he is as skinny as a skeleton. What do I do? There's no way I can defend myself, I'm short and he's like almost a foot taller than me!! I have friends that will back me up which I'm so thankful for them, but should I call my friend to back me up, or should I tell a teacher or what? If I tell a teacher, then the kids will all male fun of me calling me a pussy blah blah blah. I don't have any proof if I tell on him, that's the only problem. Please help me I'm desperate. I might just try to make him hit me in front of a teacher so he will get expelled because he's gotten in slot of fights before, surprised he's not expelled yet... 
For school, I have to write a story on bullying from either personal or fictional. Luckily, I am quite "Masculine" fellow myself and where i live, a lot of people are very nice so I have never encountered bullying in any aspect before. I am lost on what to do and wold like to ask the world of Reddit for any ideas and/or stories of yours I can submit. I don't wanna take anyone's story without permission so I am asking you to submit them here. Thank you :D
I get bullied by everyone in my neighborhood just because I am a hardcore fascist. I have no idea why they bully me. No one is nice to me! All i want to do is be friends with anyone that isn't in a minority group. Please can anyone give me advice on how to stop these people bullying me for being fascist. The person next door confronted me in a very harsh manner the other day because he saw me raise my right arm in which he claims was a "Hitler salute" I was not trying to do this at all! I was just dabbing. Please someone help me!



I am trying to get this photo taken down.  https://instagram.com/p/BL7OGyWg_HZ/Thank you for reporting it!
I bullied a kid last year in my spanish class. I just felt the consequences this year. I deserve the hate that I may get. I think its common for the bully to feel guilty. I do feel guilty. But I know that saying that is selfish. Especially on a sub of those who have felt the receiving end of bullying. This kid i used to pick on was smaller than me and I used to do it for cheap laughs. I never verbally picked on him or made fun of him because of his appearance or anything of that nature. But i would mess with him by picking him up or taking his pencil bag. Im ashamed just admiring this to people who will never meet me irl. Whats sad about this is that we used to be friends in the beginning of the year and he is a grade lower than me. I guess our friendship started turning for the worse when I did a few things to bother him. He never told me to stop harassing him but that still isn't an excuse. I would sit with my friends and mess with him. He was kind of awkward and would play video games and curse at the teacher from time to time. I forgot all about what I did over the summer. I remember he told me to go fuck myself and as I left the class on the last day I pushed him. Cowardly I know. I felt awful because I was called in for the harassment earlier this month. At first I denied it. And that was it. Thats how easy it was to get away with bullying. But the next day I decided to tell the truth and admit to some of the stuff I did. then the next day I was called in again. I tried to apologize to him but it wasn't really a sincere apology and I regret that. I got called in again and I finally broke down and admitted that I was a jerk to him and that I took it to far. The punishment isn't whats important and I managed to get off with in school suspension. which I know makes me seem like a bigger ass hole(i know how is that possible)I just wanted to share my experience with this communityWhen people call bullies cowards or insecure. I think for the most part its true. I think the reason I picked on him was because I want people to like me and hate rejection. I think that being socially shunned from certain people really hurt me. And when this kid basically didn't want to be friends anymore because I'm an ass I took it personally and attacked him for it. I never verbally picked on him or struck him but I bullied him and harassed him.Why I'm here is because I really wanted to share my experience from the side of the bully. Im an awful person for what I did. And I was raised better. What I want to do is change but Its sp easy to fall to social pressure and with your friends and pick on someone. What I really want is advice on how to change permanently for the better. Because I tell myself I'm going to change but before you know it I'm an ass hole again. I don't bully other kids, atlas I don't think and I want to find a way for me to not only change the way I treat others but change the way people look at me.But what I regret most is the fact that I never apologized to him. Not sincerely atleast. And what sucks even more is that I can't talk to him anymore in any way shape or form under school orders for a year. I don't think I'm ever gonna apologize but I really want to make sure that he knows that I'm sorry. Maybe I will wait until this year ban from each other is up to formally apologize. But I think for now its best that I avoid him.
bullies are kids with decpeessed and self-stream and don't care about other kids' feelings and life and like it make fun of kids to ruin kids' repution because they feel sad and unhappy.
I'm a high school junior and I ride the bus because I can't drive yet.Okay, so there's these kids that sit in the back of the bus that like to throw stuff at me. Paper, bottlecaps ... They even stuck something in my hair.It's a game for them. It's like, "Oh, let's see whose aim is best. It's basketball practice!"I want to speak up so badly but my school is strict. I know I would get written up if I stood up (I'm a "good" kid, get good grades) and I can't afford that.I am stuck riding the bus. Should I stand up for myself or not?
.Heuristic social values, namely ones that are learned through trial and error,guessing or coerced indoctrination, are completely unnecessary.They represent; bias, bigotry, discrimination, racism, suppression, ignorance, hate, etc..The expectation of people to think and behave a certain way (although all the rage), is just silly. Its purpose is antiquated, in that different communities would have different frameworks for their social values.Therefore, people from one community would be able to identify people from a different community via their social values.Such a philosophy served to protect, and identify possible threats to communities.As well it served to strengthen cohesion, hence ease "top down" manipulation.Hierarchical, capitalistic and machiavellian are the qualities of such a social system, that is hidden under a guise of social; inclusion & freedom.Today, "in" culture assumes the exact same set of inclusionary / exclusionary mores.Where only through exposure and experience can one learn the social values, in order to attain "hardcore" social skills. Although, through all of its delusional, deranged and dissonant featuresnobody seems to be the wiser in curtailing the original problems that everyone has with it. Heuristical learning is never a good way of teaching anything.Clear, salient, concise, written information and education needs to be available in order for any culture, society or philosophy. If not, it simply identifies with the aforementioned representations. The inclusionary necessity of investing time, energy and headspace (only through gated social access) shows that those who do not or cannot (even if willing or able) are unfairly excluded. People are excluded, really only to serve the purpose of example (in threat) towards those "in"cluded.Such social sacrifice is abhorrent, violent and pea-brained.No longer do we cast away our sick and dying. We nurture them in hospitals, with therapy and counsel. However, the only council one will get through such heretical social values, is if one proves valuable to another in some way.The rich get richer and the poor get poorer (socially that is).Most all people complain about financial, racial / sexual inequality.However, the most common inequality is social.antisocial.suspectsociety.orgSociety is evolving...~Oliver.

Over the past year I have been stalked. Gone to police, but nothing could be done. Those of who have been stalked how did you get your life back and how did you move on. 
Many people start campaigns to stop bullying, and who can blame them? We see disgusting actions from other people, yet these anti bullying campaigns where they make you wear pink just don't seem to work. Just last month a video came out of a bunch of Brits beating this kid up in a forest, how to end this madness? Well there is a solution, and I've looked into all other options and to be quite honest I don't see anything that would have a bigger effect. Bullying shall be punishable by death. Yes, to many it may seem extreme, but 10 years down the road it will seem a lot more normal. If every single person feels like "oh shit, I wanna bully this kid so much but if I do I'll get thrown in an oven while my parents watch" then think about how massive the reduction in bullying would be! To see the effect of this law in order, it would obviously start out with several state executions but that would set the example to everyone else so much that it would be a normal fear to become a bully. If you want to see the end of bullying, then there is no realistic choice other than this. If this seems too "harsh" then you must live with bullying and it can not be stopped. On a side note, hope everyone goes to the polls and votes their conscience this election. It's a big deal! Take care and happy Monday. 



Over the last few weeks I have been having serious cyber bullying and bullying happen to me. I am being called names and people are laughing at other people being  mean to me. These two girls have taken all of my friends away from me and I have no idea what to do anymore and I'm in all my classes with them, what should I do?
[This article](http://webdesigningreenville.com/facebook-bullying/) lays out types of bullying. Would welcome comments to add to the list: 1. Facebook Word Bully: Those who start rumors or use sarcasm or demeaning language to humiliate someone on Facebook should be flagged. Verbal bullying typically unfolds in constructed sentences that are meant to penetrate emotions and inflict pain.2. Accessory Facebook Bully: Those of you who stand by and watch a Facebook Bully have his or her way with the victim are guilty. Just like the circle around two fighters on a playground, we’re content to watch an argument unfold. But when that argument begins to degrade or become bullying in its nature, an Accessory Facebook Bully must step in and correct the perpetrator.3. Impulsive Facebook Bully: Stress is typically associated with the bully. These Facebook friends rarely mean to react to a conversation with vitriol, but find themselves posting hateful and degrading language on impulse. We’ve all had a time or two when we realize that we’ve posted something on Facebook we regret saying, and the impulsive Facebook bully lives his or her life constantly deleting those things he or she regrets saying. Or we hope so, anyway.4. Narcissistic Facebook Bully: A self-centered bully who does not recognized the feelings of others and feels no remorse for others and thinks his or her own cause trumps any and all others. Look for those who talk like “me first” and that their own struggles in the past somehow justify the degrading comments being made.
over the 12 year period i was bullied, telling school staff either had no effect or a negative effect. i had effectively learned that in my case, telling adults was a no-no despite all the anti-bullying messages i had received.    but there was one school staff, in my grade 10 year, in Plano TX in a school called Shepton. He was an african american who worked in the principals office, I feel like his name was Mr. Lam or Lamb or something close to that.    In the latest series of things I had to go thru, someone at school had found recent delight in punching me hard in my stomach (imagine the incredible hulk punching tony stark without the suit, bit of an exaggeration but actually fairly accurate in the comparison between me and the guy). I was just sucking it up and accepting the treatment. Someone decided I was worthy to stand up for and told Mr. Lam (I never found out who that person was either but it seems in a world of assholes, some people do stand up for the victim). He called me into his office, gradually began discussing the situation and asked me why I hadn't told anyone and I said flat out that I had lost faith in the education system as a support mechanism and in the past when I told teachers, it never ended well"    He just looked me in the eye and told me "well im different". I obviously didnt believe the guy and just thought "another one who thinks he can make a difference". But this guy actually did, the dude stopped punching me. and then I got into an unpleasant situation with another student and he helped me out there too.    So yea, I would love to get his contact information and send him an email or something thanking him for his service to me as a student but no amount of googling Plano ISD staff information managed to land me his contact information and unless I go back to Texas again and go to some central school database, I am not sure how else I can try and reach him    But I write this post in dedication of teachers who actually do care and do make a difference. You guys are unfortunately rare and the world needs more of you, but the help you give to people like us who gave up on being helped is never forgotten.
My cyberbullying has gotten out of control lately. I'm at the point where I can say that I am more bullied than most people on here. It mostly takes place on an app called Amino, which is an app with different communities for different interests. Out of all of the communities, most of the bullying takes place on Anime Amino, one of their most popular communities. People say things to me like "kill yourself already you fake slut", "you have no tits stop taking selfies ew loli", "cut yourself I hope you pull out a vein", etc.  These things are said both in PM and on my public wall. And it not like I can just report them because the curators are...well how can I say this...they're assholes. They ban people who do the right thing just because they have the power and claim that they "have no heart". One of them even told me that they don't care if I kill myself because they're that heartless. I don't know what to do at this point. I know that I shouldn't be hurt by thing people say online, but I am. I wish I could easily brush them off, but I can't. This happens everyday. Help. (Btw please don't be too harsh or stern)
I constantly torture myself about how I was bullied in college.I have so much pent up anger, things I wish I said, I wish I stood up for myself more, this is just one of the many things that happened during that period, one of the guys that bullied me took my phone out of my pocket and read out my texts to the whole class.Whenever I remember it I get a lump in my throat and get depressed. It was over two years ago now that one year of bullying has made me so miserable. I feel scarred. I have got so defensive, I get angry at my mum so easily and I always feel so angry and guilty that those cunts have caused me to take up the pent up aggression I should have showed towards them on my mum.In high school I got bullied on and off, but it was nothing compared to what happened it college. I have a hard time sticking up for myself due to having an abusive father I think, I usually act like i'm above people that are manipulating and pick on the weak because I truly hate people like that. And it's like because i'm the only one thats not fake and sucks up to these assholes I get picked on because it frustrates these bullies because they can see that I won't even talk to them and treat them as sub-human, I honestly despise them and I know it doesn't do me any favours.I would be so much happier if I could just let go of those horrid memories. My ex was also in that class and she told everyone personal things that I told her, even she fucked me over to get back at me.I get in shock at how much I was abused during that period and I spiral into anxiety and depression, this has been a daily occurrence for like the last 3 years.I just wish I could forget about it but I can't...
I am a 23 year old music producer who was bullied a lot in my childhood. I wanted to create a soundscape about stress, anxiety and despair and throw in direct experiences into the song for a stronger impact. But I'm no longer a student. And to my surprise, finding source material and recordings that don't have a educational narrative or background music on the web has been surprisingly difficult. If anyone can provide source materials for my project, I'd be greatly appreciative. It would of course, remain confidential and if you don't feel comfortable linking it directly, you can PM me.Stay strong and show love everyone.
A Girl Like HerNETFLIX
Hey guys. Yesterday I was at a meeting for one of my college's clubs. It was an easy-going meeting and we all eventually just ended up relaxing and watching YouTube. What happened to me, which I felt was really uncalled for, was another member of the club (who I think is Vice President or has something to do with running the club) came up to me, placed his fist on my groin, and started counting down from 10, saying that if I didn't answer someone's question by 1 he'd hit me. I was stunned and frozen in awe that he, someone I barely know, would do something like this in front of a room of people.A bit of context is needed here, I understand. So someone (the club's president, btw) asked me what the last name of a girl I liked was and I refused to answer her because she was looking her up on Facebook and for all I know she could've messaged her saying I liked her or something. Because I refused, this is why this other member approached me and placed his fist on my groin.I know you're all thinking why didn't I A) punch him/shove him off of me considering he touched me in a really inappropriate manner and/or B) why didn't I go to the police and fill out a report? To answer your question, I was, as previously stated, in shock, and I also didn't want to do anything like that in front of a group of people that I don't know, yet am becoming friendly with (not to mention everyone is friends with this guy... everyone).I spoke to a guidance counselor today about what happened and he asked if I wanted to fill out a report. I denied because I have a meeting tomorrow and I was going to confront this member about why he did that and to also warn him that if he does anything like that again I won't be so nice about it.Do you think I should do what I said or should I (have) handle(d) it differently?




Trying to sleep but it's not working out so well. Laying here I had a thought come across my mind that I have been pondering on for a long time. Why I am the way I am, why i'm someone who is in constant question of everything around me and often myself, why i'm someone who tends to live inside their own head instead of being present like most people seem to be. And then I thought back to when I was ages 5-12 . Something that stuck out in my mind that may have helped shape the way I am and the way I view people was when I was in the fourth grade. I had a teacher that will go unnamed , this particular teacher took notice that I had a hard time paying attention in class and would often draw and write instead of listening to what was being taught. I wasn't doing these things to cause trouble , it's just that even at that age my imagination was something I could't put a harness on. Still cant, anyway this teacher developed a real resentment for me in particular . She first contacted my parents, which is understandable, and then she began saying very demeaning things to me in front of the class and in private. Then there was a specific incident that I still cannot shake even at 26 and it wasn't even the worst thing said to me but for some reason it stuck me life a knife. I had written a short story about zombies that had pictures drawn along with it. Some of the other kids had read it and one kid even recommended I ask the teacher to read the story I had written for the rest of the class. Needless to say I was very proud so with excitement I presented the story to my teacher. She read it and when she finished she looked me in the eyes and said with a look of disgust "That is disgusting and I can't believe you would think that I would read this trash in front of the class". This same teacher went out of her way on a separate occasion to scream at me inches away from my face as loud as she could in front of the entire class at me, humiliating me in front of everyone and bringing me to tears.Not saying this lady is the sole reason for why I question the motive of everything and am socially awkward at times. But I definitely think that this is one of the situations that developed who I am socially. At that point I had been humiliated and teased by other kids quite a bit, but never by a teacher . From around that time aging forward I only socialized with other kids who also felt ostracized from everyone else and began to be violent towards anyone else who attempted to tease me. Sometimes I wonder If I would still be a weirdo had I not been picked on and humiliated in front of kids so much early on. 

I have to tell you a little bit about me before I get into the meat of the discussion. As a kid, I was quiet, timid, nonviolent, I kept to myself, and I was gullible. I was extremely afraid of getting in trouble because of the intense guilt and shame I felt every time an adult scolded me. As a result, I never broke a rule. I was also your typical nerd. I didn't openly talk about my sexual preferences (I'm straight, but not openly objectifying girls made everyone think you were gay and I'm from a pretty conservative part of the country), and I wasn't into sports or anything, preferring cartoons and video games instead.These personality traits made me a prime target for bullies. It ranged from physical bullying (tripping me, pushing me, etc.) to things like mind games. They would fool me into doing something so they could berate me for doing it. It got so bad that most of the time I met a new person or group, it was more likely that they'd bully me than be my friend or ignore me. I got this from boys and girls alike. My parents stopped feeling sorry for me because of how often it happened and instead acted like it was a hassle. Instead of consoling me, it was more like "oh jeez, not this shit again." They kept telling me to stand up for myself, but the school's zero tolerance policy for fighting, plus my fear of getting scolded, kept me from asserting myself.This continued from age 8 until around age 13. As a result of being bullied by so many people for so long, it made me really messed up. I never considered suicide. I saw that as letting the bullies win. If I had the ability to hurt them, like REALLY hurt them without getting caught, I'd have done it. If you've ever read Ender's Game, the way he fought against people who wanted to hurt him really inspired me as a kid. Basically he believed that if you just hit them back or gave them a little shove, they'd come back to hurt you eventually. The goal should be to deny them the ability to fight back. As a result, I often had fantasies where I'd corner my bullies on a dark street or in an abandoned building and break their arms and legs, or I'd keep them prisoner and cut into their skin over and over, giving them just enough time to heal to where they wouldn't die. I never wanted to kill the bullies that hurt me because I saw that as a release from their suffering. I also had fantasies where other bullied kids would band together to form a secret society to do this on a town-wide scale. I also had fantasies of hurting my school administrators, as their draconian zero-tolerance policies and their unwillingness to suspend kids for bullying allowed bullies to exist. This was around the time of the Columbine shooting. Back when the media kept trying to portray the shooters as victims getting back at their bullies (it was later revealed that they themselves were the actual bullies), I actually secretly rooted for them and wished I could have that kind of power.I never acted on these urges. By all accounts, everyone thinks I'm a perfectly normal, well-adjusted human being, but I still have these thoughts from time to time. I'm actually not ashamed of them. If I had a time machine and could go back to help my young self, I'd do it and I wouldn't hold back.

Some kid made my friend paralyzed and I want to hurt him super badly, There is a party and we were both invited is it wrong if I cut off his dick and hit all his limbs?

A True Story - Billies Be AwareThis is a True story about bulling that has a good ending .Watch Sadie's Story:- http://antibullyingproject.com/
Alright, I'll try my very best to keep this brief. I am a 29 year-old male who has been working at a public library in a small town for roughly a year and a half. I enjoy my job mostly--there are downsides as there are upsides to my position. There is a woman who works with me who has always been on my case. Ever since I started, she has never been friendly to me. At first, I chalked it up to her disgruntled self, but now, things are gradually getting worse. For a while, if I ever asked her something, even small talk, she'd avoid me--give me the silent treatment. So I stopped. We rarely cross paths now, but when we do, there's always a problem that arises from it. I try my best to get along with everyone--I'm not a people person, but I try to make the workplace a friendly atmosphere while I'm there. This workplace bully has always shown disdain towards most co-workers, and it falls on management's blind eyes.Lately, even though she isn't my boss, she's been sending me harsh emails listing mistakes I've made. Here's the kicker: the mistakes and moments of befuddlement she's claiming are my fault have never been made by me. I honestly don't know what she's ranting about half the time...so I just ignore the email. She's claiming I do (X) wrong, and I can't do (Y) right...but I haven't the slightest clue what she's speaking of. It's as if the email is meant for someone else entirely.For a bit, I could ignore her. It was moderately difficult, but I could do it. However, in the past month or two, things have gotten worse. On one occasion she's told me to stop working so loudly in a gruff tone. I work in a library and, not to boast, I'm pretty quiet when it comes to work.I confronted her at one point to ask her if I had offended her in some way--I wanted to make things right if I had accidentally stepped on her toes somehow. Of course, with another episode of the silent treatment on her behalf, my question fell on deaf ears.I spoke with my managers about the issue I've been having with this woman, and they won't even speak with her about it. They just keep telling me to continue my work. Kind of hard to keep doing my work when I've got some always-pissed, short-fused monster working with me. Both of my managers have even said, "She's always been like this, we don't know why exactly. We appreciate you staying on, and understand that she's very difficult to deal with, so thank you."That's it? So, a conversation with this woman about her attitude is completely out of the question? Wat?I've reported each email and every incident to my managers with the result of nothing stemming from it.To wind things up: just last week I managed to stand up for myself when she tried to take a task away from me. I wasn't rude, just simply told her that I was working and would like to be left to finish what I was doing. Within a moment, she storms over to her desk, throwing stacks of papers on my desk and books near my feet proclaiming, "Well, work on these too!"Oh, what a job. I dread walking in sometimes, knowing she'll be there. The days when she is out/off are like heaven to me. I've never been rude to this woman--never been off-putting, standoffish, or mean...but she certainly is to everyone else. Advice? Ideas? How can I get the old me back--the person who wasn't afraid to walk in to work? What could I do to make this go away? Any ideas on treating this monstrous situation? It's a shame that we're all adults in the workplace, but some can't manage to act like it. It's beyond me. Simply is.TL:DRWorkplace nut-job makes it hard to enjoy work. She constantly jabs at me via an email or encounter. What can be done to restore peace/deal with this woman?Thanks for the read. Enjoy your day.
This girl at my school is friends with my best friend & has apparently been talking about me behind my back. She's saying some pretty rude things, but I've never done anything to her and she's never said anything directly to my face. I don't understand why she's doing this, but I'm thinking about talking to my best friend tomorrow and seeing what she thinks. I feel like I really need to talk to someone about what I should do, and I know that she's on my side. I would really appreciate any advice I could get, as this is consuming my mind right now. Thank you! 

I don't want anyone to go through what I went through, which is why I had to share my story.



Researchers at Binghamton University are looking for parents, individuals who do not have children, as well as educators and other service providers for individuals with special needs to take an online survey about bullying in children with and without special needs (e.g., Autism Spectrum Disorder). This study has been approved by the International Review Board (IRB). The survey will take up to 40 minutes to complete, and participants may choose to be entered into a drawing that will award $50 to each of 5 participants. Please click the link below to participate or email autism@binghamton.edu with any questions. Thank-you!http://surveymonkey.com/r/BullyingBehavior

So there's the saying "the victim may think it's their fault even though it never is" or something along those lines.    When I try to think back on when I was bullied from a logical point of view, I personally can't help blaming myself. To me, it seems like i was asking for it despite knowing it supposedly isn't my fault.    So, my question is, anyone else here also think they were logically at fault even though that may not be the case?
I was shopping for my 18th with my little sister at a shopping centre and we went into Boots. My sister did her own thing looking at makeup while I was just grabbing some facial scrub. Behind me a few feet away was a little boy and either her sister or mum (she looked like a teenager). The little boy said to her in a failed whisper "that girl looks really ugly". This usually wouldn't annoy me since kids are kids but then his sister/mum agreed with him and really meant it. I felt really upset the whole time and I just stood there waiting for my sister to pay for something.I feel really awful because kids are usually really honest and the fact that someone that's either a parent or my age agreed with him instead of telling him off really drove me mad.
this is for the ones who said that bullying doesn't kill kids....http://imgur.com/a/n3KkG


When I go to school, people call me Oscar the grouch. I don't like this because they mean to say I'm trash. What should I do?
So im in 10th grade, not afraid to admit I got an ego (15M) not the most athletic but skinny, not fuck boy but skater style (sagging pants and long hair snapbacks etc) This stupid fucking cunt thinks he can shit talk me sayin he knows where his waist line is I DOUBT IT Cuz that stupid mexican can't see passed his man tits   All Cuz I sag my pants and ain't I suspect to be starin at another dudes ass??I've never been bullied my whole life really im always chill buy this fucking suspect ass sid the sloth Lookin ass is tryin to shit talk me but I have ppl call me savage God for a reason This fat fuck is in football team def. Cuz everyone knows damn well he can't run far and that shit has gone to his head, like Boi slow down you're not even that good. He's dissing my style when this bitch ain't got a girl and hasn't ever and looks Genuinely ugly as fuck. I don't wanna fight to happen but if we keep having confrontations it could happen. Idk what man im literally just trying to have a good ass time in school IDGAF about anything else and this fucking loser actually bringing me down and actually don't feel bad for calling him poor and fucking Obese during school infront of everyone Cuz this bitch don't wanna respect me, fuck Em But now it's all on my mind idk what I wanna do Sorry for using terms like that but I say offensive things a lot wit friends it's how I talk now so oops  

Hey everyone! I made a video about my experience getting bullied and I offer some advice for those getting bullied. Hope it helps everyone! Thanks!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7wHdo3r-8w
What is bullying? Bullying can be physical, verbal or social. Examples of physical are hitting, kicking, pushing, shoving, etc. Verbal bullying can be name calling, hurting someone emotionally, etc. And finally social bullying can be embarrassing someone in public or exclusion. When I get bullied I usually just ignore the person or say something back. If you're getting bullied you can go to any adult, but the best people to go to would be parents, teachers, school counselors, and even close friends.
For as long as I can remember, my older brother has bullied me, but because we're related, most people view it as acceptable.People constantly tell me to not be so sensitive, and that he does it because he's jealous, but I've had to live with it for years, and I believe that it may be the main cause of my depression.I'm not trying to be over dramatic, I'd just appreciate some friendly advice.


I'm sick of waking up every morning just to go to a school where I know I am going to get made fun of for being overweight. My name is Nathan I live in a small town in Minnesota. I have dealt with being overweight my whole life. I never really got bullied until high school hit and that's when everything went to shit. Anyone have any coping methods to deal with this constant bullying. 
I have no idea where else to put this so I'm posting it hereI'm in college and I'm clinically depressed as fuck (taking tons of meds but they dont do much good)now my previous friends have been unsympathetic as hell to me, making fun of my autism and they kept on shoving pictures of the gay dude that sexually assaulted me, apart from that, one guy acts all tough and he and his friends mock the way the people with Asperger's talk in my course.I have no idea what to do.
Hi. I’m a mother of 2 grown up kids. I’ve just published an eBook on Amazon about bullyproofing your children because one of my kids had emotional issues due to bullying when she was growing up, and they affected her in high school, and later on.Because of her challenges I ended up studying NLP, becoming a Life Coach and doing a lot of research about bullying and how to prevent it. That led me to writing a program called Resilience For Kids – 7 Proven Keys That Unlock Children’s Courage and Resilience.The program is designed to build resilience in young children aged 8 – 11 years old, with the guidance of their parents or caregivers, using scripts and videos. Each activity is really easy to do and highly effective. The program begins with an eBook, which is a quick 20 minute read, and there is a link in the book that enables you to register on my website where you’ll get full access to the whole program which includes the videos and scripts – all included in the purchase price. For a short time only the eBook is available on Amazon US for $0.99 at this [link](http://amzn.to/2coJYua)

I do apologize if this seems too confusing, I'll try my best to be clear.    I'm visiting my immediate family in Texas because my niece was born and I had to come visit her once (I live in Canada) and I'm getting all sorts of mixed emotions right now.    I was bullied alot in school at almost every grade, especially grade 8&9 being the hardest ones. When I moved in with my immediate family from grade 9-12, that began a period of time when not only was I not in a safe environment at school but at home also. I was being bullied at school and also being emotionally hurt and torn apart at home by my brothers and to some extent my parents.    I'm back in Texas with my family for only 3 days (as I decided when I booked the flight that that's all I can stand them) and being back in this house brings so many memories to the foreground that I wish remained in the background. Over dinner, my mum was trying to hold a conversation with me and I literally started having what I can best describe as a mild panic attack or something. Over the dinner table, a memory of a certain injustice came back to me that has happened upstairs and it took some effort on my end to keep my train of thought very internal.    What is even more sad is that, coming back to my family for this visit. The one thing that really made me happy was not the prospect of seeing my family again (that I was dreading) except my niece but being able to see my grade 12 English teacher. I was bullied in her class also but she made the effort of doing her best to make her classroom a safe environment for me and I took notice of that back then and it made me appreciate her so much more. Visiting her was the only real highlight of my visit. I effectively was more happy to see my English teacher as opposed to my own family. That idea makes me feel sad, actually it makes me feel in such a negative and depressive and let down way but I don't know how to word it.




It was great, I cried. 
You see people being bullied all the time during elementary, middle school and high school some people are lucky and don't get bullied but those that do they feel like they can't stand up for themselves they feel hopeless. The very first time I was bullied was in 4th grade I was bullied for being weird I wouldn't do any of the things that were considered "cool" just because of that I was called stupid,weird,ugly I was excluded from group at recess I would go on the swings alone that was basically my life 4th through 6th grade. During those years I learned how to deal with bullies when I would be called names instead of trying to defend myself I would just not acknowledge it I would block out every word and I continued to do my work eventually they would get bored of me and stop. In order to defeat a bully you have to show no emotion they won't continue bullying you if they can't make you feel bad.  

I am looking for stories on girl on girl bullying. What is the worst you have heard of girls doing to each other?
I need help this kid at my school keeps bugging me and being just overall really annoying is there some way to can get him to stop
Anti-social behaviour including; emotional, psychological, physical, sexual and or structural formsof violence, spawns further violence. Violence not limited to; youth suicide, workplace violence,domestic violence, school violence, dissolution of family and friends,and infringement of civil law and moral boundary.As crippling, illegal and immoral as some of theless salient crimes are, they are often; enforced, condoned, “swept under the rug”,forgotten or unheard. Such crimes are responsible for massive amounts of stress and trauma.Both of which are largely preventable within society, through education of emotional intelligence.http://antisocial.suspectsociety.org/
Many people are affected by bullying everyday. Bullying is the art of being extremely rude. It causes deaths each year and affects one's life tremendously. But, it can be fought off. My method of dealing with bullying is easy. I simply ignore any rumors or speculations people have generated of me and continue living my life. If you continue to feed the bullies with your attention, it can become worse. I would recommend to not show your emotions when bullying is taking place. If someone is cyber bullying you, simply turn off your computer. If anyone is physically bullying you, tell someone. Don't just keep it to yourself and allow it to grow. I've had experience with bullying starting from primary school. Through out the years I have overcome the insults, name callings and rude remarks from those who are bullies. It wasn't easy but it's worth to not feel bad about yourself. Even last year as a freshman, a lot of people put me down for everything I did. When I'd try to be nice to someone I just met, they would act like I'm rude towards them. But as a sophomore, no one is bullying me. I have overcome every insult, name calling and rude remarks that was thrown at me. It's simple to stop bullying to happen to you. Just ignore it. Of course you need to tell someone or report it to an adult but don't antagonize it. Don't allow the bully to feel like they're overruling in anyway. Make sure to stay positive too. Showing negative emotions is the exact same as giving the bully more reasons to bully you.


I am not in any sort of contact with the girls that used to bully me throughout grade school and high school, but their harassment still affects me. I haven't seen these girls in years but I still remember the joy on their faces when they called me names, put me down, and post random, unflattering pictures of me on social media. The weird thing is that I thought they were all my friends until they suddenly turned on me in grade school for no apparent reason. Sure I was a little chubbier than them, not as pretty as them, and I was going through my awkward puberty stage. But I was nothing but nice to them and I did nothing to warrant their rude behaviour. I should have stood up for myself but I was too scared. Now, several years later I still feel down about the way they treated me and I just want to know from all of the other bully victims out there, how do you just forgive and forget? 
primeiramente elas fingiram ser amigas, depois elas começaram a me implicar eu quero vingança EU MESMO ex: se vc mandar alguem mata-la você não vai sentir o mesmo tesão de vc ir lá mata-lase algum hacker generoso conseguir executar meu trojan no pc dela ficaria muito grato, não tenho o contatos dela AINDA (caso venha um hacker generoso peso a um amigo meu para passar contatos dela)já até sonhei que eu estava TORTURANDO elas e gostei do sonho, mas não adianta só sonhar,pq ficar só dormindo não altera em nada na vidajá planejei sequestro, mas não consigo realiza-lo pelo fato de eu ser menor (não posso dirigir e nem ter conta bancária) e não ter granaeu não quero ir denuncia-la, vou ganhar fama de X9, não vou me vingar e tambem ela pode me processar porque elas descobriram uma merda que eu fiz no passado (hoje em dia fofoca se espalha mais que aids) NÃO ADIANTA FALAR QUE EU NÃO VOU DENUNCIA-LA
I told my friend to call the police on him cause he won't stop threatening her and saying vulgar stuff about her. He doe's this every night and she cries to tears :(If she's not gonna go and tell I'm gonna call her school and tell them what's going on.I told her It's now against the law to bully some one online, she's so frighten of this low life loser if he wasn't 17 he would got a beating but It's best if I call the school and let them know what's going on.
I don't really want to give to much info away. Lets just say I was born in country X and right now I go to an international school in country X as I have lived overseas for quite some time. This is my second week in school and I accidentally walked in front of a teacher in one of the hallways. The teacher then said how I was acting like people from country X and said that everyone here likes to cut people off when walking and have no sense of direction. I know that I am wrong and I should have payed more attention to my surroundings. I am not really offended by this but I feel like it is some sort of racism and I keep thinking about it. Am I just someone that gets triggered easily or is this real racism? 
So I'm a teenager and I get the public bus home from school, I get it with a few friends (not proper friends, we just kind of talk because we get the same bus)There is one guy who seems to have a dislike for me and he does this thing where he keeps me past my stop, 99% of the time I get off or he lets me go at the last second but recently he's not letting me go and I'm forced to physically push past himHe would of actually kept me onThere's actually two of them that do it and some of the other guys do help me get off and stuffI don't *really* want to make it physical and hit him but if I need to, I willSo his personality is something like - cocky arrogant and thinks he owns the world, he says he does it because it's "fun"So tomorrow I *really* need to get off at my stop but I'm worried he will hold me on, what do I say to him or do to him to make him stopLike I said I don't really want to make it physical but that's mainly because there's two of them
In middle school and I get insulted a lot behind my back. In my classes I always hear people talking about me behind my back and no one says anything to my face. Should I confront them or should I just not mind them? 

An interesting new application of electronic paper: www.visionect.com/blog/epaper-community-hub-against-bullying"The Community HUB has been developed from scratch to detect risk factors among youth. The HUB allows the students to report violence anonymously and safely, by answering a few simple questions on a robust and easy-to-read epaper screen."

[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/0WipUZ1.png)Received this nasty email from this guy trying to scare and say hurtful things to me into giving him free stuff. Want to help spam?Name: Paul SaboNumber: 2163102927Email: pas180939@yahoo.com
Teachers and other adults would tell you to tell an adult. DO NOT DO THIS!!!!!!!! I will repeat. DO NOT DO THIS!!!!!!!! If you tell a teacher or another authority figure that someone is bullying you, then that bully will come after you harder than ever, both physically and verbally. If you are being bullied (unless you have good comebacks) then you unfortunately will just have to put up with it as long as possible. If it gets to the point that this he/she hits you, FIGHT BACK!!!!!!!! I know you might get whipped but you'll gain some respect and the bullying will either stop, or it'll just be more tolerable. If you're getting to the point of self harm and/or suicidal thoughts/attempts. Then start the fight. Again you might get whipped but you'll gain some respect and the bullying will be more tolerable or stop all together. Good luck to those who are being bullied, I've been there, I know it's rough, but stay strong and don't let them win.
https://youtu.be/xExbMubwNWA

so basically it recently got out that i mostly like girls that have short hair and are sort of tomboyish. now people are making fun of me left and right and its really annoying. it makes me basically ashamed that i like girls like that. what do i do for this? by the way i'm in tenth grade.
I don't often post or comment on much - I just dismiss it as a byproduct of what I think is social anxiety.  When I was young, I was bullied... not just picked on, as some dismiss as typical kids... I was 100% bullied..Threatened, beaten, made fun of, and ridiculed in front of classmates (the movie CARRIE style, but without the satanic revenge).   I grasped the thought of weekends and school days off just to have that feeling of peace and safety... only to return, time and time again to what is etched in my being.  Sure, my parents told the school, the bus driver... but nothing prevented, it only surfaced the embarrassment that came after.  I know others have similar stories as kids, however; I often find that those times have carried too heavy into adulthood, and have molded me in a persona that only knows how to be picked on.  I laugh it all all the time, as I re-live the ridicule at work as coworkers talk down to me when I'm to assume they're  kidding.  If you ever meet me...I am completely self aware of my stuttering, my fidgeting, oddness in speaking, my introversion.... yet I desire to be a friend. I have a backstory on my bully and what became of him, which I can continue at a later date.  Curious of others who have been and how you deal with it in adulthood with having children now... and if you know what happend to your bully/s?
This guy at my school always messages me and tells me to kill myself, says it in person too. I have the messages saved.. But the other day I had enough of it, and made threats that I want to kill him. I can't remember if it was over text or in person, he might have proofIf I go to the office at my school and reported him for cyber bullying me, could he use that against me and have me punished as well?
Today i found an old Cyber Bully who i had problems with. Hes a reallly bad racist. He made alot of his Informations Public on Steam.Adress Phone numer and more... http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198201456617 if you want to see. Some backstory.he was slandering me alot. Calling everyone jew backstabbing everyone and more. I even sued him but nothing happened. Dear Internet, can you help me on revenge?
I always had a hard time fitting in in grade school and high school. I could never socially adapt.  Plus there were home troubles, my brother was sick with lupus (attacked his kidneys), my dad had become a slave to oxycotin, my mom had breast cancer. I often felt ridiculed by quite alot of my peers and by high school I had begun to form what I can only call a loathing attitude toward most people.Freshman year of high school in gym class  we were playing floor hockey. I was playing with (in my mind against) a kid from my grade school who had sometimes given me a hard time, and still gave me a cold shoulder. The negative energy from just being near this prick made me snap and I repeatedly bashed  the crap out of the front of his shins with the hockey stick. It was satisfying, he was yelling "AHHH what the H***" the teacher either didn't see or let me get away with it because he did like me and probably understood. then we just kept playing and he stayed clear from me for quite some time. That was probably the first time I lashed back ever, and the only time that was physical. I was pretty skinny so I wasn't gonna chance myself in a fight. I've done other things though, like verbally emberassing some, and I've even scratched the paint jobs on a few cars (one was a REAL nice BMW) they all had it coming I think. It's been a few years since I've graduated high school and my heart still burns with hatred when I think of the ridicule that I put up with all those years. I really feel as if I was walked on emotionally and sometimes I just had to push back. If I see some of those pricks on the street today (the worst ones who stole from me, taunted me when girls would talk to me, made me feel completely worthless) I feel like I might just strike them, try to break their nose or something. I feel nothing but disdain toward them
It just seams like yesterday we got bullied in the face. These days most of us get bullied online and it make me feel sad because when kids get bullied online their too scared to go to school or too scared to get out of the house and end up battling with depression or anxiety and some even commit suicide because of it. Cyber bullying just needs to stop and if it doesn't stop soon there will be no future for us all.

To keep things short, I'm part of a Facebook group with a few guys that I know. There are a few guys that I don't know and one goes by an Alias. This guy has made my life awful, constantly ripping on me and even bringing my dead father into it. I just found out he's a teacher at Duke university which makes me even more mad. I have no idea who else he's been harassing this way. Sorry I just needed to vent.





I'm nearly 18 with a younger sister that's 5 years younger. She constantly bullies me mentally and if I don't do what she says then it gets physical. My parents know and understand but they can't control it when we are at school. She has both ruined friendships and my self esteem. Please help!

Hello everyone, first post on reddit ever, I'm gonna reel off a story about my experience with bullies and how I dealt with them. ***Long story alert***About 8 years ago, I attended a middle school over in Maryland, I had just moved from out of state and left all my old friends behind. I had encountered some bullying before this point, but it was never extremely pronounced. So I was a little on my guard, but I tried to keep an open mind.  I had been picked on before by kids and even their parents, mainly because I have tourettes and the fact that I was 'odd' to them. I was even excluded from a birthday party which included EVERYONE from the school, except me. Despite my best efforts,  began to experience intense animosity towards me because I wasn't fitting in, I just didn't know what I was doing wrong or what to do. Every single day I walked into school, at least 3 or 4 guys would start picking on me, calling me names, insulting my family, pointing out my weight and just outright making my day hell, this even happened during certain classes. This continued for about 2 years, I tried very hard to ignore it and I even brought the problem to the school staff members and even the councillor, the response? Boys will be boys. Some of them did try to help me more than others, but there wasn't much they can really do, it seemed like their hands were tied. At this point I just felt utter despair and I was horrendously depressed, no one was willing to help/listen, and it felt like no one cared. I ate my lunch alone every day in a cantina filled with people who would try to blank out my existence. I was an eyesore they wanted to forget. But I didn't let them, one day I got so sick of their shit, I called the main bully out for a fight. It wasn't a rational decision, and this is the only time I've ever responded like this, those who know me IRL, know that I'm actually quiet and I am always respectful to people, sometimes too much so! Anyways, bully McToothless Mcgee becomes very cocky, saying that he'd knock me out and that I wouldn't even hit him once. I saw red, I landed one good punch to his nose, and the bully went flying. It was biblical, the shock in the room was palpable. At this point his buddy who happened to be nearby attempted some impromptu damage control, he essentially tried to hold me back and stop me for going in for second helpings of whoopass. He suceeded, only because I left of my own accord. This is not an endorsement to hurt people or do ANYTHING that I did, I'm just relaying this story because some of you might find it interesting :) TLDR:Punched bully, never got bullied again, actually got major street cred going into high school (faculty even high fived themselves when they heard this kid got rekt.)  
This is based partially on life experience, finding myself on the receiving end of bullying/exclusion at more than one point in my life. But it also arose from working in a mental health classroom for middle schoolers and watching the bullying dynamic in action--observing who becomes a bully and who becomes a victim, and observing how victims attempt to end the cycle and either succeed or fail. I have also tried to apply psychological principles with which I am familiar as I draw my own conclusions, although I am by no means a psychology expert. Just a layperson who works in a field where psychology is often a topic of conversation.None of the following observations are directly research-based per say, unless I say so. But I’ve found myself frustrated by lack of research surrounding the issue of what makes a person a target for bullies and why. Plenty about why bullies bully. Little about the victims. Even less about how victims can learn to protect themselves and break the cycle.I invite you to point out where you think I might be wrong and add your own thoughts.**Let us start at the beginning--why does bullying happen?**Research is conflicted on whether bullies tend to have high or low self-esteem, whether they are popular or unpopular themselves.I would argue this is because there is no one kind of bully, but rather several, and also that bullying may be the result of a group dynamic that has nothing to do with any one person. In short, anyone might be a bully given the right conditions, but some people bully as a lifestyle choice based on internal personality traits/experiences.I have identified what I think are five inter-related causes for bullying. Most bullies are opportunistic, which means they bully when the situation arises, the suffering of their victim being merely an afterthought rather than the goal. More targeted, cruel kinds of bullying intended to inflict pain on the victim usually only occur when the victim is perceived as “deserving,” with the exception of sociopathic bullying. Understanding all these differences is essential for understanding how the bully chooses their target (and therefore essential for understanding why you might get chosen as a victim over and over again).**Bullying happens when...**1) An attempt is being made to promote group cohesion among people thrown together who might otherwise not get along or have much in common. Unfortunately this situation could arise anywhere, for anyone… most workplaces and classrooms are filled with people who have disparate interests and no real reason to maintain a relationship, except that they have to because they are at work or school. What do you talk about in that circumstance except other people you know... and probably mutually dislike?2) The bully is insecure and bullies to deflect negative attention from themselves. They often, at least at first, only bully when their own fear of becoming a victim is triggered in some way. If this strategy works they may begin to bully pre-emptively even when they are not being threatened.3) The bully sees qualities they dislike in themselves in their victims and they are projecting their own self-hatred. (I know this to be true based on internal observation. I have to control my instant, knee-jerk dislike of girls who remind me of my worst fears about myself or have characteristics for which I have been teased in the past, like being “weird” or “talking too much.”) This is closely tied to reason #2, but they can exist independently, especially if an insecure bully has used bullying successfully in the past to protect themselves and is now striking pre-emptively wherever they go.4) The bully is amused by the suffering of others (a sociopath). Not much else to say about that except that it's rare.5) The victim is perceived as “deserving” their treatment. This is closely tied in to jealousy, which I have decided to collapse into this category for reasons I will explore later on. But remember, this is a *perception* on the part of the bully/bullies, not a *fact.* No one, not even the meanest person in the world, deserves to be bullied.Ironically an insecure bully only worsens their self-esteem even if they may earn social status. They are always afraid that if they don’t bully they will become the next target, and if their victim reminds them of themselves, they have affirmed that the qualities they are targeting are indeed socially undesirable.So let that be a lesson to us victims--never bully to protect yourself from bullying. It can only make you feel worse about yourself, even if you successfully manage to avoid the victim role as a result. That is not to say, however, that you shouldn’t fight a little dirty in order to protect yourself. A lot of victims feel they can’t “fight back” because they don’t want to “stoop to [the bully’s] level.” Keep in mind that it’s not bullying unless there is an imbalance of power. Defending yourself against powerful people or a group that outnumbers you, and who have also clearly shown they mean you harm, cannot be considered bullying and is therefore by definition not “the same” as what the bully is doing to you. You have a moral obligation to be kind to others, but you also have a moral obligation to be kind to yourself, because you are no more or less important than anyone else. If you fail to protect yourself from people who are hurting you, you are failing in a moral obligation, just as much as if you were being unkind to someone else. As long as you are doing only what is necessary to protect yourself--anything more turns into vengeance and cruelty--then you are doing the right thing. At least in my book. I will return to this later.Once the cycle of bullying is set in motion, reason 5 becomes a factor in some way or another even if it wasn’t present initially. A bully does not want to see themselves as a bully. If they acknowledge they are being systematically mean to another person, they have to tell themselves that person deserves it. They may have to grasp at straws for a reason, but they will find it. Think about it. We all have done this at some point or another. We are reactively mean to someone, realize it, and tell ourselves the other person deserved it rather than admit we made a mistake.Insidiously, this causes the victim to believe they deserve it as well. Why else would everyone be picking on them? Most cruelly, this can set the victim up to be a victim over and over again, because they will unconsciously tell people in the future “I deserve to be treated like crap.” Again, more on this later. But no one deserves to be bullied. Ever. No matter how weird or socially awkward or even mean they might be. (And in my few years of teaching middle schoolers I have never ever, not once, seen a kid get excluded because they were too mean. Mean kids may not be the most well-liked, but they are also rarely bullied.)Why is are these 5 bullying causes important? The dynamics that caused the bullying to arise will determine greatly what kind of person is chosen as the victim. Which I'll put in a separate post--I get bullied for talking too much after all lol.**Note:  how does all this happen below the level of people’s conscious awareness?**I struggled with this for a long time. It’s not as though people are explicitly thinking “I need to pick on someone to feel good about myself” or “we need to hate on this one person to make sure we get along with each other.” But then I realized… that’s just it. They’re NOT consciously thinking about it. If they were they wouldn’t do it. It’s just a natural result of insecurity that you have to be consciously aware of to prevent yourself from acting on it. If you think about it, it’s easy to see how people might strike on the topic of hating one person by accident and find it’s the only thing that holds them together, the only thing they have in common. Or how they might reflexively lash out at someone who reminds them of themselves or their mother, without realizing that's what they are doing.So I stand by my analysis above.




So, I'm a girl thats about to go to college. My life have always been filled with bullies or shitty friends. And several people around me have been putting me down and such. Like the prievious friend of mine constantly reminded me of that Im not as good as her and another kind of ''de-friended'' me when my grades dropped to gpa 3.6 and then she tried to kinda push me out of the friend circle. So, needlessly to say I suck socially and am pretty much suspicious of my surroundings and people around me.As I said. Im about to go to college away from my previous friends and want to try and change and make some nice friends that doesnt try to push me out of the friendcircle or make me feel all alone/bad/stupid. But I dont know how. Seriously, how do people make friends? I dont even dare to start a conversation! T-T Ehrm... yea like during my high school there was several people I kinda '' admired'' from afar and really wanted to friend but I dont know how to get to know them or strike a conversation without being an idiot. So, I hope whoever reads this can help.And remember Im quite an introverted and a huge nerd. Like I've seen all episodes of game of thrones, naruto and read more than I game lol. Please bare that in mind if you wanna suggest something XD
Here's a really good video about how to deal with bullies. It gives lots of practical real world advice you won't find it a lot of places.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUEQldk_9vo

I have a youtube channel and I don't usualy get touchy, but I think it needed to be done. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nV3OmC-b7_A&feature=youtu.be I have been dealing with it recently and doing this on my own is hard, but it has gotten better. I have been going on with my life, doing my hobbies, and getting work done. I know it is harder for more people out there, but trust me, give it time and it will get better! 
discuss.


but i feel like im not the right person for that sort of thing because the effects on me are still strong and im not someone you'd call mentally healthy. 
Hello, Due to to my appearance people have been calling me fat, and I try to eat less, but whenever I eat less I feel weak. I also try to stay active as I go cycling every week, people call me fat because I have a big build, and I have big bones I am not overweight, I am a sophomore in high school and I can't take any more harassment 



My Odyssey Online article this week is for my best friend. There’s a lot that you can do to make a girl break… to make her really break. Take a read and share if you like it! :)https://www.theodysseyonline.com/letter-to-my-best-friends-bullies
So I was bullied because I didn't have money, wore the same clothes often, smelled funny, and was really bad at sports. I was also annoying. I didn't speak English well until 3rd grade. I was bullied from 2nd to 12th grade. It has made me really hate people and become very pessimistic and cynical. I can't make friends because of that. And I don't want to date because being emotional feels uncomfortable. I genuinely believe there aren't any good people out there. I went to Coast Guard Academy prep school and faced racism. I thought the military was the one place racism wasn't supposed to exist. I guess I was wrong. I take naps often to not think about my pessimistic attitude and not having a social life. I feel like I'll become a bully to others because the world fucked me.  I don't want to hear there are good people are out there shit because 9/10 times people are apathetic shit bags. people are just motivated by self-interest and every act is inherently selfish. 
My story about bullying is pretty much lifelong.I was bullied by my first grade teacher and roommate and her daughter. My teacher picked on me for having a disability and regularly wrote notes to my mom to complain about my behavior. Most of the behavior was a result of my disability, but she thought it was just me being a brat. As for the roommate, she would call me and her daughter an idiot, bastard, all sorts of ugly language. Then, because she smoked like a chimney, my pet bird died one day. She left the body for me to find.The rest of elementary school was mostly fine, except for bullying by daycare teachers. They would tell me I was spoiled for wanting a blue cup for juice. Once I had a huge adult daycare teacher wrestle me to the ground because I refused to hand over a toy. And I had another teacher grab stuffed animals from my hand and scream in my face. Plus I decided I disliked my birth name, and they would regularly refuse to honor my wishes to not be called that. They even went as far as to say I wasn't allowed to sign birthday cards under my chosen name. (One of the workers even said "I should just cut your name out. Do not sign a card with that name again.") I simply stopped signing birthday cards after that incident.Grade six, I left that daycare and still did experience bullying. In school, I had the principal picking on me and my mom because she didn't like an autistic 12 year old walking home from school alone. And there was one kid who bent my fingers back, punched me, you name it. All because he decided not to be my friend anymore. Since I was bullied in school, I turned to the Internet and message boards. I was bullied by a lot of members on there, but I did manage to make some friends. Shout out to any of those friends who are reading this.Middle school brought some really severe bullying, both in school and on the Internet. The first day of middle school (Grade seven), a kid was spreading a rumor that I wanted to make babies with a stuffed animal I had. The online bullying from grade six continued, with new people joining in. I joined more and more boards and with the friends came bullies and people who victimized me. Some adults would cheer on my bullies, who were also kids like me. One example I remember was once, I posted a story where a kid said I had an IQ of one. Internet guy said *Cheers on the guy bugging Chipl95* Plus there was one kid who would make up stories to tell teachers just to get me in trouble. And my final example from grade seven- a teacher wrestled me to the ground as punishment for needing help on something.When grade eight came, I got into online gaming. I was regularly called a slut, hoe, and baby tits. This was also when the in school bullying got worse. Kids would come up to me and say "I want your laptop. Give it to me or I will kill you." The death threats began in general. Someone sent me a Facebook message saying "I will get you, you little freak!" I did not report this. All the bullying combined to make me consider suicide as an escape. I never attempted it, but I seriously considered ending my life.
A long time ago, I joined a forum. I would talk and actually try to post and be nice to people. One day someone decided to target me and use personal things I said on an old profile I had online to use against me and shame me. Though I have not been actively harassed, the site saying awful things about me and my life is still online for people to laugh and make fun of me. The hardest part is saying that it doesn't bother you, when deep down, it gets to you from time to time. Makes you feel like the world is a cruel place. I still to this day try to ignore it because these people don't really know me or who I am. I try to rationalize the fact there are people out there who like me and love me for who I am and that the words of internet trolls shouldn't make me think less of myself or my life. Everyone goes through phases in life, and all you can do is strive to be a better person and learn from injustices that happen in your life. There is one quote I found online that really helps me feel better and it reads:"When a toxic person can no longer control you, they will try to control how others see you. The misinformation will feel unfair, but stay above it, trusting that other people will eventually see the truth, just like you did."Hopefully this will help someone through hard times.




My friend needs someone to ddos this pedophile thats threatening her with nudes can anyone find out his IP address by Kik and send like police to his house? please someone help! 
I was bullied pretty badly in middle school.  As a 40-something year old parent, I like to think I'm pretty well adjusted, but twice in the last year each of my children has been bullied, and I went ballistic.  After the fact, I was able to joke that I've become the Israel of bullying, where any transgression will be met with an enormous display of force; but I'm not sure that's right either.  My wife thinks I might have PTSD.


I'm a 14 year old girl who is really against bullying and I've tried getting people involved with helping kids who are being bullied at school. I know there's nothing you can do to stop it, but we can at least help kids feel welcome and everything. I'm going to be freshmen in a month and planning on having discussions with my new principal about this new anti bullying club I and another girl planned. Hopefully it'll bring every other kids together to stand against this 😅 What I'll be talking about is my experience with bullying and how it shaped me to be the person I am today. And maybe we can talk about our experiences in the comments.. So I was born in a town in Indiana. It was the place where I grew up and met my closest friends at school. As a fourth grader, I was pretty shy around my peers and never really talked to them. The only people I'm comfortable around are my best friends, because we were some of the biggest weirdos ever in a good way. We were all dorks and that pretty much caused the "popular" people to tease us, but we didn't exactly care. As long as we stuck together, no one could bring us down like they tried to do. They would call us nerds and weirdos. Of course it kind of bothered me slightly, because we weren't doing anything bad to them and I was pissed of, but yet opinions didn't matter. At the end of our fourth grade year, I was a bit down cos I'll miss my friends. They were going to be out of town for the summer, so it was just me spending time with family at our awesome trailer court. Seriously, it was like a campground. Anyways, in the middle of June, we found out that we were evicted from our home. I didn't understand what was going on or what that meant, but I was a bit nervous seeing my parents in distress. Probably our worst summer spending time at a campground for a month. But after that, my mom finally found an apartment in this small town. We were happy that we finally found a place to live in, yet I was disappointed at the same time because that meant I wouldn't see my best friends anymore.. They didn't had any social media and I wasn't allowed to be on the phone at the time so... They never saw me again (for a while). Fifth Grade story: When school came up, I was extremely nervous because that meant I would meet new people at this new school. For a small town I'm living at, this school is very beautiful and pretty large too. I remember walking in my classroom and seeing my new classmates staring me with wide eyes. I was introduced and everything, but I just got this sudden feeling of anxiety and I wouldn't talk to anybody... at all. The first couple of months were alright, because I met some friends. But they didn't exactly hang out with me at recess and I was always by myself at the swingsets. Because the new students always get left by themselves at first, right? Well actually, no one liked me. A "friend" of mine said that kids called me the weirdest girl ever, because I'm always quiet and would walk around the playground by myself. A girl even came up with a rumor about me talking to myself in a weird, creepy way. At first, I just shrugged it off cos I knew it wasn't true and and everyone is weird. There's nothing wrong with being weird. But I guess they meant the bad kind of weird, so let's continue.... Two new girls arrived in our class and they were more talkative than I was. So they eventually made more friends than I did and were part of the "popular" crowd. This really pissed me off, because I'm still new yet I'm the only new girl that spent time by herself at recess. I felt like a piece of shit, because no one ever asked me to play with them or anything. I have veeeeery bad social problems and incredibly shy, so I never asked anyone to hang out with me. Even when I did, they just kind of blew me off and left me alone. Recess sucked day, after day after day, after day.. Being alone and unwanted is one of my worst fears. And that's exactly what was happening.. In science class, the whole class were working on these winter projects for Christmas. I came to class at this day late and everyone else had a partner besides me, so my teacher told me to just sit down and work by myself. I'm pretty relieved at this. I hate partner/group work... a lot. So I sat down and began working on a small picture. I glued some snowflakes on it and yeah. I'm minding my own business until I heard these two boys in front of me whispering things about me; "Skylar (my name) is working alone again. Not surprised, because she's weird anyways.." and, "I feel kind of bad though. But oh well. No one cares." Fifth grade year was the worst. Suffered from anxiety ever since I came to that school and I fucking hated it. I hated every single person, because all they did was put me down for being shy and weak. I would never speak up and stand up for myself, because I was shy and weak. I hated being shy. I hated it. These two girls were talking about how stupid I was for not knowing how to say no. I'm a very kind person and barely say "no" to people, because it was better to make someone feel happy. That's another problem I hated is that I would let people walk all over me. I feel like all of this is my fault, because I'm too nice to people and let people bully me for who I am... After Christmas, my mamaw passes away from cancer and that's when everything just falls apart. My mamaw was kind of like a second mother to us grandchildren, because she knew our insecurities and problems. She knew how to make us feel better. She was always there for us and was everyone's best friend. But she died and my mom is now suffering from depression. I missed almost two weeks of school, because my mom didn't felt comfortable letting us in school yet. My heart was completely broken into pieces. Days after praying to God to make her feel better, I lost faith in Him because nothing was ever getting better. Living in this town made everything miserable for all of us. When I came back to school after two weeks of being gone, the bullying continues. More insults and people would try their best to humiliate me in front of the class. At that point, I'm just a pissed off little eleven year old girl and I would get a temper tantrum when I came home everyday. Running straight to my bedroom, punching walls and pillows. My mom finally calmed me down. We were playing a little game of Uno that night and I completely ruined it for everyone else. After calming down, I finally wished death upon those who were bullying me by screaming, "I wish they would all burn in Hell already!" Complete silence in our apartment. My brother and sister didn't know why I'm acting this way, so they just stayed away from me. I remember this one day, I came home crying because of the bullying that was happening. Kids were just yelling at me whenever I said the wrong answer in Language Arts and I knew they were doing it on purpose to embarrass me. I was asked out as a joke in the fucking fifth grade and of course, it still hurt me. I still got called bad names. I just remember lying beside my mom in bed while she tried comforting me and I just drifted off to sleep. She had me stay home the day after that happened and she called the school about it. So in class, my teacher had this lecture about bullying and didn't mention me at all which I was relieved about. She talked about the consequences and knew what I was going through cos she glanced at me a couple of times. And at that point, she started yelling. She knew how it felt. Our science teacher was kind of rough on us, but she deeply cared about us all and wanted us to be happy no matter what. I love her for that. I remember her saying, "You guys may think that bullying is cool, but imagine being that kid feeling bad about themselves. Imagine being in their shoes. It's not fun, is it? So knock it off." I pretty much took that advice and would never make someone feel bad about themselves. The classroom remained silent after that talk and we went back to work... Best talk I've ever heard from a teacher.. The bullying cease after that talk. What I was excited about is that it was almost the end of my fifth grade year. During that month, I met a girl at recess and we talked about things. And eventually, we became very good friends. I was pretty excited, because I finally had someone to hang out with. Her name is Stephanie and she was friends with almost everybody in our grade and the fourth grade kids. So she was pretty popular with our school. At first, I thought we were going to be best friends forever. But when the sixth grade came, I thought my life was going to fall apart.. Sixth Grade story: So life is going pretty well for me in late 2013. I had my best friend with me and we were always partners during group projects. I'm happy about this, because that feeling of loneliness started to cease a little. Although there were days where my best friend kind of... blew me off once in a while and wouldn't talk to me for days for some reason. I didn't know why, but... It happened throughout the school year as if it was an on-and-off friendship. I never did anything wrong to upset her, but I just shrugged it off and let her have her own space. There was this one time I came back from the library and my best friend told me a boy in our class called me "retarded" after passing out papers. I didn't know why he called me retarded, but okay... She said it was because I didn't had my name tag in front of my desk and he didn't know where I sat. So he called me retarded for it. It wasn't really my fault, because my teacher never gave me a name tag in the beginning. So I don't really know why the fuck he called me that name. I hate that name for some reason. I don't know why, but I just do.. I guess it was because to some people, it meant "stupid" or something. Obviously, he's the stupid one because he fell out of his chair a couple of times for bending over his chair when teachers told him NOT to many times. But that really pissed me off. The sixth grade was going great so far. I meant my crowd of people and we would stay as a group when we were working on projects although I was sometimes left out of pictures. No one really invited me to their house on weekends and I'm the only friend left out. It didn't really bother me since I had my own laptop now. Hey Arnold! is my favorite show and I would watch that show on YouTube all the time. I'm also a very huge fan of deathcore (any kind of metal actually), so I would listen to bands like Suicide Silence and Chelsea Grin. Shit like that would put me in a better mood after bad days at school. My friends kind of got the idea that I'm okay by myself, so they just kind if... forgot about me. I wasn't okay with it. I got angry one day and said, "Why do you guys keep leaving me behind?" and Stephanie is just like "Oh, were sorry. We didn't know you wanted to come" or some stupid excuse like that. I begin to dislike Stephanie when 2014 finally arrived, because she always gave me an attitude and would rather spend time with our friends without me being involved. That's until it hit me. They don't care about me. This is how I know why; at lunch, I was sitting at our normal table and just minding my own business. Stephanie asks me a question that I didn't really expect.Stephanie: Hey, I have a question.. Me: Okay, what's up? Stephanie: Um, I'm not trying to be rude or anything... But why are you always sitting with us? I mean, there's a whole bunch of other tables to sit at. Of course, I was shock and my feelings were pretty hurt. It made me feel unwanted. Me: Well, because you guys are the only close friends I have. Stephanie: It's getting kind of weird though. All you do is just sit there and never talk so... Me: ... Okay. I felt like a piece of shit for the rest of the day. I didn't know this was how they felt about me. At first, I thought I found my friends. But they treated me like shit. They just kind of treated me like I didn't exist and I was by myself again. At recess. Every. Single. Fucking. Day. From. Now. On... Again. Of course, I continued got bullied by my peers. One kid said that the reason why no one liked me was because I'm weird and pathetic. After March passed, I thought I had enough. I was done with feeling alone and like crap. All I felt was hatred and whenever I did, I would stay in my bedroom and just do my own thing such as listening to music. I never threw any tantrums like I did before, because I was just emotionless and didn't know what it felt like to have feelings anymore. My parents were getting divorce and with my mamaw gone, I never felt so alone in my life. I begin to have thoughts of running away back to my hometown and finding my old friends or just hurting myself. The last two years of living in that town ruined me and it was just better dying. I needed someone to talk to. I talked to my nurse about it after telling a recess teacher I'm having these thoughts. And when I was done, I broke into tears. I held on to this pain for so long and I finally lost it. They called my mom that day and the look on her face really broke my heart. I mean, I didn't had attempt suicide but she knew how I was feeling and didn't want me to suffer any longer. So I took therapy after the sixth grade year ended. None of my "friends" knew what was going on, but I didn't care. They could careless anyways. Therapy kind of helped me, but I'm still filled with so much sadness after the dark days living in that town. I'm glad that summer vacation came and I never saw my so called friends again. When my parents got divorced, my mom decided to move back to my old town. After hearing about that, I got extremely excited because that meant seeing my friends again. For some reason, that manage to lighten up my mood and my depression started to cease. I'm no longer going to live there anymore. I was never happy moving there in the first place and I was finally coming back... Home. I'm now a seventh grader in middle school in late 2014. When I first walked in that school, I saw all my friends and they were excited to see me come back. We caught up on some things and I told them about my dark days in grade school. Of course, they were upset but it didn't matter. The only thing that mattered was that I'm happy again and I never had those bad thoughts again. My two years in middle school are one of the best years I had in a loooong time. I met my friends again, made new memories, I finally found faith in God again, went to Youth Group on Wednesdays cos they were pretty fun and were deep, had fun, I'm going to be in a band for church soon, started a relationship with my boyfriend, and I'm just living my life like I did back in 2012. Okay, my mamaw died and my parents are divorced. They did had an effect on me just like how I was getting bullied, but I shaped me up to be a better person. I'm now more confident and been involved with church events such as helping people, taking a stand against bullying, and being a good person in general. I'm pretty stronger than I was before and kind of learned not to give a shit about what people had to say about me. Now I'm going to be a freshmen in a month and who knows what will happen? Maybe it'll be even better than the last two years. So there's my story about my bullying experience. This story was kind of lengthy and boring in my opinion, but I just wanted to write this all out.. I needed to.  My life didn't really sucked that bad, but the bullying parts just really, really effected me just like how the death of my grandmother did. I was a very sensitive person with low self esteem problems and I felt like it was my fault, because I was just quiet person who didn't know how to speak up. Seriously, the fifth and sixth grade almost killed me because the bullying just got so bad. I mean, I did got bullied in middle school but it wasn't that bad. I just shrugged it off, because I knew the only thing that mattered was being close to my friends again and my boyfriend being there for me. They also have experiences with bullying too, but they don't care. We just don't care anymore. Bullies suck.If you see someone getting bullied, help them out and make them feel wanted ;)
I know I certainly have.I feel like I give people permission to bully me. I tend to overreact to perceived or real rejection, showing people they have power over me. I tend to apologize for myself a lot--I have ADHD and I am hyperactive, but I am also a girl, and people perceive that high level of energy as "taking up too much space" or "acting crazy"--which i feel gives people permission to be annoyed with me. And it doesn't help that I am a physically small person.But I also think the fact I have a lot of talents may play into this. I have poor social skills, I'm often anxious and depressed, and do things others perceive to be "weird" or "crazy" pretty frequently... but I am also objectively (or as close to objectively as possible) an attractive woman, which I know to be true because people comment on it way too much and make me uncomfortable. I'm extremely smart, and always have been, always got very good grades in spite of my scattered brain, disorganization, "emotional reactivity," and procrastination. I also have a lot of talents. I can sing, I'm funny, and I can play the violin. And I am a good writer.I wonder if the convergence of those things--low self-esteem coupled with a lot of things that should make me feel good about myself--is part of what makes me a target.I know I make people feel bad because when they tell me I am smart I might respond by pointing out a mistake I made or a way I wasn't perfect, etc etc... which I can see might make other people insecure 'cause they're like "if she thinks she didn't do a good job then what about me?"Idk these are just theories. My friends in high school constantly teased me for "dressing like a slut." I was the skinniest of all of them. They constantly teased everything I said for being stupid or weird. I got the best grades out of all of them.Etc etc.Anyway anyone else relate to this experience? Or at the very least finding yourself consistently on the receiving end of bullying? What are your theories as to why? What does research show?
Some months ago I received an e-mail from an 9 year old girl I don't know. She obviusly confused my address with someone else's. It was just two lines. She believed I was the host of a tv show about image change here in Spain, and said she wanted to be "my" friend because she suffered from bullying too.In any other circumstances I would have just ignored the e-mail (people confusing my address is something I see every damn day), but can't just walk away on this topic. So I wrote her the following:>"I'm sorry, but this is not the email of the person you wanted to talk to. I'm an IT guy and I have no TV program. But there is something I want to tell you.>You said you suffered from bullying... if that's still happening or happens again, please, PLEASE, talk about it with your parents. Don't keep it to yourself. That happened to me, didn't say anything, and things got worse and nobody deserves that.>And if you can't really talk about it with your parents for any reason, talk with your aunt/uncle, any other familiar or someone close to the family, or your teachers (although the teachers were not helpful at all for me).>Whatever, but don't keep it to yourself. I hope things go well for you."I spent that entire day thinking about what to answer and that's the only thing I came up with. Should I have added something else? Should I write her again to see if things are better now?
I don't know if this is the right place to post this. If not, please be gentle and I will remove it if it's not.On [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/exmormon/comments/4rdxpn/exmormon_teen_is_being_picked_on_but_there_is_an/?ref=share&ref_source=link) by /u/feechbeach there is a teen girl being bullied over her lack of faith in the mormon religion. They're asking for some help and hope she can get some from here as well:>Although I have no faith in God, I have lots of faith in the exMormon community. Let's help this girl meet Selena Gomez, or at least beat this mean girl. Consider this restitution for all the youth Sunday School lessons you taught.>>All you have do to help is just click on the link. No sign up, no email, literally just open the webpage and it will count as a vote (and you can "vote" again every hour). Let's make an exMormon girl's day.>> http://991kggi.iheart.com/pages/meet-selena-gomez/entrant/?id=55&desktop=true&desktopviewduration=72000








Today I had someone tell me "I look autistic" and I don't even have autism this was because I was in a rush(going to go workout) earlier and didn't realize half of the draw string in my shorts was stuck in the hole so only half was hanging down. I have ADHD by the way and the person who made the comment about the draw string and my shorts knows that. I am very upset about this and when I tried to fight back they were like it hurts. (threw something at them but missed) I know what I did was wrong but I was already angry before they made the comment and the comment did not help. It making me feel depressed too.
The person outed me as a furry to everyone and said that no one cares about furries and even told me to be a trekkie and that no one of any worth is a furry. How do i prove the person wrong about it? The person goes to the same church as i do.


Okay so first off I am a guy.  And today I was walking home with two of my friends.  When randomly a group of 4-6 other girls that just graduated high-school started to bully the girl I was walking with. When I say bullying I mean verbally abusing and pushing her and me as a well as my other friend. I had two choices,  just stay quite and wait for them to fuck off OrThreaten then and say something like,  " If you push me, him or her again I will smack seven shades of shit out of you."And I would have followed through and slapped her,  then if she kept pushing and bullying I would have done it again. I decided to not Threaten them and just waited for them to fuck off.  My question is did I make the right choice,  now they bully my friend quiet a lot and they are skinny anorexic bitches so I could've easily taken them. Your opinion on what I should have done?  And how/what would you do? 
I was really bullied in grade 8-9 and although I feel like now I am better the feeling still lingers on me,  although I am currently 21 and in University. When I was in High school (early years) I was very unpopular, I did not have any friends, I was short and in bad shape  and I frequently got picked on. One of main bullies, lets call him Michael, was one of the very popular kids at the time, for no reason he started picking on me and tormented from grade 8-9 (high school here where I live starts in grade 8), he threw pencils at me, tripped me, insulted/teased me, when I tried to sit down he took the chair under me, and ridiculed me in front of all the new kids.  This sadly still follows me now, and this has affected my ability to make friends and it makes me feel that everyone is trying to make fun of me, and as a result I am always on the defence and still take everything way too seriously (but I have gotten better at it though).  And sadly I still hold grudges against some high school bullies, but not as much as MichaelTL;DR: I still have not healed yet after being tormented by a high school bully in grade 8-9 (now 21), any advice?  
The good news is that I have my first job! I glad I got accepted and I get along with most people at my workplace. I'm working as an archery instructor at a summer camp I used to go to from kindergarten to about 7th grade. My employers love me and I get along with most of my co-workers. Most. The one I don't get along with used to be my counselor back in the day. When I saw him for the first time in how ever many years, I greeted him but he told me to just sit and not talk to him. I tried starting a conversation with him twice. The first he was uninterested and pulled out his phone so I left and found someone else to talk to. The second time I was trying to join into a group discussion and he gave a smartass reply and just shut me out. Whenever I say someone to him when it's just us two, he'll just say "Don't talk to me" with a very annoyed look. However, when we're in a group, he invokes my name when I'm around and talks about how I wasn't athletic, never got what I wanted, and always got in trouble with him. I told him directly once that he's not my counselor anymore and he said "Thank God". I don't want to be friends with him and I don't care if I get his fake approval, but I just want him to respect me. How do I stand up to a dick who keeps pushing my buttons and making me feel weak? My dad just tells me to ignore him but I don't think it works because it just gives him permission to disrespect me even more. Btw, he's about 7 years older than me. 
My daughter woke up this morning and brought her phone out to me.  Apparently at 4:30am, some teenage girl (supposedly) decided to send her a long message.  This girl does not know my kid, does not follow her, etc.  And my daughter's account is targeted around her service dog, not her personal account (matty_bo_batty).  So, my daughter sent her back a message....then I tracked her down and sent her my own little message.  I am so sick of bigoted people.  If you know your opinion is going to hurt someone, please keep it to yourself! Some people are very fragile!!!   See the text below:  m.wardlaw13:  OKay so I understand that you are a girl wanting to be a boy but j have a question and I'm not trying to be mean or rude in any way but why do you think that you were made the way you are because that's how you were soposed to be!  Now, yes people do it all of the time and try to change the way that they look but getting surgery to change your whole body is still not going to change your sex because you came in this world a girl and YES you will go out of this world a girl! Like honestly why do.....You think you have to change the way you look just to be happy I mean you have friends and you have both boy and girl friends and yes there are many bisexual people at our school but I just don't get why you can't be happy with the way you are I mean God put us all on this earth to be happy and yes sad but it doesn't mean that just beach you aren't happy with the way you look means that just because you change from a girl to a boy doesn't mean that your body changes at all because you... And a lot of people all know that inside of your body it is a girl and it can never be changed I mean it's fine if your not happy with the way you look or feel because on your Instagram it said "maybe when I'm older I will get upper and lower surgery and feel comfortable in my body" Maddie your body will never change it will always be the same! Maddie your beautiful just the way you are and j don't know if anybody else has the guts to do this but you know what I honestly don't care I just....really don't understand why you think that just because you change the features on your body is going to change you from a girl to a boy! I mean come on that's like thinking that you can take an apple paint it orange and it becomes an orange but NOPE honey that's not how it works! I mean you will never have what a boy has no matter what you do and a boy will never have what a girl has all they can do is change the way you look and you know that everybody knows that inside your body you are...A girl and you were created to be a girl!  God made us to be on this earth so girls can be with boys and boys can be with girls not girls with girls and boys with boys and you are probably thinking well I am going to be a boy when I get surgery NOPE you are still and will FOREVER BE A GIRL! I mean how in the world do you think people were made I mean how do you think you were made obviously by a boy and a girl not a girl and a girl and not a boy and a boy but a girl and a boy! God made Adam...There would be nobody left cause a girl and a girl can't make a kid and a boy and a boy can make a kid it rakes a girl and a boy! But God created us all to be equal yes and that is why I respect the way you think but if you would just think about what i said and realize how all of this can affect your family and if you ever wanted kids cause the only way you are headed now is adoption cause you can't have kids if you keep trying to be something that your not!  Because that's what your being....Something that your not and I've heard people say oh well in just being myself NO YOU ARE NOT YOUR BEING ANYTHING BUT YOURSELF!  Thanks for taking the time to read this and I really hope you think about some of the things I said!This was my daughter's response to her homophobic transgenderphobic rant:First of all, try to check your spelling and grammar.  It's MATTY.  Second of all, Matty is my service animal.  Third, I AM a girl....who happens to model and do martial arts.  If I want to dress like a boy, that is my prerogative.  In case that word is too big for you, it means it is my right to do so.  Let's try pulling your head out of your ass and focus on your own pitiful life instead of something you have no clue about.  Pull yourself off your high horse or you will be going to Hell for your judgemental bullshit.  If I even attempt to think about the things you said, I might start to be like you and I'd rather cut my throat.  Have a freaking wonderful day!!!!And I tracked down the so-called "saint" and I left her this message:  If I EVER see your name pop up on my daughter's Instagram with some pathetic, homophobic, bigoted message, I will hunt you down.  And by that I mean you are nothing but a piece of shit bully who gets her rocks off by making others feel like shit.  And if I find out that your evil words cause someone to harm themselves, I will make it my personal mission to ensure that you are prosecuted for enticing them to harm themselves.  Then I will make sure you are in a prison where they fuck you up and make you regret every pathetic homophobic rant you ever made.  If a boy wants to be a girl or a girl wants to be a boy, that's up to them! They all have a beating heart, they all have brains to feel, and you are nothing but a hypocritical, judgemental BITCH.  There is a special place in Hell for you.  And I'll make sure that your special place is right next to me.Sorry, but no one messes with my girl.  

I want to march into the classroom and call this girl out in front of everyone, but I fear this girl can make life a living hell for my daughter who is very shy and has trouble making friends.  I need to do something, but I need some advice on what that something should be.  So angry I can barely think.
I made a place where we can all chat about whatever (OrganizedStalking, bullying, shows, movies, etc) here I will also share ways to stay anonymous and avoid Cyber stalking please refrain from conspiracy talk here im trying to create a place where we can just chat and raise awareness i will be looking for mods to help out this doesnt require to sign up or download anything but I suggest signing up if you plan on being a regular visitor(: https://discord.gg/013jpMPN0EtvgzYh4I'm very dedicated to making sure NO perps join here I will kick/ban anyone that is OS or CS please check it out I put a lot of time into this

I was bullied for 9 years and it nearly ended when I attempted suicide. I survived and have kept fighting and now I have written my story in order to help others who have been bullied and make sure that history doesn't repeat itself. I have a campaign going to raise money to get the book printed. Check out the link below and pledge £10 if you can. http://www.crowdfunder.co.uk/lollipops-and-ass-whoopings
Bullying can come anywhere in any form.Laughing at a common man, who has tripped on the banana peel, is bullying.When your classmate has forgotten her homework, complaining it to the teacher is bullying.In corporate sectors, declaring someone else’s credit as own, is bullying.In sports grounds, partiality on one athlete (by the federation or coach), is bullying for the other.At the bus stand, gossiping about the lady in short skirt (only because I myself cannot look equally hot) is bullying. So we can see, this term is almost an entity for psychosocial ties, whether someone has been subject to it, or has witnessed it, or may be themselves, doing it. Let us speculate through some of the very common forms of bullying that we come across every day:[Read more](https://www.ewellnessexpert.com/blog/83/bullying-in-various-forms-)
I hope she's alive.

Does anyone have any leads on books or online support for survivors of bullying?  I have found lots of material on prevention of bullying, helping bullied children, causes of bullying, bullying in the workplace, etc, etc., but have found no help for survivors of childhood bullying who still carry the emotional scars into adulthood.Edit: punctuation
Hey, so I've been on all sides of bullying, depression, self harm, pretty much most things and recently I decided it's time to step up and create a place for those people being bullied or going through tough times to express themselves and ask for help/adviceI was looking for advice/suggestions on the website I made and hopefully you'd be able to help share it around and possibly send it to someone who really needs it.Site: http://xethon.net
---


I recently started playing on a server and found out that there was admin abuse going on online. When I put a comment on the server, he responded back aggressively at me. The whole story is here: http://imgur.com/a/PuGZdIs there anything I should do to protect myself at this point? I feel like this person could actually come after me. 


We are a non-profit that works with people with disabilities. We were recently the target of online bullying from people from the 4chan community. Any suggestions on how to deal with this? We've gone on private but this doesn't seem like a good long-term strategy. 
Back in middle school, i had a hard go of it, and was bullied by a couple people, one kid was a creep, got in my face, challenged me to fights, tripped, names, blablabla. This went on for the better part of 8th grade gym (gym teacher did jackshit, allegedly he talked to the kid at one point, but there were plenty of times he was sitting there watching), when one morning I walked into the gym door, knowing this was gonna stop and i was gonna attack him. He got in my face again, challenging me to a fight, I smiled and said "Maybe you're right" (cold as fuck ya'll) He turned around to walk away, I pushed him against the wall and started choking him, he manages to push me off after a little while and punches me (bitch punch, the cut was worse) before the fight was ended by an adult. After that, he didn't mess with me.  Fast forward 7 years, I'm at my usual dispensary, and a budtender who I've been reasonably friendly too reveals that he is this kid, he recognized me immediately, and that he was sorry for picking on me in middle school. The whole encounter left me a bit stunned. Initially, i was surprised, but as he got into it, rather cold and flippant. I didn't feel anything when he apologized. It certainly hit him, one notable effect was his shaking hands from the pure rush of adrenaline.   I don't think better of him, he's had to screw up his courage over the last six months. I suppose I can appreciate the gesture on an intellectual level, but I felt nothing. I'm so far from who I was in middle school that it was ridiculous to be reminded. I'm significantly larger than him now as well as trained and in shape, so I'm having a hard time coming to grips with him being the kid. I deal with mild social anxiety on the best of days, but I feel anxiety about going back to my dispensary and having to interact with him. I like my dispensary, and developed a reputation as a nice customer, so I don't want to bring bad vibes into the place. I just had to get this off my chest.

Last year (7th grade) I was bullied by a kid named Tyler Brown. He was an indirect reason for me leaving the school that he went to (the main reason was grades), he would always tell me how I was ugly, how I was short, how my voice was annoying, always talk about how he wanted to have sex with my mom, and push me and throw dirt at my face. I always tried to play it off that I thought what he did was funny, as a way to make him stop, but it didn't work.I figured out that he acted in a couple movies and a Nick tv show (here is the link to it, http://www.imdb.com/name/nm5209456/)I found his facebook page, and am tempted to tell people about what he would do, to get payback. People on his facebook page seem to think he is a sweet heart, but I would like to show them that.Well, I WOULD like to do that. I am posting this because I don't know if that would be screwed up to do or be justified. What should I do?
Hey guys, I started interviewing people randomly at coffee shops and was lucky to find a group of college kids who were studying. I figured that they were all recent high school graduates so I asked them about their high school experience. One of them was brave enough to  share why she used to bully people. I think it was really inspiring to see how someone who once used to bully people did so because she was insecure herself. I hope this sheds some light on to why some people do what they do. 



So I'm just out of public high school. I transfered to an online program after I started getting treated this way. I go to school that is mostly inner city kids. Just after I started coming out of my hole and becoming more social I made a comment that I was not in support with the violent acts of the black panthers. Long story short I kept a couple of friends and almost everyone began to hate me. Eventually one of the bullies had the genius idea of smudging my name around. I was bullied for months on that one topic. Just because my name sounded like "hate niggers". Honestly it sounds silly that I would get upset about this but I just couldn't help it. Sorry for the pointless ranting I just wanted to get this off my chest.EDIT: grammar




So hi my name is James I'm thirteen so spelling mistakes will be common. I live in Missauga, Ontario throughout my life id have a really good life i live on a quiet and small street that never really had a lot of kids on it so usually I was lonely yeah i had friends at my school but never really got around to hanging out outside of school. So naturally i cried and complained to my parents that living on this street wasn't really fun at all i had one other friend on the street but he wasn't around often. now keep in mind this is so far is in my 1-4 grade years. My sisters and half brother are very older than me because my parents are way older than usual parents and the closet sibling to my age was 10 years older than me. I have always clinger to the sibling i just mentioned lets call her amy for this story. Amy was basically my substitute for friends when i didn't have any, also because my half brother didn't even live in my house at that time he was already in university and my other sister was always really a grump. But when amy went to university i became closer to the other kid on my street we started hanging out a lot and became really close friends. But then my parents didn't like my grades and thought i needed more of attention from the teacher they sent me to a private school for grade 5 at first it meant that there would be less friends since the private school was so far away and i was more of the athletic type and most of the kids there had parents that pressured the kids to care more about school that anything else, but I'm glad that they put me in that the school because my grades improved so much and by 7th grade i was getting honour roll like it was nothing now heres were things get a little bad I've been bullied before but nothing this serious. So it was coming to the end of the school year and this part is very hard for me to type so please show respect, I heard that there was going to be two more kids move in to our neighbourhood naturally I was jumping out of my pants excited and so was my friend at the time, eventually these kids showed up to a street party we were having to meet there future neighbours so i met them and they seemed really nice two brothers really close to my age friends that all i could ever want so skip ahead to the summer and these kids moved in and we got along so well for the first 3 weeks we hung out all the time it was great, right until I introduced them to the friend on my street and things went a little strange i noticed that the new kids and my friend at the time were hanging out a lot and after a while they started kinda avoiding me. Then it got bad whenever the would ask me to play it was usually just so they could use my basketball net and while they did this they would just ignore me like i wasn't there. When we played man hunt i would always be it, when we played road hockey i was always on a team by myself then they started prank calling my house at 11 o clock at night waking me and my parents up so i confronted them about this and all they did was make fun of me so i just went back in my house and ignored them thats when things got out of hand. These kids the friends i had dreamed of all my life started making hate accounts on instagram of me. Then they would make fake accounts that looked like my school friends accounts calling them there second accounts i stupidly accepted them thinking it was real then they would comment on all of my photos "your gay" "your ugly" "kill yourself" my parents told there parents and what did they do? Nothing there parents let them do it and so it continued and eventually i stopped going outside i started playing video games way to much i developed a quick temper i almost totally avoided my family all i did was just stay inside all day and then i thought it was over they came over to give me a apology note and they apologized and told how wrong they were to do that. So after a while of them apologizing i decided to give them another chance a decision i will always regret. So they insisted we go play in a park near our street so Iwent and as soon as we got there one ran at my and tackled me off my bike the others ganged up and started to kick me and throw my bike around the most clear thing i remember is that the one kid the kid I had been friends with for so long and shared so many good memories with laugh while he kicked me over and over again i was so angry i got up eventually and slugged one of them right in his face then they all ran off laughing away from me eventually, I got up grabbed my bike and limped home it was dark as i got home. My parents demanded i explained to them what happened, so I told them everything eventually i cried myself to sleep. The next morning i was sitting in my room when there was a knock at the door my parents answered it and there were those bastards standing there showing my parents a video a video of last night except they cut out the parts of them kicking me but the part were i punched the one kid in the face. They played me from the beginning i gave everything those little shits wanted on a silver plate to them my parents closed the door on them obviously not believing them. a few days passed filled with prank calls and letters attached the door explaining how much they hated me and how much of a loser i am and them my mother told me that those kids went door to door showing people this video calling me a bully not only had these kids bullied and tormented me all summer now there turning me into the bad guy they would go up to mother telling her these fake stories of how I bullied them and vandalized property. Alright your probably thinking the worst part is over right? no it gets worse. The very few I would go outside to walk my dog or play outside I would get non stop names yelled at me from a distance. This problem is still on going and this even left a paragraph outside my door on christmas eve. After that i was walking outside and going pounded on my head by not snow balls but balls of ice. Oh yeah did i mention while this was going on my parents were constantly fighting, I got kicked off the hockey team I had been on for 4 years and had all my friends on, i have to go to a new school for grade 8 were I was the only the only new kid there, I am to afraid to go outside my one house for more than 10 minutes  and to top it all off have gone through many sessions of therapy were doctors have concluded that I have post trauma and extreme anxiety. This story is not fake if you have any questions my instagram account is jameskcnugent. To overview this story imagine your worst feeling or most uncomfortable feeling in the world and imagine you see that whenever you look a cross the the street or out your window. Thank you all for reading this story it was really hard for me to write this so I'm thankful for all the support i can get.           
I think that I'm getting bullied at my work. Just this week, this person has said this stuff to me.He wanted to know why I made a certain code change.  He asked me why I did it, and I said, “because the manager told me to.”  Then he got mad, and told me to, “use my head.”  And that, "we'd (him and I) already talked about this."  I truly don't remember the outcome of that conversation previous conversation.Also, on Tuesday when I was looking into the multiple queries and PostgreSQL, he got in and started asking a bunch of questions, and every answer I gave, he replied why that was wrong. He just got mad for no reason. Then he told me that “I was spinning my wheels”, when I couldn't answer all of his questions, and didn't want to talk anymore.I have already told the manager.  This has happened on multiple occasions. Does anybody have any advice?I like coding, and computers of course.  At this point I'm starting to feel like it is affecting my work, and I can't focus 100%, and and also have a slight fear that some of the coding ideas that I come up with will get criticized. This person (the bully) by the way, isn't a brilliant coder, and is actually less experienced than I am.  I think that just because of my personality type that he has picked me out to target.Once again, if some people have had a similar problem, or any ideas, please comment. Thank you.
I was with my parents but still they were staring at me only and whispering something. I am scared that they may bully me if I am alone on road because one of their friend bullied me. I am 15 yr old boy
https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2016/05/160510160325.htm


I really have a story for you guys.There's this.. "lovely" boy at school that I'll just call Kizer. Kizer's a very, very hypocritical boy. See, what he does is shit talk other people but when they say something back he gets all up in arms and says that everyone at our school "bullies him". Something I should mention is, he's autistic. He uses this as his weapon. Every time he says something offensive or does something harmful, he blames it on him being autistic and says we need to "treat him with better respect" because of it. Another thing I should mention is, he seems to be doing this for attention. I remember at the beginning of this year, he had a massive fit because "no one pays any attention to him". And ever since then, his behavior has been escalating to the point of folding a table up (we have fold-up tables during lunch) with people still sitting at it and threatening to break a girl's skull open because she told him to stop being disrespectful.  My mom has gotten the cops involved, and they're supposed to be questioning the school as to why Kizer's getting away with all of this and why he hasn't been put in an alternative school. They're also supposed to be questioning his parents. But it seems nothing has been done so far, because he just keeps acting up and he seemingly still gets away with it.I really need help until the cops finally get involved. Is there anything else I can do???

I am 15 yr old boy. By mistake I broke his writing pad for that he keeps on threatening me that I will be beaten up by him so badly that I will cry. He chases me whenever he sees me and says me to get slapped by him.
(sorry for my bad english, i am not from UK/USA)So, this will be a little bit of a long one probably.All the names will be replaced. I am not giving any personal info on bullies or anyone.It started at 4th grade of primary school (now i'm in 2nd grade of secondary school).I was actually popular, and all the class were going around togheder, and it was actually pretty nice, noone did dramas, noone was angry, and nobody was bullied.But, i had a drama with one guy (about some nonsense, i don't even remember, we are actually friends now), and it made class to make 2 groups.1- me, Matt, Joe and Dave2- rest of the classAnd, for a year it was going good, we had some good times togheder, we we're really good friends, but after a year, it changed, firstly anyone was insulting anyone in our group, and then, i don't know why, all the hate went on me!So, i'll tell you what is happening almost EVERYDAY to me. I'll make a little dialogue.N= meD= DaveJ= JoeM=MattN: *walks on the street after school*J: *walks to me* Fuck you, you should die.D: You have a little dick (seriously? a dick insult? Jesus Christ...)N: Guys, you realise that it's not fucking funny?M: It is! HAHAHAHA *they all start laughing*So, this is not pretty nice.And then, i left their ,,group'' and moved to another one.Now, if there's only 1 person from that 3 person group, he isnt actually insulting me or anything, he may be even talking to me normally, and we may even LAUGH!Why the hell are they firstly insulting me, and then they are normally talking with me?! They are freaking hipocrites!!!
So I was bullied for long time. Biggest effect it's had on me is in inability to or fear of trust. I realized a while ago that I sometimes somewhat intentionally alienate people because I don't want to get close to anyone and become vulnerable. I literally have trouble breathing sometimes because of that and it effects my entire day.    I probably could have continued being this way forever but about 2 summers ago, I fell in love for the first time and while that turned out quite nasty for me. It awakened a desire for that connection that I'm finding i can't seem to ignore so I decided that instead I will start seeing a counselor for good so I can learn how people trust so I can fulfil the desire I can't seem to get rid of. No idea if I will be successful but even if I'm not, I'll just end up feeling hopeless which is where I'm at anyways so it won't like damage me further.
Hi Reddit, i have a problem at my school.i have been getting consistently bullied for 3 months at my school and its really starting to effect my life. for the first month it was mostly verbal harassment which i could deal with. but now pushing towards the 4th month its becoming physical. i have been choked in halls thrown against lockers all the movie type of thing. i really don't want to have to get physical as i'm 5' 10'' and 110 pounds. I need to find a solution to the problem. I have been trying the no emotion silent treatment for a few weeks but it only gets worse. its almost like they enjoy it. i have tried the comebacks but those just don't end well ever. i don't want to go to teachers or guidance as it only leads to beatings (other kids have tried). My mom knows about it and we've tried thinking of things to do but haven't figured anything out. Please help i'm desperate at this point. I want to stop it now as i'm in grade 9 and don't want to have to move schools (which could be an option if needed). please

So recently I have done something...fair enough stupid but for a reasonable purpose. They is a "gang" who enjoy constantly irritating me for a reaction. They have been told before not to do it as I have a short fuse and often make offensive comments when I am intimidated or very angry. Yesterday, these females decided to get mad over a friend of mine commenting on their eyebrows on Snapchat. It was a pointless thing to do, albeit, but it was a compliment and they were too thick to understand that.Whilst changing for PE. 8 girls surrounded my friend and began hurling abuse. I got irritated and told them where to go and they decided to go overboard.Fast forward to break and I'm just talking with a good friend of mine and the group saunters over, calling me names such as, "a boy", " transexual" and everything along those lines due to the fact I have short hair. I tried walking away but they followed me and eventually I snapped and told one of them...a fairly big woman...to "choke on crap." And they escalated it. Calling me worse names and etc.They told me that our Principal said I was getting permanently excluded due to my hurtful comment. And proceeded to tell me that I have no proof of what they said. Feeling pretty helpless and vulnerable...I decided to take action and printed out 26 posters of the following text:"Dear. Ladies. You know who you are.They are just eyebrows. Grow. Up.Have a nice day." And stuck them everywhere. I am aware they have complained to my principal and expect him to come to my lesson to pick me up in the next hour or two. How do I weasel out of trouble?
He's sexually assaulted LOTS of girls and I've seen him do it. I've seen him harass colored kids simply because of what they look like.Nobody wants to come forward about it. He's a "mutual" friend. I really feel disgusted by him. I've told him many times that he should stop and it's wrong that he's doing these things but he doesn't care. Here's his cellphone number 815-666-2278 Don't let him know why you're calling. I just want him messed with. 
Hello, so theres this guy at my school and hes calling me a speed faper because I 'Cup stack' (I know a very unique sport) And hes been calling me names and keeps on assuming I have a dirty mind... Even though he has a dirty mind. So please help, what should i do?Contact him: Skype: megabrain67Youtube: Tranz Gaming
Hey everyone. Im looking to write a book based on the experiences I've had with being bullied in high school. I really do believe it made me a stronger, more self reliant person. I would love to feature 4 or 5 other people who have shared the same or similar experiences with being bullied!







In school, i was popular but the kids were nasty. I was at an extremely competitive high school and people hated each other one day and loved each other the next.I begged my parents to send my sister to a different school, literally fucking begged and now the same is happening to her.She's popular but tonight she was jumped, she's in hospital with a broken rib, a severely bruised neck and a broken arm.The girls decided that her new hair colour was too "cool" and that she was trying to out do them.ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?! Like.. what? i dont understand why does this still happen?What is so fundementally wrong with kids that they beat the crap out of others or mentally torture them to kill themselves.I am so beyond angry, we called the police and luckily a woman driving past with her kids stopped and saved my sister so we have a witness. As long as the kids agree that they jumped her they will be charged with assault.I know that's the logical steps to take and the proper way to deal with this.But i lost it, i found her home and her mother slammed the door in my face so i stood there kicking and screaming about the fact that her precious angel could've killed my sister and that the mother was a useless peice of shit.I've never wanted to physically hurt someone before, never, but i want to take this little girl and crush her.Crush her mentally and physically. I want her lying in a hospital bed, broken and in tears wondering why this is her life.Im just so fucking angry.
First off, I have a online GF. Yes, I understand it's risky, but we've confirmed each others identities. For my story, let's call her Katy, her sister is Mary, and her sisters boyfriend is Patrick. Katy and I are both 16, while Mary is 15. Mary's boyfriend is Patrick, an 18 year old. Now, Mary and Patrick treated Katy like shit before I met her. They call her fat constantly, insist she is gay (using gay as an insult.) and her sister would actually hit her with a belt as Patrick watched on Skype, as they are also an online couple. The hitting stopped, but the verbal abuse continued. Katy, still was the best sister. She kept all their secrets, tolerated everything, and was very caring toward Mary. Then, I came to the picture. They instantly hated me, and call me a fag, make fun of the fact I was abused as a child (despite both Mary and Katy experiencing the same), and tell me I'm worthless. They even will say it to Katy when I'm not there, but she'll just ignore it. Sadly, Katy is more loyal to them, and shared my abuse secret, shared my name, and then... shared my image, but never told me a thing about Patrick, who was the main bully. Patrick quickly saved the image to his computer, and edited it to make fun of me. He is very knowledgeable in hacking, and has even created scripts in games to mock me. I can't stand it anymore, the thought of some guy having my image out there is unbareable. I want to contact authorities, but I know little about him, and he knows everything about me. (There's much more overall to the story I skipped over if you're interested, ask questions)What should I do at this point? He refused to delete the picture, continues to verbally attack Katy and continues to tell her that I'm worthless...I have acquired some info though: His first name is Patrick, he's 18, he lives in Canada, he *claims* to attend one of the more prestigious colleges/universities, and is top in his class of said schooling. Uhm, he is white male, and the only other detail is that he may live close to Niagara falls.Is this enough info to find out who he is, and report him to authorities?Or should I even do so? I don't know of any other option of getting him to stop, as being mature and just trying to talk things through resulted in him laughing in my face.
First off, yes, this is a new account...There is this kid who has bullied me for a looonngg time in school, and not too long ago i started fighting back. One day, I got him from behind and proceeded to punch the daylights out of him and destroyed his reputation. I was happy.Bad thing is, this kid is a total fucking psycho, he has been abused most of his life and he tries to take it out on others. Today, i was talking to a friend, minding my own business, then I overhear him talking about me.. "the only reason u/danangthang battered me was because he is a little pussy" So I told him to not start messing with people if he cant handle getting beaten. What does he do? He charges at me, and punches me in the face...I cant remember what happend in the fight fully, but i remember throwing him onto a desk and trying to punch him. Teachers quickly break things up. After the fight, my reputation is dead. He (or maybe his friends) spread a ton of rumors about me and everyone thinks that I started on him (which is horseshit) and the chances that this kids gonna try and fight me again are high. I don't quite know what to do... really any support or advice would be appreciated.

I can't believe he's gone http://9gag.com/gag/azjDNDp
Hi thereI am speaking for my youngest sister because she is currently suffering major bullying problems and needs help before things get way too extreme.I'm going to change names here for privacy, but also so that you know who is who.My sister's name will be Jasmine. Her friends will be named Julie and Danica. The bully will be named Tanika.Early in pre-school, Jasmine met a girl named Tanika. At first, Tanika seemed like a nice girl, but she quickly showed that she is posessive and someone who likes to be in control. She's been forcing Jasmine to do things that she doesn't like and has been a poor influence upon her. The punishment systems at the school are not helpful at all and almost favours the bully and Jasmine doesn't have the willpower or strength to stand up to Tanika. She's been forced to hang out with Tanika instead of her real friends such as Julie and Danica. Tanika also beats up Jasmine's real friends and constantly threatens Jasmine to do what Tanika says or wants by shaking her fists, telling her that she'll bash her friends, et cetera. These incidents are daily and Jasmine does not look forward to going to school because both classtime and lunchtimes are quite the misery. The teachers don't do anything because it is literally word for word, and both Tanika and Jasmine are notorious liars, so the teachers don't know who to believe.The punishment system at the school is "simple". First time, no matter what it is, from a simple wrongdoing to hitting someone hard enough they bleed, it is a warning. Second time and they see the headmaster. Third time and it's hometime. The warnings reset every day, meaning that today Tanika could get a warning and tomorrow, she could also get a warning.At this point, there's nothing that we can really do and we're asking for help. In a nutshell, Jasmine is Tanika's puppet and Tanika has no feelings for anyone else but herself. Tanika is a very spoilt girl and often brags about what she has.The most recent offence she has done is take over my sister's own dance club that she made herself for her and her friends. She came in and starts slandering her friends and their dancing, followed by saying "I have an announcement to make. You's better meet me here tomorrow for my awesome announcement that you guys will be now dancing and singing to My Little Pony songs and if none of yous agree with me, there will be lots of trouble and I mean it!" Jasmine now believes that she should end her dance club because she is afraid. Jasmine is in Year 5, same for Tanika and Julie. Danica is in Year 6.
As a target of mobbing | bullying in the workplace, I want to bring awareness regarding this unilateral emotional abuse intended to mentally destabilize the target and force it out of the workplace. 5% of the workforce affected!  Please visit my website and share your stories. http://mobbinggroupharassment.com

story here: http://imgur.com/z7wwe1gIf you're also a 9gagger I would appreciate it if you could upvote the post and help me get it on the hot pagehttp://9gag.com/gag/avPmeLEThank you! it sucks being bullied by someone you don't even know and not being able to do something about it. 

Hello guys!Kickstarter project is LIVE. Lets make this happen. Spread the word about us. We WILL make this world a better place!https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1221311684/world-wide-gaming-working-against-bullying-worldwi
Delete this instagram account, @kelpy_seaweed 
I have a manager who should really be on sick leave. They are very ill and need to be in hospital for a medical procedure but they have this massive sense of self importance and "the place can't function without me" and refuses to GTFO until they can get the treatment they need.They don't really help out at work, just shout and scream and swear and are verbally abusive when we're busy. Additionally they refuse to talk to me directly unless it's to shout or be angry, and always get another person to tell me what to do, which really fucks me off - something I was taught a long time ago was that you won't like everyone you meet but you need to HTFU and get over it because you'll have to work with people you won't like.When they're not at work everyone is happier and the atmosphere is lovely. When they are there, things are awful, people are stressed, nervous, shaky, tense and upset. This person wonders why things go to shit when they're there, and it's because they are so nasty and rude and awful and abusive. I otherwise like my job but I'm not sure what to do. 

I get deeply hurt and ashamed when I am bullied. Especially when someone or some people pick me on and bully me, I feel extremely hurt and ashamed. It's very painful to see someone or some people being nice to people except me... It makes me feel I am some kind of weirdo or as if I was a cockroach. I very often become a target of bullies. I do not want to get hurt or ashamed any more when I am bullied. How can I not feel hurt or ashamed? I mean I want to have psychological protection while/after I am bullied. I feel I need a shield or a barrier so that bullies can't get into my mind and destroy my self-esteem. Help me, please.
I have never told anyone from my family and friends until now. This incident might be extreme like physically or verbally and this story isn' all that bad but it still hurts me as I am now a senior in high school. So basically in 6th grade I was a more sociable kid, I was quiet but still more confident in myself. So I hanged out with these dudes and one of them was my best friend in like 3rd grade but became friends with him again that early part of that year. Around december of that year, he just started out left me scarred. He said whyI was quiet and said I was weird and all that stuff. He would start saying why I would follow him and stuff and I mean maybe I am too quiet but he didn't have to be an asshole about this. I suck at explaining but this guy left me friendless the rest of my 6th grade year just because of his betraying pussy ass mouth. I found my best friend from 7th grade  to 8th grade but I still struggle now to make friends and I could say now I don't really have anyone. I feel like I lost a lot of opportunities to  make friends just because of what this guy did and said to me. I don't let it ruin me but I still think about it and I feel like what this said to me was right. He said to me that I never have friends  and I feel like he has beaten me. I don't see this guy anymore as I go to different schools but people like this guy. I don't understand. I am a caring nice person and never been in a fight but I my first fight would want to be with him because I regret not punching him like he said he wanted me too.

I made this PSA for a film competition, and I asked the kids on my High School Senior page to vote for me and help me make it to Los Angeles. I didn't know that one of the popular rich kids was doing the same contest. It's a rich kid's high school. I'm not rich.http://contest.nobullchallenge.org/video/110097-transcend

I was bullied everyday, but couldn't fight back or I would have been suspended. Holding in all that anger was terrible for me. Everyone just told me to ignore it. I have mild autism, and kids would poke me and make loud noises near me to make me freak out. It literally made my world feel like hell. It got to the point where I couldn't even relax, since every time I relaxed, kids would poke me. They basically conditioned me to have anxiety and depression, yet the bullies never got into any trouble. I told every adult I could find about the bullying, but no one did anything. Every day I had to hold in tons of anger so I wouldn't fight back, but the few times I so much as shoved a bully, I got in trouble. The teachers even tried to say the bullying was my fault for reacting to it. Even when I was in trouble for shoving a bully, the teacher took the bully's side that he "was just trying to be friendly." Seriously, no one did anything. I was suicidal in 8th grade, and I seriously considered killing myself. I cried almost every night, but even then nothing was done. I'm in college now. I'm no longer depressed, anxious, or suicidal. I copied this from a post which I made in r/anxiety and I'll also post this in r/autismI also had very bad anxiety and depression for my first few years of college, even though the bullying stopped when I graduated high school. It literally took me years to get over the bullying. Despite what people say, you cannot ignore bullying. For some people it might be possible, but for other people its impossible to ignore. Everyone acted like I could just ignore it, and were completely dismissive of me. Even when I was in college, people acted like I should just get over the bullying. When your bullied every day for most of your childhood and teenage years, its not something you can get over in a short time.
She bullied me when I was 11 years old, 9 years ago. She moved away that year and I have not seen her face since 2 years ago when she came back for a year. Despite the bullying being so long ago, I still can't get over it. She taught me to hate myself before I was even though puberty. She taught me that my body was disgusting and I was ugly. That I was stupid, useless,  a person to blame for her actions. According to her I slept with many women and I did drugs and had herpes.  Because of her, I had no friends, everyone was terrified of her. I never wanted to go to school because I was sick if being beaten up and treated like garbage. I was sick of everyone being against me and sick of her doing bad things and blaming me. I was sick of failing everything because I couldn't work with her constantly hurting me. I was completely alone. Nobody I Told about her could help me.After she moved, I had nobody. I cut and starved myself and became so sick that I lost 20 pounds. I made a friend, but I didn't trust that she wouldn't abandon me. I made a group of friends but I was scared and angry. I lost friends over and over because I was so used to people hating me, I didbt know how to have a friend anymore. I was a bully myself for a few months. In my mind even my closest friends were out to get me.Now I have 6 friends and a boyfriend,  I don't starve myself and hardly cut. I have gained the weight back. But I can't let go of the insults and how much she fucked up my life and made it so hard for me to accept friendship. She has had a major impact on my life and the other day I learned that she is going to be a mother, it was then that I realized that I am still not over what she did. How do I move on?
I'm Diabetic and kids at my school tease me for it. They say I can't eat doughnuts, ice cream, or cupcakes since I'll die. They're always making fun of me.
Don't want to get into too much detail (regarding names), but it's been happening here on Reddit. These two users never really liked me and always made jokes or openly attacked me on this specific sub I'm a regular at from time to time. Bc of their behavior I recently had a melt down and obviously, my reputation there went from bad to worse. Everytime I say something *slightly* inaccurate or if I look like I don't know something, they attack and/or make jokes and there's a swarm of downvotes. When I do say something that's totally accurate or helpful to someone else, I either go unnoticed (even if I'm the first to comment and say the exact same thing as someone who comments an hour or two after, who btw gets a lot more ups than me) or get downvoted by three to four people bc one of those who use to attack me make a comment. Sometimes they're not even strictly attacking me, sometimes they're complementing what I said, but it still happens.I've actually been bullied before irl for being gay and in many other online communities for whatever reason (seriously, I *never* got to know why it happened in other communities, but both mods and users used to be somewhat unfriendly to me whereas they weren't towards others who presented the same behavior, answers and/or advices). I always try to be as friendly as possible (you can see that from my history) or if I'm correcting someone or giving them some advice/idea/opinion that I know might sound rude, I measure my words carefully and refrain from calling any names or using bad words (it's a habit in general as I don't see the necessity for them). My melt down is the only thing I can recall that might've made me unpopular, but that's not and has never been my usual behavior.I shar this and ask the question bc, even if it's people on the internet, it still hurts. It hurts to be targetted and have people make jokes about you when you're not doing anything wrong. On that very same sub, when someone else says something that's not accurate, they're don't get ridiculized (and I would know cuz I've been there since I made this account). I could just ignore them, but in my mind that also means giving up on the community bc they're regulars as much as I am and I like to help people on that sub. Sometimes a post goes for four to five hours without being noticed and my answer is exactly what OP is looking for. I know for a fact that these regulars who know the answer won't say a thing bc they say something else on an earlier post or on the weekly support thread, which requires a lot more time than a single post with an answer that takes but a few minutes to type.I once tried to come to terms and share the space peacefully with one of these persons, but recently they made clear that they couldn't care less about being nice and that they do indeed incite drama just for the sake of it. The moderation (the only person who moderates that sub, actually) seemed rather aggressive towards me bc I reported one of the users, saying I had engaged in the discussion (true *for the first*, which was my melt down, but *not true* to the second, where the person I was trying to report did nothing wrong up until *one* comment which I didn't answer) and that I was just trying to get them to give the final slap to show how right I am. I replied to that message explaining the situation as it really was and there was no response.So, the question remains. Is it wrong to say that I've been bullied? And also, how could I possibly go about sharing the space peacefully? Also, sorry if this story is a bit fragmented, but it takes some editing for my writing to be 100% chronologically correct. I'd also like to apologize for any typing or grammar mistaked.
So I have been attacked throughout high school (sophomore at the moment) by 5-6 kids. I am a two sport varsity athlete on high honor roll, yet somehow they continue to chirp me about things like how I am not circumcised. There is no way to stop them they out of nowhere will post threads on facebooks calling my dick a "anteater" in front of most of the girls in the school. All the kids do is smoke weed and make fun of others. I know i should not care, but after a while it gets to me. Recently I had enough of it and told two of the kids i hate most in the group to fight me 2v1. They agree to it initially but then they try and make it their whole squad vs me. My friends do not want to get in a fight and I guess i made the mistake of starting one. No matter how witty my chirps are they wont stop. They have now moved on to harassing the girl i have a thing with and telling me how they are gonna "stick it in." It might seem like they are just jealous from this post, but really they just love to shit on kids and there is no way for me to stop it. I really need some advice I would fight them but even if I won some of their older brothers are psycho and would "jump me" and i dont doubt it because the brother has went to prison before for cocaine and stuff like that.I just needed to vent this one out there sorry if its random
Hey guys, sorry about the long post, just wondering if I could get some advice about somethingI think for as long as I can remember, I've always had low self-esteem issues. I think it's mostly cause I got bullied a lot in grade and middle school. It stopped by the time I was a freshman in high school, but by then, I always felt kinda inferior to everyone else. Deep down, I told myself that I didn't have anything to share with everyone else and that I wasn't good looking so I didn't deserve friends or a chance to date girls. I guess it didn't really help that my parents insisted on supervising my schoolwork even though I asked them not to. I also just kinda gave up on trying to fit in at school so I just closed myself off to most of my classmates. I went to an international school and because my country has mandatory military service, I figured I'd graduate, get conscripted, and make friends from my own country in the army. That thinking didn't help me out in the long run. When I did get enlisted, I realized I was pretty out of touch because of my lack of social interaction. I did eventually make some good friends, but I got bullied quite a bit in my first year :(. I'm done serving, but the bullying still gets to me; I mostly can't get over the fact that even after all those years of being bullied as a young kid, I still couldn't prevent myself from being taken advantage of as an adult. I still find myself having the same self-defeating ideas that held me back in high school (not good-looking, don't deserve friends, can't talk to girls, etc.) and I'm still scared of being judged whenever I meet someone new, or even when I interact with someone I know pretty well. I guess what I'm wondering is, how do I get over everything that happened, stop getting scared of being judged and/or taken advantage of, and generally build my self-confidence from there? 

http://instagram.com/couples2021Here is the accounf

I made a vlog about how my life sucked at school and how I might have made it better with hindsight.I also touch on how much better life got once I made it out in to the real world.If it helps even one person then it was worth it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUzHucVg-D0
So, to start this long story I'll start off by saying - yes some of these incidences were self-inflicted and I gave in to my anger the reason I'm writing this is to help me cope with it and try and vent a little. Ok. So first off lets start by saying I'm an 18 yo male who's not too thin or too chubby a bit tall curly hair and glasses. I'm not the image of strong. I'm looking to enter a chemistry university at the end of this year. However, a lot of things have been going on in my family as of late that's putting that at risk - a lot of stress from 1 family member nearly dying and the other having been diagnosed with cancer. Back when I was 12 I was accustoming to my new school - it was alright for the most part, but a lot of people for some reason had a bone to pick with me. And hey, I wouldn't usually let it fly - I'd get them kicked out of lessons by psyching them out across a class, never allowed people to threaten me without some retorts. My first memorable incident was with a classmate of mine. We were doing a bit of an energetic class project and in the jumble of it all he punched me. I looked at him he laughed and walked away. I then proceeded to spend the whole day harassing him till he apologised. Finally he snapped and bashed me against a wall as colleagues of mine just crowded to watch. He was much stronger than me. I only got him off my biting holes in his arm and shoulder. That was later resolved internally and we never had issues again. Later that same year someone 2 years above decided to harass me on the bus. Because they were so much bigger I just waited it out and avoid him as much as possible - I eventually got my mum to get him to back off - recently when I jogged into him and his ' buddies ' he tried to intimidate me. I just jogged on past. It's frustrating that I can't go on my favourite jogging route. In year 8 the girls decided to gang up on me, hold me down, while one of them punched me repeatedly in the gut. When they let go I got so angry I uprooted and old metal fence fixture and threatened them with it - they ran away. In year 9 I ran into someone in my year whom I'd had problems with ( not mentioned above ) beating a person 2 years younger than us with a chair - I later found out it was because he'd burst rubbish over their head and they smeared butter in his eyes. I intervened got the chair off him stopped him from strangling another younger student and held him in a headlock till the teachers arrived. Because he had ADHD he took advantage of it and got the teachers to side with him. I was disgusted when the teachers told me off but we compromised I would interact with him again. In year 11 two friends of mine- one who suffered a lot of bullying for being the smallest and weakest person in the school and the other a fairly normal person - were ganged up on by a scarily large group of people - easily about 20.One of them tried to start a fight with me but I was able to run my mouth long enough for the lesson bell to ring and we all left before the situation escalated.Since I entered college I've had no issues with bullying - until 3 days ago. A person slightly shorter than me and a bit scruffy looking walked up to me in the school canteen and asked me if I had threatened his sister. I replied with ( he'd given the name ) yes, because 5 years ago she had been yelling insults at me for over a week across the classroom over some dispute she'd had with a family member of mine. I got irritated and told her to shut up while waving safety scissors at her across the class. She reported it to the school and the police - needless to say I admitted I was wrong and I agreed I'd never interact with her again. Since then she's continually tried to call me over or shout my name when I walk by - every time ignoring her, she wasn't worth my time and I had other stuff to worry about. Needless to say he mentioned I'd held a knife to her throat - to which I told him ' She's a lying cunt if she told you that ' she walked in giggling and he said ' she's quite the little devil isn't she ' and I replied ' she's quite the fucking cunt is what she is '. He walked away and she tried to stay and taunt and I simply shouted in her face ' fuck off ' she got scared and ran off. A few minutes later she walked by saying ' wait till after school you remember what happened last time ' now I know she has 4 brothers - one of those families - and I shouted at the top of my lung ' nothing happened last time you cunt! '. Which got a few giggles and odd looks. I reported this and the college claimed to have dealt with it. Just yesterday as I was walking past one of her brothers - while alone no less - taunted me saying ' hey buddy how're you doing ' in a tone which implied that he was talking down to me. Now I'm very tired and simply said ' You don't want to go there ' and walked on. He then tried to call me over and repeat it. I shouted it and was about to throttle the pipsqueek against a wall - but my friend grabbed my arm and pulled me along telling me it wasn't worth it. I'm glad that he did that, because as much as it might seem I like violence - I don't, I hate conflict, I like being able to get along and understand everyone around me - violence is an answer I've hated having to resort to and I avoid it when possible. I've even left myself defenceless before in the hopes that the other party will understand that I don't want to fight them - I don't want to harm anyone. So I've just reported the most recent incident. Hopefully the college can deal with this internally. The only person in my family who knows is my dad - we're going through rough times and this is just going to cause them unnecessary pain. Anyway end of rant, I'm not particularly sad with my life. Just upset and annoyed that there are people out there who can't just bury the hatchet like I have - a lot of people in that list I learned to co-operate with - not friends with any mind you but we can live in the same world together. So I guess that's it. I've never really written a post before so I mean hopefully this isn't too weird, just never thought I'd be doing something like this.


They have incredible leverage and can get groups of people to do what they wish whether it be through market research exploitation or direct commentary. The indirect affect the have on people is probably more than minor, how do you feel browsing and posting on the internet knowing you are under supervision?                    Information is taken from our finger tips and used to exploit and control us, this is cruel and unusual bullying tactics. I feel I have been violated every time I log on for some 10 years. Why is this tolerated? Is their level of control warranted? Is it beneficial in any way, doesn't seem to be. Enforcement gets another resource to use and businesses get another to abuse. Thoughts?
There is somone who bullied me when I was growing up.  When I'd start to challenge the bullying, he'd say, "no back-talk".  I heard this 100s of times.  Trying to understand the psychology.  Why exactly did he not want to hear words back?



Trying to endure a bully I cannot escape. Can anyone recommend (1) a resource (book or youtube lecture), and (2) a type of therapist. I think it would ease the pain to understand the person and what motivates his bullying. A specific area of interest is how childhood trauma affects an adult.  Another is not taking things personally.  Thank you.
Trying to endure a bully I cannot escape. Can anyone recommend (1) a resource (book or youtube lecture), and (2) a type of therapist. I think it would ease the pain to understand the person and what motivates his bullying. A specific area of interest is how childhood trauma affects an adult.  Another is not taking things personally.  Thank you.
I was bullied from before the age of 6 till the age of 17~. At times, it was just teasing to varying degrees, sometimes it became physical [by which i mean people punched or did stuff to me, i don't have the body to be able to fight back]. I had pretty much no backing from family [not because they didnt care, just nothing they could do], friends [i had none until after i was 22 yrs old] and the school system [i will always remember one teacher in grade 9 who told me to just deal with it with regards to one specific recurring case that happened in a class]. pretty much my rather long story reallly has no happyness in it and none of the avenues or ways that the victimes are supposed to handle bullies ever worked on me.    in short, this has made me hate societal acceptance as I have realized that I sometimes without even knowing it, have done stuff just so that I don't fit in because I don't want to be accepted by a society that turned a blind eye to the injustices done on me for more than half my life. to some extent, i feel like at times i may subconsciously go out of my way to make sure i'm not accepted by society.  Don't misunderstand me, I don't hate people and I am often a rather cheerful and funny guy and have been called sociable and fun and stuff, but I have been told by close ones that my behavior/mannerisms isn't one that will be readily accepted by society just because of how odd I am and I have found that I don't actually want society's acceptance. society can go to hell as far as I am concerned.


Yes its true, my school got picked and were going to the universidy of my city and were talking about bullying that how it started and how we can talk about it. There is famous people there like singers,football players,people who started it,. We even get swag bags! 

Hey there, Im Juzzy, Creator of GFD (Gamers Fighting Depression) /r/gfd , so what are we and what do we do?Gamers Fighting Depression (or GFD) is a community of gamers coming together to help each other fight through the hardships of life. We've been through a lot together and will fight until each and every one of us has made it out of our dark times.None of us are professionals but we all have suffered mental illness in one form or another, be it depression, bipolar, ptsd, anxiety etc.Our goal isn't to fix the world because its not possible, at least alone we cannot do it, but what we can do is create an amazing environment for our members and for everyone to know they aren't alone in their fight and support and help is just around the corner and to take GFD into a world outside the internet and become a fully fledged Non for profit organization, its a big goal but we're all passionate about this fight and its a goal we hope to achieve together.So far we besides the Reddit page which is at 6k subscribers, we currently run 3 Kik groups    GFD chat 1 (General chat group)    GFD chat 2 (General Chat Group but with a smaller base)    GFD Support (The support group)We also host a Minecraft server Address : GFD.cantium-games.comPlus two VoIP server (Discord and Mumble) and IRC Channel.Plus a recently created twitter account! : https://twitter.com/__GFD__People offen say gaming can sink them more into depression to which its true and to which we agree, gaming can easily make u more depressed but you gotta look at it the like most things in life, it has potential to make you more depressed just as it has the potential to also pull you out of depression, the thing we're trying to do is not focus on gaming as a way to beat depression but rather helping people who have fallen into that bracket of being depressed communicate and talk to other gamers who are also depressed.We thank you for reading this and even if you think its not a good thing or its amazing we love to hear feedback, no one has to be alone in their fight.(note: cheers mods for letting me post! appreciated!)

Interesting post—this company, McGowans AC, is a pretty big HVAC company in Jacksonville Florida, put together a pretty good, in-depth anti-cyberbullying blog post. I think it's really interesting when this is getting discussed by companies that don't get any commercial benefit from discussing this issue. http://www.mcgowansac.com/stop-cyberbullying/
I've had enough bullying shit. I'm young and I'm done. People on here are leaving me hateful comments. I have a shut life as it is. I get called slut,whore,prostitute,thote, all sorts of shit. I'm only 15. I get bullied for everyone fucking thing. I wanted to share my stories on here and I get shit. I turned off comments cause of it. I hate reading the hateful comments. I might not be the best writer. Get the fuck over it. I get bullied at school.My message to everyone.Stop the bullshit. No one deserves torture. Pointing out flaws makes you stupid. Don't say, "ooh say needs to do this to be good. She sucks at writing." I'm actually a really good writer and just write shit. I don't give a damn what people think. But honestly bit gets to me sometimes. HAVE A FUCKING HEART AND STOP SAYING HATEFUL THINGS! I'm leaving comments on but if it gets bad again, they be gone. My physical bullying is at school. I get beat shitless. No one gives a fuck about me. I've fought back. I have a black eye as I'm writing this. My mental state is cracking. I've gone mad. People need to back the fuck off! You don't know what others are going through.
I made a Reddit account just for this issue, because I am in desperate need of help.So I moved into my new school about a year and a half ago, just at the start of high school. At the beginning of my junior year, I made a new friend name H (let's call her that), and me and her became best friend instantly. As I got to know her, I learned that one of her friends who she had been friends with since a very young age turned against her 3 years ago and started doing everything in her power to make H's life living hell. Every time H's life starts to get back in order and she becomes happy again, the bully (who is a girl) lashes out at her, turning all of her friends against her and pressures suicide, and saying how terrible H's life is and confronting her in person and bullying her on social media. My friend can not block her or ignore or avoid the bully because whenever she tries to, she is confronted in person and things get ugly. I try to do my best to keep this from happening, but the bully tends to wait until I am not around to bully H. My friend is a very sensitive girl and she is unable to fend for herself, and we can't get the school involved because this bully does all the heavy stuff outside school, and we can't contact authorities because nothing criminal has happened. H does get depressed easily, and this issue has left mental scars and is causing depression.Also: the bully finds joy when she is told to stop, and when she is confronted because she feels that when this happens, her bullying tactics are working and it makes her lash out harder.Please give any advice you can give, it would be greatly appreciated since I don't have experience with this and I don't know what to do.Thank you


If you’re fed up with bullying and ready to take action, then you’re the reason I’m writing this. I will be sharing some insight and tricks that will work for sure, as long as you commit to them. I'll also try to minimize the risks and go into detail about bullies as well.**Kindness is (sadly) perceived as a weakness:**A bullying victim's most redeeming quality is often their kindness and their willingness to forgive. Do not think that you can make a bully like you by treating them with kindness and respect. Acting this way actually makes you their most favorable target. Do not befriend just to get them to stop bullying you. Only befriend people who are worthy of your friendship. Just know that kindness can be one of your greatest strengths, but even simple acts of kindness should only be displayed to help others back up when they're down on their luck or when it's someone worthy of being your friend, but never a bully.**It does not get better with age:**It only seems to get better with age because you’re always gaining more insight and knowledge, which you subconsciously (or consciously) display to potential bullies. As we age, it’s easier to create distance between you and a bully as well, which can give us the illusion that bullying disappears as we age. But the bully will just find a more accessible victim if you get out of reach, so it does not actually disappear. I’ve had many internships throughout my life and something I realized is that we only age physically, not mentally. During these internships I’ve seen a quite a handful of fully grown people doing what they always did. The only difference was that they now bully other fully-grown people. Even my mother got bullied intensely by a mob of middle-aged bullies just because she worked too hard. Hearing about that infuriated me since my mother is so kind to even the worst people, up to a point where I can only admire the strength it needs to be such a person.**Bullies aren’t always bad people, it’s more of a social pressure mob mentality:**Bullies are quite often powerless about changing their actions even when they’re conscious about it. People can bully others without even realizing it, and the way they treat you in the presence of others also affects the way treat you. It’s all a vicious circle which is hard to break out of once you’re in it. But it’s very possible to do so if you want it badly enough.**Bullies (and how it’s all about mentality):**Bullying is (often) not specifically about you, but it’s about gaining social status. Bullying often creeps up on the bully just as gradually as it creeps up on their victim. When you’re being bullied by a group of friends, you think their leader is the one that started it, because he’s the face of the group. But the problem is often someone else in the group. I’ll get back to that in a minute.I’ve been bullied for a great deal of my life, up until I was 17. I’ve even been bullied by kids who would not stand a chance if I ever decided to fight back. One kid actually hit me in the face once while we were in a full school cafeteria. I stood up with anger and he literally ran as fast as he could while I gave chase. He threw over chairs as he ran past them to stop me from getting to him. And by the time I caught up, at that deciding moment, I had lost all the hatred and the anger I needed to once and for all get people to stop bullying me. So I ended up doing nothing to the kid, but I still felt great for doing it. Although shortly after, I reverted back to my bully-prone self. I had been given a few retries when I switched to different school or classes, but they all resulted in the same outcome. I realized that my kind and gentle attitude made me a bully magnet.For the past 8 years I’ve been working on never getting bullied again and I’ve not been bullied for all these years since I decided that enough was enough. I’ve gradually changed into a passive-aggressive asshole who does not take crap from anyone, but I’ll be kind to anyone that reminds me of my previous self and I’ll always defend them as well, even against my own friends. And I actually end up being the group leader every single time I desire to be. Most of these groups consisted the popular kids in classes and what I see every single time is that they long for my approval. They have opinions, which they voice to the leader, who then decides if their opinion is valid or not. When they want to tell a joke, they don’t address the group, but they address the leader and in turn, they’ll have the attention of the whole group. So, the most disgusting thing I often see if when they share their unwanted opinion of an ‘easy target’, therefore laying the groundwork for bullying by wondering what the group leader thinks of that person. This is what I meant to further elaborate at the beginning of this chapter. This is how bullying creeps up on who is mainly considered the ‘main bully’ even when they’re not. Because if the group leader does not discourage the group member from voicing their unwanted opinion about the easy target, then this will often escalate to them convincing the other members of the group to share the same opinion about the easy target. And that is often how actual bullying starts out. So even though the group’s leader is seen as the main bully, he can actually just be the ‘face’ of the group.So if you’re getting bullied by someone in a group, rather than the leader of that group. Then you can consider just walking up to the leader and speaking to them 1-on-1, telling them about that guy and how you know he can stop it from escalating. I can guarantee that some group leaders are far more understanding that you’d think resolving these problems by directly addressing the group leader can resolve the issue entirely, rather than trying to resolve the issue through school officials.**Preventing future bullying and how psyche plays a huge part in this:**When a group of people meet for the first time, they’ll immediately start to (subconsciously) work on establishing some kind of hierarchy between each other. People will immediately recognize any signs of weakness such as posture and will act accordingly. Not getting bullied starts from the very first time you meet someone, especially when it’s in a group setting. As soon as the hierarchy has been established, the bullying / keeping in check of those lower on the hierarchy will bear it’s fruit. If you end up at the bottom on of this hierarchy, you won’t even be able to achieve something as simple as walking next to the group-leader when your group decides to go somewhere. I can guarantee you that you’ll be walking in the back, thinking it’s your own choice, which it is in the case where you’ve gotten accustomed to walking in the back of the group. Okay, this social status isn’t a bad thing at all and it also isn’t the reason you’ll get bullied. But the attitude that got you placed in that social status IS the reason you’re susceptible to being bullied. Sometimes on the same day or in the same week, at some point someone in the group will start looking to secure their current or a higher status within the hierarchy at the cost of another person in this hierarchy (classrooms also have hierarchies). They will do this by picking an easy target (or a harder target depending on their confidence) within the hierarchy, and they’ll try to poke at the target with remarks so they can determine a starting threshold which ultimately leads to the feeling of bullying that will make their target feel miserable most of the time. This is also how others will either shoot down the aggressor (the harder target) or join in in bashing the easy target together with the aggressor, to further their own agenda. More confident guys will often pick the harder target (a potential bully) and will therefore shoot to the top of the hierarchy within a short time span. I’m sure you’ve seen this happen a few times, such as when a classmate become popular very quickly after transferring into your class. This is how they do it. This is how it all starts and it’s also the reason that you often hear about bystanders not helping out when a classmate / friend gets bullied. Because if they speak up, they will be confronted by the aggressor and unless they ‘win’, they’ll be more susceptible to bullying because their place within the hierarchy took a hit. There’s a lot more depth to it, such as when someone on the low end of the hierarchy challenges someone on the high end, then bystanders will butt in to bash on the one on the low end of the hierarchy, because it’s a safe way to secure their place, which means that the one on the high end of the hierarchy does not even have to say a word. This is why you might feel powerless when you decide to call out your bully on their behavior.**On the fence-bullying:**These are the kind of bullies who make you feel bad one day, but act like your friend on another day. They'll be especially kind to you when they need you, such as when they're paired up with you during a school or work assignment. These bullies are mostly harmless when you confront them and you can just calmly, but firmly give them an ultimatum telling them that you do not like the way they often treat you and that it confuses you. You can tell them that if they do not change their attitude towards you, you'll see them as someone not worth treating as a friend, regardless of their stance on the subject. From that point on the ball is in your court and all you have to do is to go through with it if they do not wish to meet the terms of your ultimatum. It’s not like you’ll lose a friend over it.**The bully that threatens with violence to keep you in check:**The only reason they threaten to resort to violence is when you did something they did not approve of, which is a step in the right direction. And in order to stop this bully from harassing you, you’ll have to make him decide that bullying you takes up too much risk, time & effort compared to what they get out of it (in terms of social status / approval of others).I once got into a fight with a classmate who pretended that he was calling all his friends and that they would wait for me after school, so his nephew could beat me up. I told him he either shakes my hand or I beat him up right then and there, before his friends and nephew arrived. And that I would beat him up every single time I'd see him, if he went through with this. He shook my hand and made a comment about how I was trembling in fear. But what he did not know that the adrenaline surging through me made me tremble, and I already had my fist clenched and I was so ready to throw him through the entire classroom if he did not comply.A passive way of creating more retaliation-risk is to start working out as it does so much more for you than just make you look more dangerous in the case you’ll ever retaliate. This also makes him think twice before physically threatening you again.An aggressive way of doing it is to work on your roasting skills, as in insulting/degrading/denigrating him so that each time he tries to make a quick remark that is directed at you, he’ll have to hope you won’t retaliate verbally, because that could hurt his status.Another aggressive way of stopping your bully is to go crazy at a carefully planned moment and keeping up with it as long as he does not back off. You plan for this by standing up for yourself up to a point where you’re guaranteed to get insulted by him each time you see him. Then when a teacher is nearby, you confront him and tell him he annoys you. Or you drop the word “bullying” during your confrontation. He’ll either stay quiet and you can walk away while insulting him and dropping the line “And don’t threaten to beat me up after school under the protection of your friends, because some day you’ll be alone and then I’ll strangle you with your own intestines”. The teacher will probably intervene when you say this, which is just as good as them letting you walk after saying all that. Just make sure you stay calm and collected and smile at your bully. Nothing is as dangerous to a bully as a victim claiming to want to kill them with a smile. In case he does not stay quiet and provokes you during the confrontation, that’s when you physically attack him and try to do as much damage as you can. There’s no reason not to a chair or something else to hit him with, as long as you really put on a show. It also does not matter if he’s stronger than you because the teacher will break you up as quickly as possible. After that, you’ll drop that same graphic line that I shared earlier. And you’ll probably both have to meet with the principal. Make sure you do not apologize and be very vocal about his bullying and how you refuse to forgive him. Getting expelled for a week isn’t a punishment, it’s the best case scenario. And storming out of the principal’s office isn’t a bad thing either. Just make sure you make a scene on your way out and be sure to do it all with a smile. Because as soon as you’re back in school, nobody will try to mess with you as long as you don’t revert back to your bully-prone self. It sucks to be called the crazy kid, but unlike bullying, people won’t say it to your face. But you’ll also be surprised by the amount of people saying that what you did was justified. And you’ll now be given more space to develop into the person you want to be, instead of always being constrained by bullies.You really have to ride the crazy train on this one. But if you’re forced to do this, then you have nothing to lose and everything to gain, while they have nothing to gain and everything to lose.**The reason why I focus only on male bullies with this post:**Even though women also have almost the same hierarchy as men, their ways of bullying are often less direct and more concealed / harder to pinpoint, and far more destructive.**TL;DR:**The process to stopping a bully is real easy, but preparing to undertake the process can be quite hard. Bullying isn’t so much about why the bully does it, but about why you’re chosen as the victim. To stop bullying, you’ll have to realize what makes a bully decide on you as the victim in the same way a criminal decides on who to rob. Criminals (in general) are deterred when the profit does not exceed the risk by a large margin. Once you realize that bullies often have something to gain from bullying you, of which the most common gain is social status, then you can deter them by lessening the appeal of bullying by decreasing the gap between the cost & gain of bullying you.


Barristers depression is mostly from Guilty Conscience fromall the lies they tell to get their clients out of killing babies and toddlers and children and adults.  Amazing Judges/Coroners do not get it as well as they let the crooks off.

I wish I knew back in high school that popularity doesn't last forever. That the bullying and the mean things people said will stop. When you're in high school the only thing you can think of is the now, but pain is only temporary. Once you go your separate ways after high school the bullying will end. I wish everyone who is being bullied right now knew that this situation is only temporary, it may feel like the end of the world. It may be very painful to bare but hang in there because I promise you it will get better. Back when I was getting bullied by my so called friends I too thought it was the end of the world. That my life sucked and it was never going to get better. But that is sooooooooo extremely far from the truth. There are people out there who love you and there are more people out there in this world who have yet to meet you, but once they do they will love you just as much. So hang in there and keep your head up because there are better days ahead. You may not know it yet but you have an amazing, bright future ahead of you and no bully is going to take that away from you.
All through high school I was bullied by people whom I thought were my friends. I was bullied to the point that my senior year I almost didn't graduate, I stopped going to school a month before graduation. I refused to even go to my graduation in fear that kids would make fun of me as I was walking across the stage. I was bullied to the point that I thought about committing suicide, I cried every single day wishing for it to stop. My high school refused to do anything about it because the principle and other advisers never witnessed it themselves and claimed I had just made it up. Our school, along with many schools now have a 0 tolerance policy on bullying, but yet they still refuse to do anything about It. I woke up this morning to the news of a 14 year old girl from my old high school had committed suicide due to bullying, in school and cyber bullying, yet the school never helped her, the students who bullied her never got in trouble for it and it seems highly unlikely that now that she passed away they will actually do something about it.. Why have a 0 tolerance policy if you aren't going to help those who are bullied?!
Going to summarize a bit. Throughout my childhood I minded my own business for the most part and thought i was being regular. I have a great amount of close family i grew up with and were always part of me. However one memory of mine is sticking out the most to me at the moment. I remember my closest cousins I grew up with, purposely did an act of bullying (pressured me into flushing a toy down the toilet then immediately telling on me.). These cousins have always stuck up for me (verbally abusive grandfather) and i grew to love them. Moving past childhood we were as regular as it gets, comfort and all, branching out to my own personal circles and things like that. Everything seems ok.Until recently. The current question in my head is did anyone ever take me seriously. Im at a very chaotic point in life where even the people ive grown to love is at question. Im currently living with a couple friends and have noticed they are not the people I thought they used to be. Recently I talked to my cousins and caught off-handedly some comments that didn't seem like themselves, like they were hiding another person. It makes it hard to go every single day with the fear that i cant trust anybody. I know that my cousins could've just been messing around with the whole prank thing, but im at the point where i think my whole life was a prank to everybody. I feel like my cousins have just been bullying me my entire life. Also, my family has been making me seems like 'the' special one, and its now dawning on me they could've just been pitying me this whole time. Im not sure who to talk to or even what to think anymore. I just know my one answer is to trust in my own life. I also recognize that nobody wants to have another person's whole life as their responsibilty so I should just suck it up, but me being so close to everyone, losing it and being in the middle of it all is just difficult. My first move would be to move into my own apartment and think freelyThoughts?
I sent a message to my bully ten years ago on Facebook. Today he apologized to me from the heart.Here is the message I sent ten years ago: Hey, I know we have our history dating back to middle school, but I'd like to start over again, fresh, as if I just met you. My past is cluttered, that's for sure, but I'd like to start over with a clean slate in college. I hold no grudges against you or anything --  as a matter of fact, I respect you. You're a very cool-headed person to be around and I have treated you badly in the past. Whether you know it or not you have taught me some very important lessons in life. You've inspired me to be more friendly and outgoing. I'd like for you to add me so we could hang out some time. If you'd ever like to go skydiving or river rafting, I've got some friends who would like to go too, and could probably tell you the best places to go. Consider this my formal amends to you.And here is his response: Hey [Ampyxx],As I opened this up to write I noticed the message you sent years ago which I don't remember ever seeing and I'm sorry for that. I just wanted you to know that I'm very sorry for how I and some of the other students treating you in school. There's honestly no excuse or reason for it and I can't imagine what you must have dealt with. It took serious strength on your part to put up that and I really respect you for it. I teach high school now and we do a lot to prevent bullying. The other day a student asked me if I had ever bullied someone and I remembered the way we used to act towards you and instantly my heart sank. I am deeply sorry for anything I may have done or said. I also remember how you never backed down and that must have taken a lot of guts. I'm sorry I never saw your previous message and I hope this one finds you well. What are you up to these days? I hope things are going well and that you have found a path that makes you happy. Again, I truly regret how I treated you and I appreciate your effort to make amends years ago. Hope the offer still stands!

Well there has been this guy in my year who has been bullying me and calling me shit recently. Yesterday I snuck up behind him and punched him in the head repeatedly until a teacher broke up the fight, forcing this kid to leave the room crying.I was excluded for a couple days and hes still at school.Well it turns out he has been talking shit about me, calling me a "dirty fighter" for hitting him from behind. He apparently wants a rematch.The truth is, this guy is alot stronger than me and I could end up getting into a fight or worse when I return to school.What do I do????

Someone in my school has threatened to have me beat up by a boy in the year above me. This boy has been to a young offenders centre for breaking another boys jaw. What can I do to stop this?It's also worth mentioning that this boy is a delinquent drop out who doesn't care about getting punishments.I know that people will say 'Just ignore them' or 'tell an adult' but to be fair That doesn't make me look like a brave person, if there is a way to beat this I will gladly take the advice. And also my friends aren't the most violent people either.Update!!!I saw the boy was a lone today (the one who threatened to get this other boy to hit me) and I said to him. "Do you really think that a threat will scare me"Me being 5'11 and him being around 5'4 must have intimidated him and then he nervously laughed and told me he was joking. I guess what I did has worked. Thanks for the advice. I'm 14 by the way
It all started when I moved to the city I live in now. I knew it was going to be hard, being the new kid at a new school. Everyone was in pre-school-1st grade together, there I was, a stranger to everyone. The teacher wanted everyone to introduce themselves and what teacher they had, blah blah blah. I said what teacher I had and everyone looked at me like I was a freak. The teacher asked if I was new to the city, I said yes, she asked that everyone made me feel welcomed. Boy did they make me feel welcomed. Getting pushed into the sand, stealing my lunch, throwing a handball at me... 2nd grade wasn't the best, two girls I thought were my friends would be making fun of me behind my back. There was this one kid who was nice to me because he was also new, but he moved after the school year ended. (We reconnected our Junior year when we were in the same class since he moved back in the middle of the school year). 3rd grade was no different, this girl named Shawnice was the main bully. Throwing whatever she can at me, STEALING my jacket, breaking a necklace I had then stealing it. Calling me names, getting me in trouble because she told the principle I was lying. One time she even managed to get a tether ball rope to wrap around my neck. These 2 other kids, Francisco and Steve. Fuck those guys. Steve gave me this super cool Pokemon binder, next day, the teacher is yelling at me cause Steve the dirtbag told her I stole it from his backpack. Francisco, he was just making my life miserable. Hitting me with his textbook, pushing me, literally pushed me off the jungle gym a couple times. These 2 pricks threw a basketball at me, tackled me to the ground, dragged me, tore my sweater off, tried taking my shirt off all because they were "looking for something". They were very grabby. 3RD GRADE THIS SHIT HAPPENED. 4th was just, not good for me. Same with 5th. Middle school, things got worse. Threats from kids older than me, fights, fights with people's cousins. This one specific day, 7th grade, I was eating lunch in the cafeteria minding my own business, this girl Jordan comes up and sits across from me and tells me "You're Suzy right? We're in homeroom together; Jorge and his cousin are gonna try to beat you up after school". Some GUY and his 21 YEAR OLD cousin were gonna come beat me up after school. Long story short, the cousin never showed, i beat up a guy. High school was the worst, typical cliche I know. 9th grade, this guy grabbed my butt, ran to a group of guys and they pointed and laugh, few weeks later, same thing happened except this time he added a butt slap and boob grope. Never found out. People from different high schools I never met coming to my school, finding me and going off on me for knowing "their friends". Yep, that was their reason. I've been suspended, almost expelled and came close to getting a ticket many times. The VP even pulled up a message "I" sent to this one girl on MySpace threatening to "get my gangster brothers and cousins" to beat her ass. SHE was the one who sent that to me. I have 2 brothers and neither of them are "gangsters" I only have one male cousin and he has a PhD, so yeah in a way he is gangster cause he has a freaking PhD! These people made me feel worthless. I've self harmed many times. My tattoos are strategically placed to cover the scars. I am 22, and 2 years ago until just a few months ago, I was being harassed once again. I have attempted suicide 5 times. This mysterious person harassing me was discovered to be an ex and his gorilla sister. I destroyed their careers because well they deserved it. Being a computer whiz has it's perks. Getting bullied still happens every so often, and it's always hard to deal with it. I've had anxiety and depression for 15 years now. Whenever someone starts bullying mr, I freeze, it's like I'm 7 years old again. It feels like there's no escaping it, every time I think I have a friend, they turn their back on me and betray me. I only talk to one person, and I rarely talk to him. My supposed best friend of 10 years would rather be with her boyfriend than hang out with me. (Her son is my godson). The last time I saw her was March 2015 and we rarely ever talk. Just a few hours ago, I got a spam of messages on Facebook from someone I stupidly trusted. I won't go into details of the messages, but it ended with "You're a pathetic, attention seeking poser. Acting like you're going to kill yourself? You're a pathetic, stupid loser"Now, I feel like I'm 7 again. Bullying can destroy someone's mental stability. It takes over your thoughts, it makes you hate yourself, everything about yourself. 




I never thought I'd have to ask for advice like this at this age but here we go. So, after many years of being unwell with undiagnosed asperger syndrome (AS) and other various mental health issues I decide to return to full time education in September 2015. Of course I was extremely terrified at going back into interacting with people, however I made quite a few 'friends' here initially. It was all good for a few months. Fast forward to November/December and I start a process of being diagnosed with AS. I get this in January this year. Whilst all of this was going on I had a lot of time off College before the Christmas break. These absences were authorised by the course leader and they were due to various physical and mental ailments at the time. This meant that I didn't have to sit some exams that the other students did and I get to take them at a later date. So the Christmas break happens and the initial group of friends I had starts to break into smaller groups, which is fine as I know this is a natural thing to happen. The group of friends I was closest too start to ignore me over the Christmas break. I didn't think much of it to be honest, as I assumed everyone was busy. I return to college after Christmas and this group of 'friends' look straight at me and ignore me. I was like okay, this is odd after us being relatively close before Christmas. I speak to one of the other girls and she was a little off with me. I don't ask her why, I just continue to speak to her as normal. Next, came the breaks and lunch hours, they walk off without me, sit at different tables and just blank me. I find out that they have started up a separate group conversation on whatsapp/facebook without me. I just don't understand it. I message one of the girls about everything going on (the one who still sort of spoke to me) and she denied anyone was doing anything wrong and she didn't understand why I felt this way, despite me explaining everything. This behaviour by these other women continued this resulted in me sending an email to my course leader about how uncomfortable and upset I was by what was happening. I explained that I felt excluded and that I was being bullied due to this. The next day I get a hostile message from the girl I still sort of spoke to, as it turns out one of the college lecturers had spoken to them all as a group about my email to the course leader! The girl said to me "so I hear you want to move classes because of us?!". The only way she would've known about this is because of the email I sent to the course leader. This has made the entire situation worse tenfold. All I wanted to do was move classes away from this hostile environment on the quiet, now they all know what I've said in confidence. This whole thing is causing severe depression. I know it doesn't 'sound' very severe but it is to me. I feel very immature emotionally and a similar thing happened to me in High School aged 14. I swore since then that I wouldn't let people walk all over me again, but it's affecting my mental health negatively. I feel like I can't go back even more now because they seem to know everything that I've said in this email. If this was a form of physical bullying would she still have approached those involved?  I don't see it as any different. What on earth can I do. I just need some support and to know that I'm not actually "crazy" or "dramatic" as I've been made to feel by these girls and this college. I have a student support worker and I have emailed her about all of this also. She has also spoken to the girl involved and of course she would give her side of the story without me getting mine across properly. I just feel like the world is against me at the moment. I *know* when I've been wronged and made to feel like a loser. ***TL;DR Victim of covert bullying at college i.e, ignoring, excluding, sitting away from me when we were previously friends. College are aware, but they have breached my confidentiality by approaching these girls and telling them things I told in confidence to the course leader. Need some advice.
And would you be willing to share a link to it?


i'm in 8th grade and I've been bullied as long as i can remember.about 2 weeks ago it got a little out of hand when one of the boys made a Facebook page about me and put inappropriate  images of women and started making fun of me and within a week every one knew but i persisted and ignored them as it was something teachers always said (cause they're to busy lazing around to do anything) but it only got more out of hand and finally   the ringleader of the operation started insulting me and when that didn't affect me he banged my head on the wall and i started crying.but that's not the end of the story the staff took me to the higher ups and obviously he started lying about how i was the one who started calling him curse words and since everyone was in on it he got away.i'm currently thinking of taking revenge but i can't because i already have a bad rep also if you're reading this sam (not his real name) i hope you and your family and friends get cancer and die.       

Let me preface this post by saying:1.This is not a joke.2. I have Aspergers Syndrome.I'm highly functional and live a normal life:Friends, job and a even a girlfriend.What I don't have sometimes is the ability to understand others and am always are that I'm different.Often I'll get depressed about these facets of my life.I've been frequenting a bar for quite sometime and have had no problems what-so ever, except a female bartender purposely goes out of her to be extra icy to me.All my friends go there and I typically feel comfortable unless she's there.Last night my girlfriend and I were there last night, where I witnessed her brazenly putting me down with no subtly.My girlfriend and I were looking at photos we took on my phone, one of them caught the attention of a new barback there. He struck up conversation with us and wanted to know where it was taken. A few times more he came back to talk with us, I ended the conversation by giving him by business card so we could get back to work, contacting me later.During one more quick conversation the bartender yelled at me for talking to him and told me "stop talking to him, you're not doing him any favors by fucking up my job with your conversation.He passed us bye and said "yikes" and then again to say "I'm so sorry, that was very hostile."When we're getting another beer the bartender asked if I was okay and I asserted myself calmly with "you made my partner and I very uncomfortable, we both think you should have chastised him and not a customer."She fired back: "well you can be quite friendly and it's annoying, it's like you try to hard. I don't like you and I'll ban you if you say one more word to me."I was shocked, I told another employee and he spoke to the barback and said there's nothing that can be done: "you'll just have to deal with her being like that."The bartender has a mutually friend with my girlfriend and texted him to tell her that I threatened her (this did not not happen.) My girlfriend got s text stating I threatened this woman and its created a huge backlash and I have no traction at all.What can I do?Anything helps.Has anyone else been bullied by a very liked manilulator?



I'm want to be non-reactive to those who bully.  Could somone please help me understand very thoroughly such behavior. An explanation more thorough than just "they're acting out frustrations" would be helpful. An evolutionary explanation might be best.  Thank you very much
Hello, I am going to be sharing a condensed story of my sixth form/college bully. Lets call her by her real name, Nicole C.S. She moved to my school last September so this story clearly won't be as horrific as many others on reddit but hear me out. She joined this particular school since she is going out with some boy named Joe H, also not a nice person. At all. At the beginning of the new school year I felt like she was shy as she was new so I tried being friends with her, I was part of her friendship group but I never actually clicked with her but I tried my best to be nice and act friendly despite her and some of her friends constantly giving me grief. Now I only joined their friendship group since I became close friends with a girl, called, Cee (not her name). Nicole and her friends gave her verbal abuse too and she ended up leaving but not because of Nicole, she missed her friends and didn't like the school. So once Cee had left I had no reason to continue to be friends with the group, I hung with my OG' crew and that was that. Thats when the bitching worsened. She would constantly bitch about me, so I would stick up for myself and people would twist words and we ended up hating eachother, that was the last of communication between me and Nicole. I took part in a school play: The lord of the flies. Joe H was the main character, I had a small part but considering I am very introverted it was a big thing for. There were arguments between me and Joe, all of which were made up by yours truly, Nicole. Once all performances were completed, the play's program with photographs of the cast had been vandalised. Joe, Nicole and their group of thugs had criticised almost all of us, however my photograph was the worst. They had crossed my eyes out, rated me as the worst actress and replaced my name with the word BITCH. I ignored this despite my friends telling me to get back at them. When 2016 began I decided I would try and put their antics behind me and attempt to make peace. They've made remarks continuously but I have just let them slide, I havent spoke to these people in about 2 or 3 months however today she was telling people how much of a slut I am. The one quote I know for certain she said was "you can pull your tights off faster then you put them on for J". It is somewhat amusing since anyone that knows me knows how utter bull that statement is.I wanted to share this, mainly because I would like people to remember that if you feel like you are being bullied but since it's not physical it's not as important, you're wrong. It is important. Confide in someone you think can help resolve this, remember this may not always be school. 
I made some noisy things in my school anonymously. A few people seemed to hate that, then they planned and humiliated me publicly on social network for what I had done. They also knew some of my secrets and used them. I tried to figure who they were but I was unable to. However from what they had done I knew what group they were from. I retaliated them for having humiliated me. I didn't know if it caused them any damage, but the one who is behind all the plans showed up. He taunted me and he didn't seem to be afraid at all. I check his social network account and realized who he was. Somehow he wanted me to know more about him, as when I saw his profile, he had higher education, he was richer, more famous, more handsome and lots of great friends (who have high social positions, good employment, etc.). I don't think if I have intelligence, as my study is just moderate, the only thing I think I have is my persistence, kind of 'never give up' stereotype. Should I be against him, or just retreat? If I retreat will he leave me alone?

Hello everyone out there. I am a student at the university in Sweden that studies about leadership roles and how it affects bullying as a part of my final exam in human resources. Bullying is a large problem that affects work and schools, in many cases this problem goes unsolved and the victims suffer unnecessarily. Sometimes we can rely on strong leaders that will help us to stop it imminently, but sadly there is leaders that also takes part in the bullying or choose to ignore it because they are afraid to deal with it. Which leads to more suffering for the victim. I choose this site to collect my material since I don't believe in polls or anything like that would give me the picture that match reality. Through this way everyone is anonymous and I won't ask for your addresses or anything like that since I know how sensitive this topic is. All I want to know is your experience and read your story as either a victim or as an observer of bullying. It can be at work or at school you have experienced it.I myself have been a victim to constant bullying in school so I know how sensitive this topic is to talk about and how hopeless you can feel when the world seems against you. But those that feel like want to share their stories are free to do so, as I said I won’t ask for your real names or your e-mails or anything like that.Those that want to share please give me a detailed story (at least as much detailed as you can) about how your situation was. Was it tense that you felt not welcomed or was it good in the beginning but it suddenly turned and became hostile and unwelcomed? Was it a person or a group that was bullying you? What you think could have been the cause of the bullying? How did you feel? What did your boss or teacher do to stop it? As I say, those that want to can share their stories and I hope there are people that want to do so. 
I have been dealing with a lot of memories lately, and been doing some reading on the subject.  I had experiences when I was young that I have never told anyone about, that nobody knows except for me, the bully, and any witnesses.  I will try to make this brief, but I am afraid that it will be long once I get going.  I have read some stories on here recently that were very difficult to read.  I felt like I didn't have the same courage that many of you have shown, by telling your stories.  So, I am going to do my best, and hopefully maybe reading this will help someone else.  I'm 42 years old and from a small town in the midwest.  I am an only child, and we lived in a small neighborhood in a rural area so I didn't have a lot of friends.  I was a very innocent child, from an early age I always longed just to be accepted.  My early years were awesome, I had great parents who I felt loved by, they spent time with me and we did family activities regularly.  I was raised to be nice to people and treat others how I wanted to be treated.  I really never did anything bad or got into trouble.  I got along with most other kids at school, but I always felt different.  Like I didn't get picked on, but I wasn't popular, like I would see the popular kids and want to be friends or included but it just never happened and I didn't understand it.  This feeling got worse through the years.  I was quiet and small, and I was more innocent than a lot of kids who would talk about watching scary or R rated movies, etc, smoking cigarettes, sex, things I hadn't been exposed to and knew nothing about.  So if those subjects would come up on the playground, maybe I'd get laughed at for not knowing as much, but not a huge deal.  Just enough that I began to feel "different" from everyone else, and I wanted to fit in.In junior high, they took us small town kids and brought us into a nearby bigger city for 7th grade.  It was pretty overwhelming.  I was a little kind of country boy and they had name brand clothes etc that I'd never seen before, and I learned quickly that this was important.  I don't remember how or when it started, but I started getting bullied.  Something about me made me a target.  It's been a long time so I really only remember the worst.  I dealt with both verbal and physical.  I'm not able to describe details.  My wife and I have talked about it many times.  I have told her my deepest and most painful secrets but I can't tell this.  My parents began fighting a lot and my home life became chaotic.  I never told them because I was embarrassed, I wanted them to be proud of me and not worry about me.  And I didn't want to add to this new instability that I didn't understand.  It really affected my life in many ways.  It took the last of my childhood innocence.  I learned to try to blend in and not be noticed, which I continue to this day socially.  I was taught that any attention in a group situation was going to be negative.  It has affected my personal relationships in that women I have been with want to go to social events etc and I am not able to "mingle" or whatever.  I stay in the background and only speak if someone speaks first.  I have been perceived or accused of being rude or unfriendly when it's just that I'm not comfortable because it's so ingrained in me.I got to high school and was just so fed up that I wasn't going to be a victim anymore.  I accepted that I was never going to be accepted or popular and embraced it.  Basically I wasn't going to take any shit from anyone anymore and started sticking up for myself, and for the most part got left alone.  I started training in mixed martial arts in my 20's and lost the last of my fear for other men.  I have slowed my own training down but became a trainer.  My mid 20's nephew is my main student, showing him everything I know and we get out on that mat and throw down, even at my current age.  He's so much like me out there that it's eerie.  But I go back to that kid in junior high and just be so angry with him, like my god just stand up for yourself.  Why did I let it happen?My wife and I talked a while back, I got upset, and raised my voice and I said how, even at my current age, if I ever run into my main abuser, I will do my best to beat him to death without speaking a word.  I have felt that way for a long time, and continue to.  Obviously that wasn't received well, she said I have to get over it because otherwise it has power over me.  I understand what she's saying, but I don't think that she understands just how deeply the experience shaped me.If you read this far, thank you for reading, and I hope that my story may help someone in some way.  The best or only advice I can give is to just keep going and do your best not to let your experience shape you, the way I let it shape me.  Find an outlet such as martial arts, it's the best thing I ever did for myself in this lifetime.  It gave me the confidence and ability to make sure nobody ever hurt me again.

I guess it's time for me to admit what I've created. In all seriousness, I published my first novel, Citizen Justin, this past weekend and I would love for everyone here to give it a chance not because I want to make a profit but rather because I really would hope that most other people would never go through what I experienced. For anyone interested, here's the link: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01AZT7A30?*Version*=1&*entries*=0
The bully is the teacher. He says hurtful things to students all the time. He also admitted to setting us up for failure since the beginning of the year. Now 99% of students in 3 periods are failing. Many have grades as low as 1%. Is it okay for a teacher to do something like this. He admitted to it in front of the entire class. We want to stand up for ourselves because this is just wrong but are not sure what to do. He even threatened to "make the class hell" if we challenged him and said "I will embarrass you". Many of us fear him because he honestly bullies us. Whenever someone answers a question wrong he makes a big deal and gets mad. Some people who normally participate so much don't answer questions becuase they are scared if they are wrong he will say something offensive. Someone has already tried talking to him about this but that didn't go well. Someone please help.
The bully is the teacher. He says hurtful things to students all the time. He also admitted to setting us up for failure since the beginning of the year. Now 99% of students in 3 periods are failing. Many have grades as low as 1%. Is it okay for a teacher to do something like this. He admitted to it in front of the entire class. We want to stand up for ourselves because this is just wrong but are not sure what to do. He even threatened to "make the class hell" if we challenged him and said "I will embarrass you". Many of us fear him because he honestly bullies us. Whenever someone answers a question wrong he makes a big deal and gets mad. Some people who normally participate so much don't answer questions becuase they are scared if they are wrong he will say something offensive. Someone has already tried talking to him about this but that didn't go well. Someone please help.
The bully is the teacher. He says hurtful things to students all the time. He also admitted to setting us up for failure since the beginning of the year. Now 99% of students in 3 periods are failing. Many have grades as low as 1%. Is it okay for a teacher to do something like this. He admitted to it in front of the entire class. We want to stand up for ourselves because this is just wrong but are not sure what to do. He even threatened to "make the class hell" if we challenged him and said "I will embarrass you". Many of us fear him because he honestly bullies us. Whenever someone answers a question wrong he makes a big deal and gets mad. Some people who normally participate so much don't answer questions becuase they are scared if they are wrong he will say something offensive. Someone has already tried talking to him about this but that didn't go well. Someone please help.
Why does bullying exist in work? you think that once you get out of school there should be no bullying or harrasments only to find that adults at work can be twice as bad when it comes to bullying! Thwice this week i have seen a poor co-worker of mine taking several treats and abuses from the other co-workers. he is so sweet and kind and yet why does he have to suffer this? I have been to my boss and talk about it but no reaction nor help there. He only says; "i will look at it" like it was a buisness problem and not a human that was suffering. yesterday i got so mad at them that i yelled right in their face to stop and act like grown ups. they stopped, but then the manager called in ME for my behavior! Because i stood up for somebody who was treaten badly! I was so mad that i wanted to yell several thing in the managers f* face. luckily i didn't since it would do nothing good, but i did tell him the truth about it all and what i thought about bullying at work... then he looked at melike it was a new thing although i have told him several times! Once again he said "i will look at it", but i know he never will. have anyone been through something similar? how did you guys handle this? I know that i maybe shouldn't be involved but if this continue more people will suffer because of this.
The video features a tall black teen and shorter white teen. The black teen approaches the white teen and the white teen then breaks a glass bottle across the black teens face. 

Excuse my english, but my sister has for some time been the victim of terrible abuse from their own employees. In the beginning, everything seemed fine, she got along with her boss and her colleagues, she felt happy since she liked her work and she had a promising future to become something bigger there she wasworking. But for some reason this turned when they got a new manager who instead of being strict and accurate, was more reserved and evasive. he could often be found in his office, pretending doing some work when he actually was trying to avoid contact with the others. He did not answer on his messanges, especially not if it was about conflicts that needed to be sorted out or if there was somethign that needed to be fixed right ahead. The work was suffering and it led to the imposition of duties increased because of this. the pressure got on the workers as well, because somewhere there... my sister's own employees started to turn against her and began to give her a hard time. They whispered terrible things behind her back, yelled at her for things she had not done or would have, called her stupid and no one wanted her there along with other things. They even tried many times to make sure she would lose the job by taking pictures of her when she did certain things or make sure that she would fail in any way they could come up with. The manager in turn did nothing, just sat there and looked at it all even though he knew that this was wrong and that she had not done anything to deserve this. In the end it was she who had to quit (the boss made her quit) both because the pressure became so great and, due to her work began to suffer. This made us, her family furious and we insisted that he did something about it since it was not her that the problem was. and he had no rights to make her quit like that. Moreover, he had not taken any action to stop the harassment.This is not fair. My sister ended up in the emergency room twice because her blood pressure rose and she became so burned out that she fainted several times, one time she hit her head so badly that she had to be rushed to hospital. Yet he did nothing, now she is better and all but still he could have prevented it all if he at least tried. there are so many out there who are experiencing the same thing and no one helps or try to solve the problem. Not even the manager even though it is his responsibility to ensure that everyone will enjoy and feel good at their work. He just sat there, cowardly and evasive, but to take and do something about it.
As a teenager I was bullied in high school.It was really awful at times. I used to feel terror before walking home from school everyday and my art teacher would often give me a car ride.  I never told anyone about the bullying but I guess she suspected something, hence why she would offer to drive me the few blocks home (and out of her way).At one point, a close friend of mine at school was beaten up so badly he soiled himself.  The fear of similar acts felt very real.Somehow, my tormenters were never able take away my belief in my own self worth.  My family believed that I had artistic talent. I held onto that and I could hold it above my tormenters. My art teachers bolstered that belief in myself.I eventually left home for college and went to art school in The Big Apple. That was a leap of faith and I’m so glad I took it. Everyday for the last 15+ years I’ve been making my art and loving the process of creating more and more.Life is still full of bullies. I’ve encountered them in the workplace and on the streets of NYC – I even had a brick thrown at me.  But, now I know who I am and I am not afraid.  If anything, my wife wishes I would tone down the confidence!  Ha!  As an adult I don't often think about the bullying I experienced. I don’t even remember the names of those kids but back then they made me miserable. My experience inspired me to make a short animation and I thought this subreddit would be a good place to share.  https://youtu.be/dSdu8cUKroII hope you enjoy.  Thanks for listening to my story!


So I'm in my final year of secondary school, can't wait to get out and get in to college.But, I'm bullied like anything in school, there's this particular guy who is an overweight acne ridden very loud and doesn't care what he says type of freak that I just hate, but he manages to be popular amongst other people that used to be my friends and annoys me almost everyday in school and on social media. I don't like controversy I'm very much a person that talks to a few people, and keeps to myself the majority of the time but he annoys me every fucking day and I'm so sick of him.There's no avoiding him right now, as I'm in a group chat with him and some other people that used to be my friends but just treat me like crap now so I get picked on all the time in these chats by people making up rumours about me masturbating in school (Even though I didn't) People just like to make this stuff up about a quiet innocent guy who doesn't like to bother or offend anyone. I'm also planning on taking a really close friend of mine to my prom, I love her and I don't want to have her near him as he is going also, there's many people I can't stand but he sticks out like a sore thumb, not to mention, I have to sit beside him in a class.I originally planned on leaving the group chat once school ends as I won't have to deal with any of them anymore, and blocking a few people including him here and there. I already have the group chat muted..
This a a true account from a girl who at one time befriended a boy who lived in an orphanage. I met Billy in 1st grade and we went through the ranks of the public school system in South Carolina. He was a quiet boy but as cute as he could be with big brown eyes and brown hair.My earliest memory of him was seeing him sit alone in the cafeteria at lunch time as was the case during recess. After school he had no mother picking him up. By the time we entered 3rd grade he was a target for every bully there was. At the time I literally protected him. He was so very polite and when my parents finally met him they came close to adopting him.I was the oldest of three girls so more kids in the house wasn't in the cards but my parents would pick him up on occasion and bring him over. He was just happy to be around a family. He loved helping my dad in the yard. I always thought I was a good person but as I grew up I became self centered and I soon forgot about the little boy who had become my very good friend. I ended up being a very pretty and popular girl.My dad ended up making a very good living so we had a big house and cars and all sorts of materialistic things. As we entered junior high I began to catch some grief for being friends with him and it didn't take long for me to start shutting him out of my life. Billy existed in a world that many will never know. The orphanage he lived in was far different then what you have now. It was so institutional. Almost prison like. He never complained... even when he was wearing used worn out clothes.The non-stop taunting he endured in grade school became violent as we entered junior high. Whereas at one time I would get him away from a bad situation I now turned my back on him and soon would do something far worse.One of the last times he attempted to speak to me was around Thanksgiving 1978. I had been ignoring him for months which in turn caused even more people to harass him. Every week he was pushed down, kicked or just verbally abused and I stood back and did nothing. He gave up trying to talk to me as my family had shut him out too as I lied about him to them, said he was a drug addict which was so untrue and made up so many stories that I can't even remember. Anything to keep him away as I had my all important social life. The empty look he now carried on his face was my doing but I didn't care.Right before the Christmas Holidays of the same year I heard a knock on the door and I heard my mom answer it. It was Billy and he had a Christmas Card for me. She came to get me and I know he heard me say "tell him I'm not here"... Mom told me later that he in fact had heard me and his eyes filled with tears as he stood there. I looked out the window as he walked away. I knew what I was doing was wrong as the brown eyed boy walked off but I was consumed in my own selfish world.Several days later school would be out for two weeks as the holidays were here. I had made jokes that Billy had tried to give me a Christmas card having no idea what that statement would turn into.I was walking to the parking lot where I heard a lot of commotion. Billy was surrounded by several much bigger boys... His shirt was ripped almost off his body. His lip was bleeding, his cheeks were bruised. The crowd was laughing and egging it on. "what a dork...you gave her a Christmas Card...SHE HATES YOU >>FU$%ING CREEP" My heart sank as I had told everybody about it.He was so bruised up and he truly looked petrified. I stood there and did nothing as he was brutalized. I don't know who did it but a soda bottle shattered against his head as he fell face first to the parking lot. Blood poured from his nose as they kicked him several times in the face and stomach. His thick brown hair was covered in blood from the gash the bottle left... His cries for help wake me even now from my sleep. I stood by and did nothing.I'll never forget the look on his face as he rolled over and those big brown eyes made contact with mine. He looked to be in shock as his faint voice said "why was i ever born" sobbing as he spoke...A piece of me died right then as I had watched for years now as this sweet gentle boy was beaten to a pulp and all at once my self consuming life ended as I had so let him down.One by one everyone walked away as I attempted to help him up. He never looked at me nor said a word. He limped off never looking back. I walked behind him begging him to stop but I was as guilty as everyone for what they did to him. I realized that Billy was just alone. He had no one...Christmas 1978 will be one to remember... An unmarked police car pulled into the driveway as my father walked rather fast to the door as the bell rang.We listened from behind the wall and I can repeat verbatim what was said. "Sorry to bother you sir and no one here is in any trouble but do you know this young man?" He had Billy's school ID and the bottom line was they had found my address in his jacket pocket and were trying to find his next of kin.Of course there were no next of kin and after much prodding by my father and Billy being an orphan he said "This young man was found dead in the park a few blocks from here... it was a suicide:Billy had hung himself and he left a note saying he was just tired of being hated. My dad went down to identify the body. Dad passed away a few years ago and he too carried the guilt that I do.There was no real funeral. My family and a few people from the orphanage and the principal of the school... 9 people paid their respects as he is buried in a grave with a small headstone... It's like he never existed.I am 47 now and I believe in God. I deserve his wrath... I have talked to my pastor about this and he says God will forgive me... I don't deserve to be forgiven. I hope it was ok to share this. I don't have any children but I felt this should be told... Doing nothing cost this boy his life...http://www.overcomebullying.org/i-did-nothing-but-watch.html

Hay all! Check out my new site on antisocial problems in society.It also covers prosocial topics and things of the like!Antisocial.suspect.org
I sent a nude my 8th grade year in middle school. Of course, I regret but it has already been done. I decided to go to the high school where no one from my middle school is going to so I could get away from being called nude girl. Everything was fine til sophomore year when my former best friend got a hold of it and started sending snapchats of me (zooming into my face) calling me nude girl and stuff. I decided to ignore it after watching an inspirational video. By two days ago, that girl got into a fight and got suspended. Happy as I would be, I posted that I was proud of the girl that beat up my bully. "I giver her props for taking over" my bully then replied dissing me. Saying she gave me props for having my nudes leaked and still had the guts to go to church. I was enraged but knew I couldn't really say anything back, I began wondering why she was mad at me if I didn't do anything to her. She hasn't replied to myquestion and wouldn't cooperate with my formal frontation. I really didn't want her calling me names anymore. She is pretty popular so at school, I hear people point and laugh at me. I hide in the band room every lunch and snack. I DMed her asking why she was mad at me but since she didn't reply, I guessed she was bullying me just for the hecks of it.. So I sent a bully report to my principal. Idk what to do... I cry every night and all she gets is the glory and respect from people for calling me names.. 
I have a group of friends (we are middle age, around 30 y O), and sometimes a friend of mine bullies me in front of others, like throwing jokes about me, but she is very smooth, I already talked to her about this, but it seems that she has the compulsion to do this to make her feel better. I think she used to be bullied in school (she is fat) and I used to be bullied too, but I need to make her stop somehow, so how can I do that? throw jokes about her? the thing is that I need to be careful because most of the friends in that group are not bullies (they like me and they don't laugh at those jokes). So I don't want to lose respect, will it be bad to throw jokes about her being single or fat? what is the best way? I've tried just being nice, but I have no boundaries setup. The problem is that we are all from a country which people are used to doing jokes about things, people, but she goes too harsh on me (last joke I think she realized she went too far away because she asked me if I it was funny). 
In the past few years I have been trying to improve as a person mostly because I have very low self esteem. I stopped becoming a doormat quite spontaneously recently, and I am learning not to blame and hate myself for everything other people have done to me. I am 22 now, but when I was like 11-13 I was in a group of friends, and there was one girl who was horrible to me. It doesn't really count as bullying, rather she made her dislike for me clear and was very unfair and often cruel to me.  She walked past me in the street and called me a freak - when I was still supposed to be "friends" with her. A few years later she messaged me on bebo, I have no idea why I logged in to the dead site, and she had sent me a lot of messages commanding me to delete any pictures of her and our old friends (at this point they had stopped calling me to hang out and I kind of "drifted" away from them, though I see now that this was probably intentional on their part).  In hindsight this is extremely rude, but at the time I was embarrassed that I had caused anyone discomfort by having pictures of them even though they WERE my friends.She works in a local shop, and she makes conversation when I go there, but she always has the same sneer on her face that she used to. I have learned from other people that a lack of bullying doesn't mean they're at peace with you or they regret how they treated you. I realized how pathetic I have been for shyly smiling and being polite when I speak with her, and I have the urge to stand up for myself next time I see her and tell her what a bitch she was.I don't want to get into the habit of demanding apologies, but would I be right to do this, after all these years? Is it pride that is making me do this, or is it a necessary step in healing?  Maybe it's not an apology I am after, but I feel she has power over me and I need to make it equal by doing this, so she knows that I am a person and was never okay with her behavior.


Hi everyone, I'm producing a show for a major cable network and believe this subreddit is the best place to post this notice. The show I'm working on is a cutting edge documentary series about cyber harassment and the world of online hate. I'd love to hear your stories. 40% of people are harassed online. In many cases, the attacker remains anonymous. This series intends to give victims a voice and empower them to reclaim their lives.If you have a personal story to tell about your experience with cyber harassment and are interested in participating in this series, please contact me at stories@part2pictures.com.Thank you!Bethany 


ere is my story I can provide proof if needed.Over the past 4 years I have endured harassment, belittlement, unfair treatment,improper practices against AF policy and procedure, reprisal (varied), denial to attend medical appointments resulting in infarct (slight stroke), migraines and anxiety, hostile and stressful work environment, bullying in workplace/hazing/humiliation. All these things stemming back from what occurred at prior base. It is very unfair to me how the military grievance system has strung this case out over multiple years. I ask you to consider the facts: -Improper supervision changes - No Change of Reporting Official (CRO)- This form needed to officially make TSgt Doe my supervisor/never accomplished- biggest mistake -TSgt Doe did not supervise me for 180 days/6 months AFI states that you have to supervise someone for 6 months to be able to write an EPR. SO she wasn't according to AFI my supervisor and she wrote a Referral EPR with less than 6 months of supervision. This EPR should have never been written/but a CRO (career ending/adverse career actions) Mistake #02 TSgt Doe told ADC she is unsure when supervision began but she thinks it started in Early April-Aug (4 months) again AFI states 6 months to write an EPR on a member. - Lack of initial/midterm performance Feedback. (In order to rate someone a 1 you need to have a substantial amount of documentation. TSgt Doe had zero documentation in my training record until after the Referral report/Sept 2012 This is questionable in itself, we are taught to document. If someone is performing at said level tons of documentation would/should exist. Finally, paperwork started after the fact.. decert. (Flag #01) - IG/Congressional Complaints(multiple filled) - Referral EPR 1 Rating - Decertification (Done improperly, TSgt Doe said herself under oath that she never witnessed me not being able to do task) No Form 803 Report of Task Evaluation was not accomplished. In order to decertify someone you have to follow protocol per AFI guidance. Plus the same items that I was allegedly decertified on I was placed in a treatment room the next day seeing patients, taking x-rays, setting up/tearing down the room. (Mistake 03) - Made to work 45 plus days straight picking up trash, cleaning dorms/Bay Orderly..was never charged of anything - CM resulting in Full Acquittal. The reason I was found not guilty is because there lack of documentation in order to say someone has done all these things you have to have supporting documentation or it can be perceived as intentionally trying to alter someone's record. - sent back to same supervisor that rated me 1/was primary witness for prosecution. (conflict of interest) - Sent back to same provider that stated he had zero confidence in my assisting abilities (resulted in ACC patient comment how she felt Dr. X was harassing/badgering me) -Letter of Reprimand post CM acquittal for allegations that happen before the CM (approx. 29 days later). - 11 years all 5/1 yr 4/ less than 6 months 1(insufficient documentation)This devastated me. I have never seen a 1 EPR not even people being released for positive drug testing. Everything administratively that can be done to you in the military was thrown at me in the span of 6 months or less, and yet I am still in the military (impossible). I'm in the military because this was a hodgepodge to discredit my record and prevent me from being promoted. Does not matter how its sliced, its reprisal. All of this stuff was intentional and some illegal per AFI guidelines. Now I have been tried repeatedly unable to move forward and black balled everywhere I go because of my record. No matter where I go or how good I perform I am labeled/marked. It's very unfair to me and how hard I worked to ensure my career was on the right path. Lastly IG from Prior base contacted me to testify against the SMSgt in CDI 2015, for recent complaints of the same wrong doings. What puzzles me most is my testimony was enough to help the ones that filled IG complaints against her/Chain of Command but not me. I just do not see the fairness in any of that. I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that my story must be told. whether I'm in the military or not. I will not stop until justice is rendered, not only for me but for others who have endured unethical, immoral and illegal treatment/who may/may not have been cheated out of their retirement while serving in the Armed Forces. Things were so bad for me from day-to day I began to keep a journal. The unfortunate part for me is that the individuals who were allowed to treat me unethically, illegally and immorally have moved on. Some receiving promotions, where I have been left fighting what appears to be a cold case! The IG process has been extremely slow, cumbersome and has been uninformative to me. Zero accountability is being taken by IG office and clearly irregardless to overwhelming evidence, Everything I have submitted is being ignored! There is lack of apparent continuity and definite timeliness in closing out this case! If we can't trust the military grievance system to snuff out corrupt needs who can a member go to???Kamsahamnida(Thank you!)


Why is everyone so harsh on one another? I just saw a comment made by someone who just stated their honest opinion, then everyone just attacked that person. They called her a bitch, a cunt, etc. Then they told her to kill herself. I've seen this scenario so many times, and it's always the same damn thing. People get offended by everything, then there will always be that one person who will put race and gender into the picture. Thus, more arguments and insults. The people who try to defend anyone will be called as one of those 'social justice warriors' and instead, will get insulted for standing up to cyber bullying. The cycle never ends. Our society is so fucked up and pitiful. If someone's opinion is so offending, 1 or 2 comment is enough to teach that person not to do it again because it's offending but seriously nowadays, hundreds of people will join in and attack that person by insulting them even harsher. Are people so ignorant of their words now? Words cut deeper than knives whether in rl or on the Internet. It can led to depression, and suicide.

I've noticed something. Like further down this page, there's the link to a film about bullying which has Sharon stone and I'm sure there have been other movies aimed at trying to stop bullying and I'm sure wandering, is any of that stuff actually effective? Bullying still exists even with those movies being released. Do the people who make those movies really think they can make a difference?
I'm a fifteen year old male that weighs less than 90 pounds because I'm anorexic, pathetic I know. People call me gay, weak, pussy, and suicidekid. God, sometimes I just wanna kill 'em all. So, I need to know how I can grow strong and learn how to fight in order to show these guys that I'm not a pussy. How can I learn how to fight in an area with no fight schools? What kind of exercises and how many do I need to do to get stronger? Before you ask, yes violence is the only solution.
Hi I'm 14 I'm a girl and I've never been bullied up until now. The worst thing is is that some of it is by my own friends. I've only been in my friendship group for about 6 months and they've started bullying me about my nose and they say I'm dopey. They sometimes post embarrassing pictures of me on Instagram and it makes me cry but they don't know and they think it's funny. It hasn't happened for about 2 weeks because it's the holidays and I've been so happy spending time with my family but I'm so terrified of going back to school in 2 days. I used to love school before they started being mean to me now I'm crying just thinking about going back. I can't stand it I've still got 2 years left at this school. What should I do :( and I can't just make new friends just like that, I've got no one else
My husband and I have owned our home in Dover, NH since September of 2004. Unbeknownst to us at the time of purchase (and vetting by realtor, title company and title attorney) the private driveway (shared by 3 homes, including ours) was previously an unpaved roadway that went from one street in the neighborhood through to the other.A year prior to our buying the house, 3 of the 8 abutters to our driveway petitioned the City to discharge the road to the abutters. Because the City never formally accepted the road from the developer they granted the discharge, pursuant to RSA 231:52 after a hearing. The 3 landowners at the end of the road that abuts the other connecting street "absorbed" their portion of the drive by building on it, installing fences, etc. There is no longer anyway to connect to the other street.The drive is privately maintained by my husband who plows it, salts and sands it, and cleans it up, including trimming tree branches. One of the other neighbors who uses it also contributes a little financially, the other one doesn't do anything. All 3 of us are landlocked and the only way to access our homes is via the beginning of the shared drive at the first main road.The prior owners of our house pulled a permit with the other 2 homeowners to pave the portion that all 3 of us use and the former homeowners of our house pulled a permit to pave a large driveway for our home. The City granted the permits and approved the paving job.After we bought the house, in 2005, the City began charging all 8 abutters an increased property taxe to reflect 12.5' of inherited land from the discharge of the road. The road is 50' wide in the original site plans that the discharge references. The 12.5' would give us all to edge of the 25’ buffer area for the utility easement that goes through this area. The paved area is our private property, and we confirmed this with the tax card, city employee's research, attorney advice, etc.The abutting neighbor (Peck) across from us has no frontage on our road. He is on the other side of the neighborhood. However, a small portion of land that he absorbed from the discharge (which we actually believe is part of the 25' buffer area and not his 12.5') is used for storage of his huge rotting boat that has sat there for years now.He used our driveway several times to get to this gravel area and park the boat, a dingy, occasionally his truck and his commercial grade sawmill. We also came home several times to find him milling lumber using a commercial grade saw mill (and I mean HUGE trees) in our driveway. I should mention, prior to this by about a year, he asked us to sign a letter that said we agreed he owned our driveway (up  until then we were very friendly with him). We refused. Because we refused he took it upon himself to harass us by milling the lumber, coming and going, parking the boat and even calling the police because we were parked in our driveway and he couldn't get to his boat.  Everytime he would do this, we would tell the police that whole history and offer to move our vehicles out of courtesy to allow him to access his boat and sawmill. Also, note that he could get to this piece of land and these items if he went through his backyard (which he has no problem doing all the time to cart lumber in and out of this pop-up garage there…it’s just inconvenient for him to have to go through his hard to retrieve these larger items as it is easier to drive them over our smooth driveway)…now mind you, had he asked us to occasionally go over our driveway to access them we would have said go right ahead…but because of how he went about this he can go you know what.This past year it escalated. He drafted a letter full of blatant lies that claimed we were on his property, preventing him from getting to his boat, that we were parking our cars on his land (it's OUR driveway) and that everyone in the neighborhood was afraid to confront my husband because they felt he was violent. He drafted and circulated a letter for neighbors to sign and verbally told a police officer he met with (after showing up and demanding a meeting with the Chief of Police to tell them his cops weren't doing their job by enforcing his property rights) that my husband threatened to beat up an elderly neighbor by raising a pipe above his head. They also put this in writing via the initial complaint letter to the Zoning office. Peck told the police officer that a former mayor of Dover witnessed this (as he is also a neighbor). It's funny how these 2 neighbors who (a) was threatened and (b) witnessed didn't sign the letter to back up his claims, nor were the police called to report the alleged incident.The letter was taken to 2 neighbors behind us, that have nothing to do with our discharged drive, but whom we don't speak with because they are very weird people and drunks. It was also taken to a guy on the main road who is a convicted felon pharmacist from Walmart who served time in Federal prison recently for dealing narcotics from the pharmacy. The thing they all have in common (besides their weirdness) is that they are all drunks/ addicts...so of course they pal around.  No one else on our drive or anyone else in the neighborhood of about 30 homes signed the letter.We had a face to face meeting with the police and because of what they were told verbally by this guy and because of the letter, we decided to seek legal counsel to shut them down with a cease and desist letter. We felt we had no choice to do this to protect our personal and business reputations (we are both self-employed business owners), we have 2 small children and we are active in our community.The lawyer we sought help from came recommend by a well-known firm; he was their newest attorney who had expertise (supposedly) in property law in NH. Well let me tell you something, things went from bad to worse after we hired him. We gave him a $1,200 retainer to draft a cease and desist letter. After waiting more than 4 weeks for said letter, I finally drafted a letter and he dumbed it down so it wasn’t “harsh” sounding…this was after we told him we wanted it to be very stern, polite, but NOT friendly. We also gave Peck the opportunity to use our driveway to remove his boat since he was claiming he couldn’t access it in his complaint letter to zoning (it’s still sitting there). We were sick of the bullying and lies at this point. He literally took my letter and stuck it on his letterhead and signed it. Then it took another week to get it formally typed up by his paralegal and mailed out. And what did he do, they mailed it via snail mail first and then certified mail…so what happened? The neighbors I’m sure got the snail mail, and when it came time to sign for the certified copy, refused to sign for it…so technically we have no proof they received it.When we had our initial meeting with this lawyer I gave him a very thick binder full of tabbed sections and a table of contents so he would barely have to do any research. It had copies of the letters, certified copies of the petition, discharge, tax card, maps, etc. He was very impressed and very pleased he wouldn’t have to do much research as it was all available at his fingertips.  At this meeting we told him we didn’t have deep pockets and told him we didn’t want to spend more than the binder fee. He agreed to keep it under this amount, and when I dropped the check off to his paralegal a few days later reminded them that they were not to go over that amount without letting us know first. She agreed.Getting them to get the letter out (which we felt was of vital importance and time sensitive given the claims and its potential effects on our businesses) was like pulling teeth. We were patient, but it was wearing on us as there was excuse after excuse as to why they hadn’t drafted it yet or gotten it out. In addition to drafting the letter, he consulted with another attorney at another firm because the other attorney was an expert at road law.  In the meantime, I filed a claim with the homeowner’s title insurance company. I handled all correspondence with them and referenced we had consulted with an attorney who confirmed that we owned this land and that it wasn’t properly recorded upon the discharge, which the title company was liable for since they should have found this error.  Supposedly the title counsel spoke with our attorney for over an hour and a half on the phone. About what I have no idea because he has neither given us any information verbally or in writing nor did it resolve anything. The title counsel hired outside legal counsel in NH to represent them and that lawyer drafted a letter that basically said too bad so sad.  Then we get a bill from our attorney to the tune of another $3,400 above the retainer which was exhausted basically by draft one of the cease and desist letter and his reading the file. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!!?!?!I sent an email (so that I would have it in writing for my records) that he was fired. I kid you not, hired himself back, at which point we ceased communciations with him. We are going to have a meeting after Christmas with the head of the firm. I am NOT paying another $3,400 since he literally DID NOTHING nor provided us with ANY information!!! Upon all my research, we discovered that the town drafted a paragraph to record the discharge to the 8 abutters and sent that to the registry of deeds instead of individually deeding over each portion to each abutter…which is not the proper way of recording this type of activity. Because of this, and the fact that this neighbor is claiming he owns our driveway, we felt (and the lawyer agreed) we had a valid title insurance claim. Especially given the fact that at this point, we were informed by police we could not protect our property as they would not enforce a no trespassing sign we had installed at the beginning of our property.  They said that Peck’s claim it was his property prohibited them from enforcing it.  Peck stepped up his harassment of us by sending his daughter and her friends up and down private, shared driveway and our personal driveway on their bikes. They have scratched our cars with their handlebars and nearly caused multiple accidents as they dart in and out of the area without looking where they are going (many people have had close encounters with them).We voiced our concern to the police officer assigned the case, they assigned it to the traffic coordinator (as they claimed this was loosely traffic based). The policeman validated our worry and concern, said we should document everything, possibly install a security system and send out a letter from an attorney notifying the abutters that we weren’t liable for any accidents or incidents that might happen. So out of one side of his mouth he is telling us we cannot enforce no trespassing because Peck is claiming he owns our driveway and out of the other side we are being told we should do something so we aren’t liable for any injuries that occur on our property. HELLO? It can’t be both can it. Either It’s our land or it isn’t.  Even with the letter from the attorney, which Peck has not disputed, they refuse to enforce the no trespassing and they continue to use our driveway at whim.  At this point the police officer emailed me and said “Through your attorney, you have opted to “fight fire with fire” with strongly worded letters to your neighbors.”  and told me we would need a court order to enforce no trespassing. REALLY, so protecting our family, our livelihood and our reputation is fighting fire with fire??? WOULDN’T YOU DO THE SAME?!In the meantime, the one neighbor behind us (there are 2) who signed the letter claiming my husband was blocking Peck from accessing his property and that he was violent, decided to step things up. He has a whole house COMMERCIAL sized diesel generator that can run about 5 houses. He installed it in a shed that was pretty close to the property line (about 5 feet). We never said anything at the time he installed it a few years ago because he didn’t run it unless power was out and we aren’t those types of neighbors to make a stink about things that don’t really cause much of an issue. Well, he decided to show his support for Peck (when the police told him it was a private civil matter and they wouldn’t be able to help him and when they got our letter from the attorney) by running it constantly. We have had no power outages in a couple of years, yet he runs it at least 2 to 3 times a week, for hours on end. In fact, recently, he began running it and also taking out his snow blower (we have no snow yet), parking it next to the generator and letting it run with it and then leaving for hours on end.A few months ago we had enough of it and wrote a complaint letter to the Building Inspector’s office in Dover. Sure enough, he never pulled a permit and was not in compliance with the setbacks, etc. To come into compliance he was told he could split the building into two (if the building was under 100sf it could be right on top of the fence and didn’t have to meet setbacks). So he literally sawed the building in half and rolled it closer to the fence. The part with the generator is the part against the fence. Then once the City did their final inspection he reattached the building on all sides and joined the roofs, added some bump outs to make it bigger and repositioned the generator exhaust so it was closer to us.  Then about two weeks ago he added an extension onto the exhaust so it was right at the top of the fence aimed directly at us.  Since then he has been running it constantly.He will do this when the weather is nice and we have our windows open, when the kids are playing in the yard, when we are doing yard work, etc. We noticed that he is consistently doing this on Sundays to wake us up and ruin our day. We can’t sit in our kitchen and have breakfast because the noise and vibration is god awful. The smell from the diesel exhaust is horrible. We met with the Building Inspector last Tuesday who told us when they came out for final inspection he was in compliance. We showed him video and pictures of what it looks like now and he agreed that it’s no longer compliant. We were told he couldn’t go back out and inspect or contact the homeowner again unless we filed another written complaint. Not sure why that would be if he is aware of it being non compliant. Clearly when we stand up for ourselves, we become the target for more and more bullying by this neighbor.  The building inspector also told us he never went into the shed to visually inspect the generator setup and fuel tank. He only walked around the outside of the building, nor did they fine him for never pulling a permit in the first place. Inspector told us it’s their policy not to penalize but to help people come into compliance.  We told him that we are concerned with the City’s fence height restriction of 8’…that if we increase our 6’ high fence to 8’ high that he would just aim the pipe up and over and that if we tried to improve the sound barrier by using vinyl instead of wood it might melt from the heat of the exhaust. He said it’s basically a game and that we could put up a much higher fence but that if (and it would be a matter of when not if) he complained, we’d have to take it down to come into compliance, but like him, once they left we could put it up again. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?? He said we could also ask the City for a variance, but here in Dover, the abutters have to sign off on variances, and you know damn well he wouldn’t sign it.He recognized our frustration and recommended we contact the police to file a harassment complaint, file another complaint form with his office and document everything. Which we have been doing. Well, yesterday, he did it again, on a Sunday morning, fired up the generator and came out of the shed wearing hearing protection (tells you how loud it is). M husband recorded it on video to show as proof of the exhaust smell (you could see the smoke billowing out), the noise and how it is clearly deliberate. Neighbor turned, smiled and waved and then started mouthing off…of course we have no idea what he said because we couldn’t hear him over the noise of the generator. Then he proceeded to get his camera out and record us. At that point we called the police as we wanted to document the harassment. Police finally showed about an hour and a half later. Took our statement, watched the video, visually inspected the shed and generator from our property line, agreed with us that this is harassment and then gave us a case number. He had asked if we wanted him to go over there and address this neighbor and we declined as we did not want to escalate things further…but wanted a paper trail for ourselves. We also got it on file that we are afraid of him as he is clearly crazy and we are worried for our family’s safety and that of our property.We are going back to the inspector’s office tomorrow to hand deliver the complaint letter and make it well known that this has got to be addressed.  Peck has been quiet, but we’ve seen him hanging out with the generator neighbor pointing and laughing at us. The other, old fart drunks, behind us that signed the letter had the audacity and the nerve to smile and greet us when we went for a walk the other day. Either they are oblivious to who we are, and signed the letter because they like to sign petitions (they sign petitions for EVERYTHING) or because they are crazy too. The felon pharmacist had the audacity to wave, smile and greet us as we got our mail not too long ago. I literally thought my eyes were going to bug out of my head, I could not believe he had the audacity to act like everything was hunky-dory.  Either that or he too is stupid enough to sign anything put in front of him.Needless to say, we are so frustrated. It is taking a toll on us emotionally, physically and mentally. We work our balls off to support our family. We are not in a position to sell and move yet. First of all we have some credit card debt we need to pay down before we can qualify for a new mortgage and secondly it has been confirmed that we have multiple clouds on our title from the inaccurately recorded discharge (oh, plus we discovered that the utilities run through private property now due to the discharge and they are private utilities that the City doesn’t own till they connect at the main on the other side of the neighborhood and there is no written utility easement for us to access our utilities legally without a court injunction, and the other 2 neighbors on our drive have their utilities going through our yard and driveway, and there is no recorded reference to that in our title,  plus the 2 Rights of Way to the bay we own aren’t recorded either like they were supposed to be).  So between the clouded title, our inability to afford moving at this point and the nuisance that is the generator, who would buy this house?We have been told by multiple people that know the generator neighbor, and his brother, that they are “gunning for us and that we will either die or run out of money before they do,” according to him and his brother.I am literally at the point where I just can’t keep going on like this. I wish we could win the lottery and move instantly. I don’t know what to do anymore. I thought the lawyer and the title insurance would help us. I don’t know what to do anymore. It doesn’t help that I work from a home office and have to see these people every moment of every day. I can’t get away from it. Somebody help us please!!!!!!


I'm furious at the Tustin Unified School District, my sister was being bullied for the past few months. And Foothill High School has done nothing to prevent it! My sister had gotten into a couple confrontations with these bullies while trying to stand up for herself but ultimately led to more bullying, even worse than before. My mom & I have been in contact with the school about this issue and they said they "doing all they can." Yesterday my sister tried committing suicide because she was so overwhelmed with all the bullying that was happening at school. The school said there was no proof that the group of girls were bullying her. I am lost at words. It doesn't make sense to me, why would my sister lie about being bullied and try committing suicide(note: the school had already expelled one of the girls because she punched my sister in the face while she was walking to class & recorded it.) These girls are harassing my sister through social media and in person but instead of trying to resolve the issues, the school is brushing it under the rug. I don't know what to do.    

My friend called "Carl"(Name changed to protect identity) has been bullying my other friend called "Louis"(Name changed to protect identity.I feel that if I snitch up my friend Carl I will lose him as a friend also my other three friend are doing this but one of them is very good at fighting and not afraid of punching people in the face.I'm afraid to snitch up him and my other friends I'm afraid of losing all my friends apart from the victim who is my friend. Please help me. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBNmNcPu7wM
And honestly, I just wish I could kill myself cause even if I wind in hell cause suicide is sin, it's not like I'm living pain free in this world either. Only problem is I come from a tight-knit family and I know that my suicide would be taken hardly. I've contemplated doing something to make my family hate me so that my death wouldn't really matter so much but I don't know what I could do to make my family not care if I died.







I really fucking hate how people say that cops are always the ones that got bullied in school.. I was a target for teen bullying all the way through my entire school career. From third grade having glasses to seventh for being smaller then the rest and having an inhaler. Getting subject to random "fights" because I wasn't a cool "normal" kid that smoked or had all the money. So what did I do? I took all that negativity, and since I recovered from my manic depression; I have been helping anyone that was or is being bullied. We who actually got bullied commit suicide or spend the rest of our days completely despising anything closely related to bullying. We need to really take a step back and look at one another as who we are. People. You have a face, two hands, walk and talk right? So do I. So will my child and so will yours. We need a change, drastically. Something that hasn't been seen before for the positivity for this world and the future world for our next generations. We are learning more and more from our elders.. To change and fix the mistakes made in the past.. So stop being stuck in the past.. Help meld our future.
I transferred schools when I entered the third grade. Everything started out great, new school, new friends, new scenery. Everything was fun. Come around to the fourth grade, a girl starts in on me. I was a bit chubby but that wasn't the case, no, it was because by my class's standards, I was the poorest kid in school.    Every year it got worse and worse, could I say anything? No, why? Because of who this girl was and what she meant to my school, she could never do anything wrong. But here she was, emptying my backpack's contents onto the floor, pushing my things off of my desk, writing "poor" on my locker, and walking by my desk when handing out invitations to her birthday parties.    Eighth grade graduation came and went, I thought it was over, but it wasn't, every so often I'd have nightmares of the stuff she did to me, it bothered me, but, fortunately for me, the world became right.    I work in a place that does events, I noticed in our event calendar, that my bully was having her baby shower at my work. I put a note on the calendar "Alex doesn't want to work this event". Something happened to said note between then and my schedule being made. I had to work that baby shower, I dreaded it, and was anticipating it to be horrible.    And part of it was, her Mom looked at me, had that figment of she knew me from somewhere, but couldn't quite put her finger on who I was. Everything was going as I had said to my coworkers how it would go, but we were under threat of rain, we had to make a decision as to have indoors or outdoors. Her Mom made the call to have it outdoors, the DJ protested, but her Mom said "You want your money, right? You play outside."    Tables were set, chairs were placed, it was misting, not anything to worry about. Caterers started to put food out, guests started to arrive, and then it was time for my bully's grand entrance, as she walked into where her baby shower, it happened....    The skies opened up and a torrential downpour came out of nowhere. It went from misting to buckets of water coming down. People ran for the building to escape the rain, the DJ put plastic over his equipment, the caterers covered their food, and started to bring it inside.    But me? I stood there, in the rain, with the biggest smile on my face. Because that day, in my world, everything became good, everything became right. There was no more anger, no more sadness, it was all gone. The five years of pure hell were gone in a thirty minute storm that ruined her big show.    The next day I went into my office and hugged the lady who schedules me. I had to thank her, because her mistake settled so many demons and lifted so much weight off of my shoulders.    So, yes, people. Don't let them get you down, hold your head up the best you can, because someday it will come back to them, and I wish you will be there to see it happen.

I never realised I was bullied until much later in my life. My family would hear my story of my school day and say 'those girls are bullies' but I'd always think they were overreacting. I'm working class but went to a very posh school, very middle class. It was a small class made up mostly of girls, there were like, eight boys. The girls were all split up into their little groups - this was before high school - and one group in particular I never got along with. I always saw it as us 'antagonising' each other. Except it was a group against one person. I said nasty things to them and they said nasty things to me. I made fun of how petty they were, how they squealed in horror at lady bugs and so on. They danced around me chanting things and once two of them came up to me sitting in the field and said 'wow, get a life' when they saw me sitting alone, grinning like they thought they were geniuses. I was too confused then, to say anything.I remember that I wasn't like what I thought 'typical' bullying victims were - people who didn't fight back and got beaten up. Obviously now I know that's rubbish.But anyway. I grew up in a class where my mother heard other mothers talking about 'that rotten group of girls' that their daughters had to put up with. Many of them went to the same secondary school, but I never spoke to them again aside from a few pleasantries. A few of them grew up and forgot all about how they acted. Oblivious to how other girls saw them. One of them actually said to me 'so and so said we'd bullied them - that's just silly!' I didn't know what to say to her. She acted so friendly and happy that I genuinely believed she had no idea.That was nothing compared to what happened one day. I was sat at the front of class. Teacher was handling something in the hall. I looked behind me to find a ruler and one of the girls - this girl who I always saw as posh, hoity toity and very bossy, was looking at her chums and wielding one of those marker pens. She was saying 'look, look how angry she gets' about to THROW it at the back of my head - then she turned, saw I was looking right at her, gave a guilty smile and looked away. Like she'd been caught pranking someone. She looked incredibly dumb.I called her something that I'm sure has changed in meaning since I learned it - but it was a word used freely in the Harry Potter books. I even showed it to her. She tried to change the argument to 'you said a swear word' to distract people from the fact she, a high school girl, had been about to throw a pen at the back of my head because it was funny. It may be petty, getting flustered over a pen, but it would have hurt. She would have done it to show off. She didn't apologise or explain herself.To this day I'll never get it. How do you get that idea into your head? How could someone do something so...stupid? This girl I'd always known as nasty and harsh, but I'd never known just how stupid she was.I'm sharing this one story because to this day it just...confuses me. I actually laughed at her when it happened, despite how face-burning embarrassed and angry I was.Moral? Bullies/antagonistic people are idiots.
If someone's talking shit to you and pushing you around, just punch him in the cheek or stomachache. Or if you bring a pocketknife you can threaten them.
Dear Elementary School Teacher,My son has come home sad a few times this year and I don't understand why, until recently. My problem is, many of you sign up to become teachers, but yet your patience is no longer than a ruler.  When we leave our children in your care, we have the expectation that at least they will respect their teachers and in return the teachers will respect them.  Well, this is not so much the case.  My son explained to me the other day that he always has his hand raised and wants to volunteer to answer a question, but you automatically shush him and asks the person behind him. Do you know what that can do to the self - esteem of a 9 year old boy who is so impressionable! He believes your every word, he believes that you don't want to hear from him, and he believes that his answers are not good enough!  Why are you being a big bully?  Why do you find it necessary to look over him and not acknowledge what he has to say?  Why is it that he is beginning to feel like no matter what he does or says will never be good enough in your classroom?  As a parent this is very frustrating because in the mean time you send home notes that says keep up the good work, but while you or him are not in my presence, he seems himself as not as good as the other students.  Please tell me the purpose of your position. It is to pick your favorites and leave those who are least favorite to fend for themselves? Or is your purpose to tear him down, instead of spending time helping to build, shape and mold him into the individual he surely can be.  Please take a moment to think about this behavior. Even though you are not hollering, cussing or fussing at him, you are still tearing him down daily because he doesn't feel like you believe in him and his ability. When I was in elementary school I loved those teachers who were always willing to let me grow and develop, but if you are constantly ignoring someone who is giving it there all, what are you there for? 

For a little background, I was bullied by a group of girls back in elementary school. It was my first experience with bullying. They'd all ganged up on me and written a poison pen letter, basically calling me derogatory names and telling me I was worthless, useless etc. Prior to the letter being sent to me, all of these girls had been "friends". I was very confused and upset by this, because I was a passive and quiet person at  that age, and I can't imagine what provoked this behaviour from those girls. Eventually, I moved to another school and things got a lot better. In a strange twist of events, my company will be receiving training from an external firm, and one of my former school bullies will basically be training me. It's been about 15 years since the bullying, but it was a very traumatic period in my life. I'm having a LOT of anxiety about having to see this person again, particularly because she never admitted to her bullying ways or apologized (as some of the girls did). I have contemplated calling in sick, even. A friend suggested I just go for the training and act professional about the entire thing, and said perhaps she won't even remember me. I really don't know. All I know is I'm dreading tomorrow already. If anyone has been in this situation, I'd greatly appreciate some advice. 
my experiences mainly means that    * you were bullied for longer than 5 years.  * you had no support from the school system* you had no friends  * family couldn't help  * the bullies were never reprimanded  * you were reprimanded for standing up for yourself  And just to be clear, I want to talk about the effects of bring bullied and overcoming them
Yesterday when I was trying to help a coworker to get a date on tinder because he's pretty much clueless how to talk to girls (admittedly I have the same problem but when I'm in another shoes, it worked better for me), after I managed to get her number for him, he told me that he's not interested because "she's thick as f*ck" which is absolutely ridiculous because she was actually a decent looking. I told him to just tell her he was not really interested, don't tell her why and then give me her number because at least I would treat her nicer than he would have. Well guess what he said to me? He said"Nah take a picture of yourself and say that my tinder pics are a few years old and i got in a bad car wreck so this is what i look like now". I was left with no words. I didn't know how to respond to that. It hurt me like nothing else. I was born with sturge weber syndrome which caused malformation on half of my face including my teeth. How do you respond to that?

i was bullied throught my entire time spent in the educational system. various reasons, race, social awkwardness, being a loner, easy target, stuttering, etc.    i internalized it and hated humanity and ppl and decided to never trust people or make friends. fell in love with a girl about 2 summers ago, she was the kindest, most gentle most wonderful most sympathetic girl i ever met. i didnt act on my feelings but just wanted to be her friend as a result me and her developed a very tight and comfortable friendship. she told me last night that she considers me a best friend and a brother. i couldnt feel more happy and honored about it. i didn't think she would ever think of me like that.    i dont mean to brag but i just wanted to share such a big event in my life with someone.









http://www.playgroundprofessionals.com/encyclopedia/w/white-house-conference-bullying-prevention

You would think that hearing that your child/grandchild was murdered on September 15th of this year would be bad enough, but dealing with an aberration like Brianne Patterson makes the death of Hailey Dunbar-Blanchette even more damaging to Kevin and Cheyenne Dunbar.... Read more at - http://mrsmusing.ca/brianne-patterson-still-bullies-and-harasses-family-of-hailey-dunbar-blanchette/





To anyone who has taken the time to read this, I want to thank you. A good friend of mine who has a youtube channel allowed me to tell me story via video, the main reason was to show people that even with extreme cases of bullying you can survive. A warning if you do watch the video, it is emotional and about 30mins long, it involves physical, verbal and homophobic bullying, It was filmed as just audio because I did not feel comfortable showing my face.The reason for me sharing this is not to get views or anything like that, it is to give hope for those suffering now. (Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_rYa0Wjffg )If you are dealing with anything and you need help there are places you can call:https://www.lifeline.org.au/http://headspace.org.au/http://www.kidshelp.com.au/http://au.reachout.com/http://www.health.gov.au/internet/main/publishing.nsf/Content/mental-pubs-m-young
When I'm alone I'm quite quiet and thoughtful but as soon as I go to school I'm LOUD ATTENTION SEEKING HAVE TO TALK ABOUT FUNNY THINGS and this combined with me being autistic causes alot of people to find me weird and one guy who isn't even in any of my classes randomly kicked me please help me to be myself at school





On a local "current events exposé" show called Carte Blanche there was recently a piece they did about online bullying in which a number of people testified about how people had posted unflattering pictures of them online and making fun of them for it and such. There were some other cases, but I didn't give the piece my full attention for very long so I don't remember what other situations were covered.In a nutshell, the victims of this online bullying failed to make use of a very powerful feature that almost all social networking platforms make available to their users which I'll mention later in this essay.(sorry for the long read by the way but I feel this needs to be said)Several months ago, I made an ass of myself on IRC and one of the users who witnessed that took it upon himself to harass me on reddit for it. I begged and pleaded for him to just leave me alone and my pleas eventually turned into threats and later action where I started reporting all of his comments on all of my posts and I even laid a complaint against him with US authorities to be forwarded to the FBI (he thought this last one was hilarious) and still he continued.Eventually I went to reddit admin and asked them what I can possibly do now because I'd exhausted all avenues that reddit makes available. I was told that with the Reddit Enhancement Suite I could make it so that his comments don't show up (at least for me).A while after I installed it and hid all of this particular user's contributions, I still got notifications occasionally of him commenting on my posts, but eventually it stopped.This is what the victims on Carte Blanche didn't consider. They allowed the harassment to continue for such a long time when they should have blocked their "attackers" outright. Don't even try to reason with these people. They probably know and understand that their behavior isn't rational or acceptable but something in their head makes it impossible for them to stop.There's no shame in blocking users who are causing you emotional and/or psychological harm.The following is more the exception than the rule, but as the essence of this post is to do with blocking harmful or anti-social users on social media, there is risk present especially with no knowledge of the harmful user's state of mind, so I feel it would be negligent of me to omit this.DISCLAIMER: I'm not psychologist or psychological profiler. I'm a guy with a hobby and so my understanding of the following may be incomplete or in some places, outright incorrect.When one person harasses another this way, it could indicate some fixation that this person has on you. The validation of their anti-social activity that you provide through your continued responses to their harassment very likely fulfills some need that they may not even know they have.In most cases, once this validation stops, the offender will just move on to the next victim and keep following that pattern throughout their lives, but there can be rare cases where they feel abandoned. In ceasing your responses to their harassment, you may cause them to feel that you're rejecting them (which you totally are anyway), and depending on how strong their need for your validation is, they could potentially become dangerous and hostile towards you.Among other reasons, this is why it is vitally important when establishing your social media profile that you provide no identifying information. Don't give these people any means by which they can find you.Don't put your phone number on your facebook profile. Your friends and people who need to have it will make plans to get it from you in person.Don't put your street address on your facebook profile either. Your friends will call if you move so they know where to find you. If you live in Houston, TX then put that if you like. Houston is a massive place. It would be very difficult for anyone to find you with such little information.So in short:* Report anything you feel is harassment to the social media platform (facebook, twitter, etc) as it occurs* Block anyone who's causing you emotional or psychological harm - they're not worth keeping on your profile anyway.* Don't put identifying information on your social media profiles, or if you want to tell people where you are in the world, be as vague as possible for your own security.If you're in South Africa and you've done everything you feel you can to end any harassment against you, you can go to the police:[Protection from Harassment Act, Act 17 of 2010](http://www.justice.gov.za/legislation/acts/2011-017.pdf)    "harassment" means directly or indirectly engaging in conduct that the respondent knows or ought to know-          (a) causes harm or inspires the reasonable belief that hann may be caused to the complainant or a related person by unreasonably-              (i) following. watching. pursuing or accosting of the complainant or a related person, or loitering outside of or near the building or place where the complainant or a related person resides, works, carries on business, studies or happens to be;              (ii) engaging in verbal, electronic or any other communication aimed at the complainant or a related person, by any means, whether or not conversation ensues; or              (iii) sending, delivering or causing the delivery of letters, telegrams, packages, facsimiles, electronic mail or other objects to the complainant or a related person or leaving them where they will be found by, given to, or brought to the attention of, the complainant or a related person; or          (b) amounts to sexual harassment of the complainant or a related person;      "harm", means any mental, psychological, physical or economic harm;By this criteria, if you can prove that someone has engaged in such activity and you've made previous efforts to protect yourself, you can go to the police and apply for protection from them.

Friends getting hassle on an app called kiwi and it's quite regular, I was wondering if there are any "tools" to find these bully's in real life? Thanks in advance :)





My friends and I have a chat where we talk about whatever, and some of it involved heavy objectification of girls and was defamatory, however none of it was truly pointed or meant to harm the other person. It recently got leaked and the people in question found out, and are threatening it as cyberbullying and to report it to the school. Can things said like this count as cyberbullying, even though intentions weren't to harm? 

i just had a conversation with my best friend and i ended up saying something that sounds rather screwed up to me and her  >i know racism technically doesnt exist, but i think im racist against myself. which actually is something ive never heard of  >i pretty much let the racism get to me and define me  now that i realized how some of the bullying that was race based effected me, i was wondering if anyone else ended up like this? ended up internalizing the racism to this extent.
Vivian Vaughn is a well-respected, beautiful, and talented drag queen who has inspired so many of us in the gay community. However, Miss Vaughn is being harassed by a Facebook page called "Miss Gay Durham-RTP." The people who run this page are nothing but pure psychopaths with no reason but to hurt others. These people have sunk so low as to create websites called vivianvaughn.com and vivianvaughn.org to discourage her. I will not reveal the identity of the sick, obssessed men who manage this page; however, with enough research you can find out WHO they are. And the worst part is, these two men get a sick jolly out of hurting others. Their only reason behind doing this is to make themselves feel better about a pageant they unprofessionally managed that turned out to be more of disaster than the Hindenburg tragedy. This is nothing but a classic case of mental illness, hateful speech, and down-right evil that needs to be stopped. I, along with many others, have tried to report the page, but Facebook will not take it down. I want everyone who is apart of the gay community to stop this travesty. As a community, we need to come together to stop this kind of negativity that these self-righteous, pretentious homosexuals spread. They give gay men everywhere a bad name. Nobody should have to endure the mockery and hate Miss Vaughn is having to face. Thank you for reading!This is the sick and shady page: https://www.facebook.com/MissGayDurhamRTPAmericaPageant ... and here is the website they went through the trouble to create out of vicious intent http://www.vivianvaughn.com/
So guys , i have a project in school about bullying , and i want to make an investigation about people being bullied or bullying someone or witnessing a bullying . Guys please answer this  you will help me a lot. http://strawpoll.me/5702043
Hello there, please help me to solve this problem. I'm a boy in 8th grade, have little friends, sometimes quiet, sometimes annoying/funny. Ever since I started 8th grade this year, it's a completely disaster. There is one classmate that always bothers me. His name is Dylan. He is Hispanic, black hair, tall, pale with no feelings. Ever since I began 8th grade for some reason he calls me "Mama Gay". He always refers me with that name. Every day he punch me on the arm. He also has a friend who follows his steps, but today I saw his friend normal and a little kind... Anyway he always finds a way to ruin my life. Actually I'm scared to telling a teacher, I don't know what he can do me outside school. Today he took my backpack and thanks god that I got it and he didn't steal nothing. I'm tired, I feel like garbage, somehow I'm losing friends for no reason, I don't bother nobody and I get this. I couldn't resist anymore and decided to find help of my problem, I feel depression is slowly consuming me...
At school i took a bullying survey, one question was, "Do you feel safe at school?"  I took this as an opportunity to finally share my full opinion on bullying, here was my answer... "Nothing really, it isn't unsafe now, bullying will happen forever and there is nothing we will ever be able to do to stop it, raising awareness will not help.  Just because we raise awareness about shootings doesn't mean they don't happen, and that goes for everything.  Electronic bullying isn't bullying its just a mean comment on the internet, they are everywhere.  The real bullying is the bullying that involves fists and fighting, not a mean comment on Instagram that is the dumbest form of bullying I've ever heard of and honestly I'm surprised not inviting someone to your birthday party isn't considered bullying now a days.  With the school system now, everyone HAS to win and no one can be left out, and that is stupid, you aren't preparing us for the REAL world at all, once we leave school and get jobs are co - workers may not like us, and that's just what life is, your not always gonna be a winner, your not always gonna get the best side of everything, your gonna get bullied, someone isn't gonna like you and you aren't gonna like someone else. So yea i feel safe at school..."Im in 8th grade by the way...

so there is this group of 5 or 6 people in school, my age, who are constantly criticising and insulting my personality, my likes, and what im doing at the current time. at first i just dismissed it as immaturity and just them showing off to their friends, but now its really starting to weigh on me and i struggle to stay calm in school. i think the reason they started was because my brother was talking shit about me (he hates me...) One of them (i guess the 'big tough leader' of the group) wants to fight me but i know he will win... plus im outnumbered...what can i do?

This is my little opinion on bullying, if you think that fundraisers and more awareness will stop bullying it wont.  Ever since the beginning of time one person has not liked another person, and that's usually how war starts, one country not liking another.  Honestly bullying is just a little thing and wont last forever.  In 5th grade I got bullied by this one girl and the year after that in 6th grade it was over, maybe im lucky, i dont know.  But my main concern for people is cyber bullying.  the dumbest form of bullying.  If you read a comment that says "you are so dumb, end your life" and you actually kill yourself, you shouldn't have gone on the internet in the first place.  the internet is a nuke of insults and offensive nature.  Cyber bullying has been around since instant chat (AOL) and all them.  People who kill themselves or take bullying way to seriously, are dumb and if you are really sad about your bully or depressed don't be, especially in high school since your almost done and it isn't likely you two would pick the same college.  this is just my little opinion.
Basically, there's some dick at school called Kacper (He's Polish) he keeps do the generic bully stuff like pushing me, annoying me, and all that. Him and his friends just treat it "playfully", I've told him multiple times to stop, and I think it's becoming pretty clear by now that I don't want this to happen. At lunch times he even stands on my feet and only get's off if I give him money. But here's the problem: teachers give no fuck, and his friends and my friends will probably bully me more if I get him in trouble, he's also much taller and stronger than me, my friends probably won't help. So what the shit am I to do? Any help is appreciated greatly.                                                                          *Edit:* It needs to be a long term solution, I feel short term ones like "kick him" will make it worse
Hello, so this guy living in my neighborhood and study in my school the first time we met was from 4 years and all the time when i see him he keep asking for money and if i d'ont have he beat me and he always keep saying bring money next time and if u d'ont i will heat u and he kept doing this from the middle school and in our education system middle school is only 3 years and after that high school and now i'm on my first year of high school and he returned to the same thing :'( , he is taller and stronger than me and i'm skinny and short if , i really need help guys and i'm so sry for my bad english 
Bullies have picked on me all my life. I just didn't care if they insult me. I was just numb. But I am no longer numb, I am pissed. They don't know it yet but i have a tactical pen in the mail and its on its way. Next time they push me down, beat on me, slap me with towels in the dressing room. Ill be ready. Ill give em one right in the collarbone with all the force i have. I am tired of standing down. Everyone gets 1 free ticket and I haven't used mine yet. Counselors are not working, neither are the teachers. So I will take matters into my own hands. (Just a clarification, not gonna kill anyone. Just get them off my back.)Thanks for listening guys. 
So there has been this "epidemic" of bullying on social media in my area under the theme of the TV show Gossip Girl. People set up anonymous pages on twitter for example one at the moment is "Epsom Gossip" https://twitter.com/epsomgossip. They get people to send in "gossip" or explicit pictures and tweet them on the page. This is a horrible form of bullying and I would love for a way to out the coward running the page. Anyone got any ideas?


Harassment online shouldn't happen regardless, but can't you just block people that are really harassing you? I was bullied in real life, I'm 18 and in the Internet age, and I feel like it's a bit silly. We are able to block people for a reason. I feel like nowadays there is too much leeway from true harassment, to just criticism. Am I the only one who feels this way? Unless the you are being doxxed, or the bullying starts online and goes offline, you can just block people and be done. 
Can someone help me come up with ideas and get contact info to do something cool for Cody and Austin? (http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/teen-defends-blind-classmate-punches-high-school-bully-article-1.2372895)

I was never bullied. I thought when they started saying “it will get better” was a good thing. That they were sympathizing with the victims. They were giving them hope. And I’m not saying that it’s not a good thing. There are a lot of things out there bringing attention to bullying. But I’ve yet seen something, someone doing something about the bullying, the bully. I hear the bullied has to ignore them, sticks and stones.. , be the bigger person and trust it will get better. Why does this has to fall on them? I don’t know how we can stop people from bullying each other. But there must be something better than “it will get better”. I have to believe that. Because I don’t want to fear that my child will come home in tears one day. That my child will dread going to school every single day. And this has me fearing the words “it will get better” because it won’t in the long haul, not with what we’re doing now.*Mo Inane*
How many children need to switch to home/cyber schooling before the school district admits there is a bullying problem? How many suicides do there need to be?  Our school has a bullying problem. How much do we as parents have to put up with? Our school administrators need to take the blinders off! Does your school have this problem? The solution they offer is to move the bullied child to another school in the district.
I have been having a particularly rough month with workplace bullying, especially because it seems to be sanctioned in a corporate setting. Are these people who were bullied as a child or are they the ones who were doing the bullying back then?? does that matter when it comes to figuring out how to stop them??http://iannaraimcoaching.com/school-yard-work-bullying-are-not-so-different/


I have a story to share here real quick if y'all don't mind. First of all, I'm a 16 yo teenage boy from Pikeville, Kentucky. All my life I've been a huge game nerd. My favorite games by far are the Dark Souls series. And, believe it or not, it saved my life.I can remember the exact day and the exact words when the bullying started. It was halfway through elementary school. 3rd grade. My friends at the time consisted of mainly guy friends. Which, I would say I thought was normal for the time. But, there was this one kid. His name was Michael, but he went by "Mikey"He started calling me gay. I'll admit, I did take offense to this. But I didn't do anything. He did this for about a week. The following week however, when I was walking home, he decides to jump me. This happened every day for the year. I would either have to run like I was in the Olympics, which did give me great leg power which I kept to this day, or he would catch me and beat the living hell out of me. By this time, I had a PlayStation one. I loved the Legacy of Kain series on it. It was basically the only thing in my life at the time that gave me a sense of pleasure after I got home after being beaten on the side of the road. And yes, the people would watch this happen in their cars.Let's fast forward to middle school. I moved from Florida to Montana at this point. At this point, I had an Xbox 360. I was mainly playing cod 2 and skyrim when it came out.First day of middle school. I kid you not, first hour in my new school, I hear chuckles calling me gay. Not just this though, I guess it was cool now to call people retarded too. So I was immediately labeled gay and retarded. Even though I was literally on my new school for not even half an hour. I don't even think I talked to anyone yet.One thing was positive about this new school though. There were people who gave me a chance. They were gamers as well. While I have the chance, I'll say. Jared, Jake, Nathan, thank you for the chance you gave me.We were all hyped for skyrim. Talking about it everyday. Of course, people would overhear this and call us terrible names, but we didn't care. Because in our own worlds back at home, we were heroes. Dragonslayers. Knights. While it may seem strange to people who don't game, gaming gives us who can't fit in a chance to be the popular ones. The ones who save others. We're always given chances to prove ourselves.My rambling aside, I'm sure you don't care for this nonsense...Our small band of brothers who talked about upcoming games, what we saw in the latest game informer, etc. We were as close as friends could get. However, while this was the most happiness I had in years, there was still more to come.Around 7th grade, there was this girl who hanged out with us. Her name was Elizabeth.Guyaz. she preferred to be called Eliza. I thought she was the most beautiful thing in the world. One day, during lunch break, I went up to her, pulled her aside, and real quickly whispered that I really liked her. She smiled and said she liked back. I thought my heart was going to stop.We stayed together all throughout middle school. Now, she was bullied as well by other girls who thought she wasnt good looking enough. And would often ask me if I thought she was good looking. I would always say yes, and I absolutely meant it.Back on track here... she was a bit of a gamer. Which was great. However, the end of middle school came. And I unfortunately had to move again. I was leaving to Michigan. I never got the chance to tell her.A month later, I enter high school. No friends, I know no one. However, this was different.People didn't label me the first day. People didn't pick on me. And I made friends quick. Why? Well, it was because of my recent involvement into online gaming. I had gotten xbox live. And I started to make friends online.I'm guessing that actually talking to people online gave my social skills a bit of practice. I made friends rather quickly in high school. And I connect this to my encounters online and talking to more people.I then got Dark Souls in 10th grade. Believe it or not, this is a very special game to me. It showed me that you can accomplish anything if you just press on.When that boss kills you with a cheap move. That's others saying mean words. Yea they hurt the moment they're said, but if you wait for your chance and strike back, you can overcome them. Look, I know this all sounds far fetched, saying how dark souls has made me a person whose not bullied anymore, but just hear me out.When you die right when your about to win and you feel the rage build up and want to quit. That's life. It's showed me that if you take some time and think it out, you can figure out how to beat anything.When you summon a phantom to help you beat a boss, that's the same as having a good friend who sticks with you and helps defend and overcome those people who think they're better or more powerful.When you [SPOILER RIGHT NOW] kill Gwyn and inherent the first flame to continue the age of fire, that's the moment when you overcome and just don't care what people say anymore. You've become more powerful than them because you just took the power they had, which was putting others down, and you wiped it from their hands.All I'm trying to get at is, if you're going through people putting you down, saying you're gay, retarded,  worthless, etc. Find something you love to do. I'm sure you can find a way to connect it to your life somehow, and once you find that out, you will see how you can better your life.Now, my ranting aside, more summon signs have just popped up, time to fight the mirror knight on dark souls 2 :)Be careful out there, I wouldn't want to see you go hollow...

Haters / bullies kill more children than drunk drivers do.&nbsp;-Conservatively ~2000 bullying related suicides (under 21) per yearhttp://www.bullyingstatistics.org/content/bullying-and-suicide.html&nbsp;-Liberally ~1500 drunk driving related Deaths (under 21) per yearhttp://www.madd.org/statistics/&nbsp;~Oliver
.Minimization of emotional / psychological abuse&nbsp;One of the most tricky things to identify, in a situation of emotional or psychological abuse, is that it's actually happening. It feels more... tangible, only after it's happened. Which in many circumstances renders the victim unable to obtain recourse.&nbsp;An important thing to remember is the sliding scale of intensity, in mental / personality disorders. Such as APD, NPD, psychopathy etc etc...From mild to acute; neurochemical imbalances, or learned behaviors, come in varying "sizes, shapes and colours". Even though there are specific criteria to each and every mental disorder, every individual is different. Although some do hurt others.&nbsp;On a positive note, the more any individual learns about the disorder(s) they have, the more they can cope and adjust their lives, so as to limit any potential:harm/hurt/damage/corruption/hypocrisy caused by their disorder.&nbsp;Many people that do suffer from mental disorders will go to great lengths to hide or deny their condition, or even neurotic "addiction" to the supply that emotional / psychological violence generates. &nbsp;This brings me to the point of the article, where I explain the cultural prevalence of:Minimization of emotional and psychological abuse.&nbsp;The whole point of coming up with buzz words (in speak), to replace actual proper terminology, is so that it can be communicated without raising as much alarm, as the proper term would yield. But as well buzzwords can denote inclusion to a group, clique or community.&nbsp;Such as if one were to say:&nbsp;"Oh don't mind them... its just a bunch of -kids- -haunting- someone" [sounds much softer than]"Oh don't mind them... its just a bunch of mentally disordered adults, criminally stalking & harassing someone".&nbsp;You see, the hater is an intrinsic coward (except for the outright violent ones). A poltroon of their own mental trappings. As they can not openly talk about their abuse... they must skew it. Otherwise it makes them seem like the bad ones.Therefore they come up with silly and cute little names and lingoes that;make it easier to manipulate & coerce others into constituency, participation, or simple apathy of reporting a witnessed event of harassment.&nbsp;Cultural Minimization Slang v.s. Proper Technical / Medical Terminology &nbsp;Hater = Sociopathic / Sadistic (Defining trait: "Diminished empathy or remorse for others")http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antisocial_personality_disorderhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sadistic_personality_disorder&nbsp;Hater-ade = narcissistic / psychopathic / sociopathic "supply"http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=hateradehttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Narcissistic_supply&nbsp;Kids = Minimization of arrested development / Immaturityhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arrested_development&nbsp;Pushed out = Lynched / criminal harassment / stalkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lynching&nbsp;Haunted = mass harassed, slandered/libeled, stalked.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stalking&nbsp;X'd / cut off  = socially isolated http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_isolation&nbsp;Ass Kicked = Bullied / intimidated.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychological_abuse&nbsp;Anyways it goes on and on as such... the people who suffer from such maladjustment and or mental disorder/disability (-That Do Hurt Others-): Will always be looking for ways to obfuscate and justify their hurt inflicted, in penile self satisfying displays. &nbsp;But it's unfortunately not explicitly on an individual scale. As, over the course of years, such haters' pathologies actually manifestFor example... The Nazi Party or The KKK. &nbsp;Lastly I have nothing but the utmost admiration and respect for those who are responsible with their conditions.I know I make a concerned effort every day to do so, as it is the individuals that are able to positively subjugate their conditions, that inspire me the most. &nbsp;Society is evolving!~Oliver &nbsp;.
my best friend and i are going to the same college because its great scholarship and its impressive to get in.  lately my best friend and i had been getting threats from this kid in our class, he goes to the bathroom and looks up our home addresses and our family members and messes with us.  he would "whisper" to his little dick-eater friend and be loud on purpose so we can hear him say: (for example) 542 north john doe lane (that would be my house address).  saying he would "pay us a visit" and say stuff to my friend like, "yo hook me up with your friends sister", being my little sister who is underage.  Being an older brother with one sibling who is all you got, you can imagine my rage.  this kid would actually walk into my friends room and mess his bed up to get him written up.  (this college is ran like a military school i swear.)  so yeah, if you walk on grass you get written up, if your room is messy or dusty you get written up.  i dont know what this kids problem is, i nor my friend did anything to deserve this, now, ive been bullied before but this is different.  this kid seems very "able", like he is a man of his word.  so i feel if he makes a threat he will carry it out.  to be honest im getting kinda desperate, i feel like im always being watched and one false move and i could get my family, house or self in harms way.  what should i do? should i talk to a teacher? administrator? we have a pastor who vowed to confidentiality at college.   i feel like theres no safe move for this.  if i dont do anything im going to deal with this guy for the rest of my college life.  but i feel like if i say something ill be named a "snitch" and his friends probably wouldnt take that too kindly.  sorry if im being over dramatic or hysterical. this is my first time writing anything on reddit and going over this it does look like im being a little too uppity about it.  but believe me, this is so much worse than it sounds. help.    ps  ill give any more info to people who are kind enough to reply.  edit: im not trying to be a b*tch, im just scared.
.&nbsp;It has come to my attention for some time now, that many believe themselves to be "evil". At least in part or in whole. Such obfuscation of mental disorder, criminality and immorality needs to stop being known as "evil" because the minimization of said negative aspects prohibits resolution & rehabilitation, due to protection under the guise of social freedom.&nbsp;"Evil people" (once again, partially or in whole) are intrinsically mentally disordered.As a result violence, bias and further oppression prevails so as to suit their own maladjusted and disordered pathologies.&nbsp;As in "us v.s. them" (good v.s evil) mentalities, that are common to religious doctrine, evil is a necessary definition. That is needed, so as to include the mentally disordered, as constituents of religion AND to leverage "the word of god" against anyone in the community that has qualms with infractions of "good".Ie: If one identifies as, or is labeled as "evil" they therefore are, or become a figure of religious theory.&nbsp;Once again that is a delusional methodology, as civil sciences now supersede religious philosophy. Furthermore modern medicine has comprehensive studies & available diagnoses of a wide spectrum of what is otherwise termed "evil". &nbsp;For example: A drug addict may be demonized as "evil", because of the stigma and stereotypes associated with drug abuse, (even though the individual may never harm nor intend to hurt anyone directly).However the problem with that is when an individual is oppressed, repressed or identified as an "outgroup" they inherently have a lesser chance of overcoming their unwanted condition. &nbsp;That is because for an individual to subjugate any unwanted condition, they must have: A. The desire to changeB. A supportive environment to change C. Access (liberty) to the necessary tools that will allow them to change.That includes untainted social circles (friends) that will help them overcome said conditions.&nbsp;The problem is that when people who fail to conform (for whatever reason) and thus are excluded from society (effectively labeled as "evil"), they are reasonably unable to reform themselves into healthy civilians (ergo such high recidivism rates).&nbsp;Therefore "evil" people need to be given the provision necessary in order to become "good".That includes the recognition of specific disorders, that are the causality of the identification as "evil people".&nbsp;Evil people are not evil, and I rebuke the term because of the fact that it ignores modern science.&nbsp;Society is evolving~Oliver&nbsp;.
So today in one of my college classes, I chose to sit in the center of the first row of seats of the class, because I one, got there early, and two, its easier to see the teacher and be more engaged in the class when sitting there. Anyhoo, typically its where a group of students (Lets call them "The Amoeba", cause as a whole that's what they are) sits. Some of them are my friends and like me, some of them don't and are all snarky and shit. Not a big deal, cause usually I sit on the edge of the row with a few of the cooler Amoeba companions, however today by being early I had earned my seat. Anyway, as I had sorta expected, there was a bit of an outcry and was made a big deal by the, lets say, Regina George of the Amoeba. And that WAS a problem, because I don't care if you like me or not, but you will treat me like a human being. And the extent of this attitude and the fact that it was over a damn chair has to be rectified. So now, I want to get back at them somehow through these over glorified seats to send the message "get the fuck over yourself." I had devised two ideas, but I can't really follow through. One is I remove all the chairs before class, but there's a 9 am class that meets prior to this one, so they'd be wrongfully caught in the cross hairs. The other was pay the other students in the class (the ones that The Amoeba treats as the dregs of the class, also infuriating) to sit in those seats for the day, but that would be pricey and none of them really share my grudge enough to do it for free. So here I am, either asking for another way to end The Amoeba's tyranny or how to make either of my previous plots work. And believe me when I say this isn't just for me, The Amoeba is notorious for treating others like shit, especially the leaders of it. I wish it was as easy as rallying the troops, but it seems I'm the only one willing to do something about it. Any ideas that are do-able welcome, Sincerely, The chair freedom fighter p.s. The next class is in two days time, so this is time sensitive.

After three years of denials from my son's school, today they gave me a letter acknowledging that my son has been bullied and promising to suspend the latest bully.All it took was three years of phone calls, meetings, letter after letter, self-doubt, escalation, wondering if I was going crazy, more escalation, wondering if they were already crazy, stress, stress, and more stress...and it's worth every moment.I stayed true to my values and stood my ground as my son's advocate until I got an adequate, reasoned, adult response. I've shown my son that it's okay to stand up to authority when they're wrong. And I've made his world that little bit safer for him.What broke the logjam was that the principal, who along with her assistant is solidly in denial about bullying, brought in her predecessor to consult on the matter. Wham bam, problem solved.I've spent the past three years giving the principal and her assistant as much benefit of the doubt as I can, until I finally became convinced this year that there was no more doubt I could reasonably give them - they were the problem. This result confirms that. Bring in a new person, bust the logjam.I would like to thank the school's restorative practice consultant, who tried to discourage me from escalating this matter; and my son's schoolmate's mother who said she thought stuff like this shouldn't be talked about. Guys, your misguided comments helped confirm me in my course.If you're suffering bullying, and you're wondering whether it's worth all the stress to fight it and stay the course, let me tell you: it's worth it.Parents, you are your child's advocate. It's your job to believe them and go into bat for them, time after time. Stand your ground.**TL;DR** Three years of continual advocacy on my son's behalf finally brought an acknowledgement that he has been bullied, along with a suspension for the latest bully. 
Hey guys, I recently did a video where I tried to give my honest opinion on bullying, and what it is defined as in my eyes, I want as many people as possible to hopefully gain advice from this video, even if its just a little, and if you don't, tell me, I would love some feedback :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztuLawJYoH4Thanks :)PS. Yes, I know my camera and audio quality is awful.
Well, I don't know how to go about this...but yeah, I moved to a different city (an hour and a half away, from the Bay area to Sacramento) before 7th grade. I had an incredibly awkward stage, and I had a hard time making friends so I developed a quirky personality and acted weird and different to get some sort of attention...idk, people can be cruel. I've had guys pretending to flirt with me in an openly mocking way, spreading rumors that I was pregnant or performed sexual acts on them (now that I think about it, that's probably considered sexual harrassment). Had friends turn against me. I was the butt of the jokes. I had to go to a different high school from the one most of them were going to go to.High school was a little bit better, I had my own group of friends but I was kinda in the angsty, emo, smartass group even though I had other friends and acquaintances I could've hung out with. I am still responsible for how I acted and said, especially because I wasn't over an ex, but we all kinda turned on each other. I got tee pee'd by them junior year. Other people in my graduating class made fun of me, not everyone but a lot of guys did...but I was cordial and friendly with others for the most part. I still had friends, so it wasn't like I was a complete loser...well, senior year I kinda did my own thing and had to spend my lunch in the library because most of my friends had a different lunch period than I, or were a grade above or below me. My ex was talking so much shit about me too.idk. It was so bad that I had to go to a community college in Sacramento that was further away from my home than the community college everyone went to because it was closer, and I did not want to see any of them. I'm so thankful because of that community college I went to, I met my now fiance (because we were in each other's respective high school newspapers our senior year).I just graduated from a university this year, and our wedding is going to be in March 2017. Somehow with these 2 big transitions in my life, I'm still reeling from my mistakes in the past. Is it because I was different or looked ugly? I am decent looking, my fiance would say I am beautiful and stunning to him, but I do feel like if I was prettier I would never have been treated this way. I'm also a sensitive soul I guess so maybe that's also why I was a target. I can talk to others easier now but now I have a hard time trusting, worrying what they think of me or if they're talking behind my back. Now I'm not that quirky weird person. I'm more quiet and cautious now, but I open up once you get to know me better.I posted about my regrets on Facebook and a friend of mine posted a long message about how she was so sorry she didn't defend me as much (she was one of the few who didn't turn against me) especially when her boyfriend and other people at the time tee peed my house. But she is no longer a part of that group either because she saw how toxic they were. I forgave her because she was one of the ones I still keep in contact with.My fiance has been so supportive throughout all of it and I'm so thankful. He feels so horrible that I went through what I did. He makes me feel so good about myself, helped me when I was sick (I have lupus), drove me around when I couldn't because of my previous seizures, listened to me when I was crazy...don't get me wrong, we have a blast together.I don't know. I am trying to move forward, but like other bullied victims, I can't help if there's something wrong with me all the time. Can anyone relate?tl;dr: 26/F still having a hard time coping from being bullied in her adolescence.
Ever get hurt and broken over someone that spreads rumors and lies about you behind a screen?  Abused by someone just because your appearance people threatening hacks just treating you like a waste of space and the numbers are against you nothing you do seems like it matters WE are here WE will help you WE will solve your problems WE have the army you need by your side tell us your story and we will solve your problems we will do what ever we can to make them pay for the abuse we will cleanse the internet of those that just come to make you suffer and know what if you don't have anyone that abuses you maybe you can help we need certain skills and ability's that not all of us can offer now SPEAK UP Heres our new twitter if you ever need to contact us there https://twitter.com/lotbp

I'm originally from Africa (I prefer not to say but for the sake of this SA) Anyway I moved to the country I am living in now when I was 6 years old and now I am 16. This kid (I am bigger than by size) keeps on calling me African. I am white and don't even have any black people in my family. He keeps on going "Habogalabogla" Like my language even though it's English. Anyway any tips on making him quit. He keeps on acting like because I'm from Africa I'm stupid or something. I usally keep quite and ignore when he says something but sometimes I respond. What do? 





My 12 year old daughter (4'8", 68 pounds) has been the victim of bullying and sexual molestation on a rural school bus over the last few years. We have completed all of our due diligence with the school, the school superintendent, and the law, yet it is still happening within the district/county. My daughter has been: hit, punched, kicked, had her things stolen, been held down and spanked by these boys, been told that they could touch her anytime they want to, head slammed against the bus, subject to some of the nastiest comments, pinned to the floor by boys, kid pulled down his pants & patted his genitals at her, sexual acts with moaning using freaking hot wheels cars, had used feminine hygiene pads put in her notebook... You get the picture. We have actively tried to work with the district and school with zero results. Last Monday, my daughter and her friend were being kicked by some boys on the bus and she smacked one of them on the head to get them to stop. The bus driver reported the latest incident to the school and my daughter was called to the vice principal's office. The vice principal interrogated her - ask a question, wait for answer, then stared her for a few minutes. Each question, answer, them stare. Screamed at my daughter on why she didn't come to her instead of the school counselor (who, by state law, must report such things) and was so loud, lady from outer office came in to see if everything was all right. The vice principal claimed my daughter was guilty by video evidence that she would not present, <problem> No camera on morning bus <problem>.SRO tells daughter 'that if the kid had a mark on him by the end of the day, her parents would be taken to court and when she lost, would go to jail. Eventually, the vice principal called my wife at home and told her that our daughter would be suspended off the bus for three days. Wife calls me at work and I go into Angry Dad Mode.I am a one horse owner/operator of an IT business, so I can reschedule clients at need - that day I went to the middle school to  bring my daughter home early. Was professional with the front office, spoke of my older four boys, new ceiling tiles being installed, waiting on my daughter to be brought from class - all the while being maddogged by the SRO - never saw Principal or the vice- principal. We went home and talked about what happened. Wasn't fair, she was in the right of the matter, and this had been going on for years. Assured my daughter she was safe and we would take care of the issue.Now, this is Polk County, Tennessee - 16k people, 97.9% white with powerful old families that have run the county since it's founding. If you challenge them... people still disappear, houses burned down, arrested, harassed, children bullied, bankrupted, and finally run out of the county. You_cannot_win. We're outsiders, not original settlers, nothing. I don't do business here, but in the surrounding counties, where I have a good reputation. We cannot get traction/justice in this county [more detail](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Just-In-Case/151868268484469) I am very good at what I do, so I started research. The more I looked, the worse it became. At Copper Basin High school, two students have committed suicide in the last 6 months due to bullying. There was no action taken by admin or the district [REF-1](http://www.knoxnews.com/news/state/bullying-blamed-for-suicides-of-2-tenn-students) [REF-2](http://www.timesfreepress.com/news/local/story/2015/apr/12/polk-county-schoolsprobe-bullying-allegations/298238/)I found [The Polk County Education Coalition](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Polk-County-Education-Coalition/542284782579548) where I found more evidence of deliberate indifference by county and district officials.Then I find stuff like this said to an allegedly 'gay' little boy: [Your kind isn't welcome at Chilhowee](https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=547542232053803&id=542284782579548)There is more and since this is my first post here, I won't link everything about it - that Polk County Education Coalition has more than enough to infuriate you.I have reached out via twitter, email, various websites to gain attention to this little 1950's pre-civil rights county - contacted the Governor of Tennessee Bill Haslam, TN Dept of Education, Rep Chuck Fleischman (whom I contacted about this last year -  same issue, met with his rep in Athens, TN), TBI, FBI, The US Dept of Justice, freaking UN, President Obama, Rev Al, Rev Jesse Jackson, EVERY news org, and various groups - everybody/anybody that might give a damn.My daughter has been home since I picked her up last Monday, she is scared to go to school and especially scared of the vice principal. Two nights ago, my one and only streetlight, that I pay the local utility for, was shot out. It is dark up on the mountain, one hour away from any real help, I placed a report about the outage the same night. It's still out. We stay armed at all times and escort the kids out into the yard just to take the dogs out and feed the chickens. It's like that.So here I am on reddit - read our story - it's become bigger than the safety of my own daughter and now I cannot stop or move away. There is too much wrong in this remote county of Tennessee and I need help. No more kids should die because no one hears or cares for their screams out on the mountain any more.I'm in your hands - tell me what to do.
my name is georgia i am 15 and i live in australia i would like to share my story with you since i have never been able to tell anyone due to communication issues my parents divorced at 8 and my father was abusive (Hitting punching kicking and giving me supplies to kill myself) i ran away for 1 month so i didnt have to see him again and decided to live with my mother when i started high school i was bullied constantly  in person online and by random people from different schools i fell in love with this boy and he said he wouldnt date me unless i sent naked  photos me wanting to be loved and having daddy issues i did and the next day i found them everywhere printed and put around where i live on my facebook everything i later deleted that facebook made a new one and became popular (7k followers and 5k friends) and i liked having people like photos etc but then i was further bullied by that and at this point had been selfharming since i was 12 so i decided to try and end it and i now have keloid scars on my arms due to the bullying and i had to get stitches after many suicide attempts my mother found out how i was feeling and put me into councelling it didnt seem to work to well and later had my best friend at the time beat me down in public in front of everyone i was spat on tripped beaten and even mobbed and had my phone and money stolen some people went so far and threw things over my fence at me and tried to take my dog away because there didnt need to be two dogs in the house i know this may seem attention seeking but i am fine now i studding to become a makeup artist and have since left school and facebook all together i hope everyone sees what im trying to say and you are worth the effort you are all beautiful and all deserve to be on this earth 
1. Don't look like a victim. Bullies prey on the easy targets.2. Learn how to say **"Knock it off!"** like you mean it. Small dog, big bark.3. Avoid the fist fight - if can. Best to resolve peacefully.4. But if you have to fight, FIGHT TO WIN. That means fight dirty.5. Use [this secret technique](https://goo.gl/YkL6Fg) when in real danger[Learn more](http://blackbeltconfidence.com/how-to-fight-bully/)[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/T8fAunA.jpg)
I haven't been able to tell this story due to being scared of what might happen but I have decided to come out and tell the world when I was 8 years old my parents divorced a year later my dad started drinking and getting abusive i was 10 when he started beating me and I was 11 when I became became suicidal when I was 12 i was diagnosed with depression and anxiety and was on medication I self harmed and he later saw this and beat me for it and then gave me a tub of bleach telling me if i wanted to kill myself go ahead and do it at age 13 i built up the nerve and did it I over dosed and I was found in my bathroom on the floor by my brother (19) and took me to the hospital he didnt know my father beated me so he told him and when he visted me at the hospital i was so happy because i thought he cared by he just spat on me walked out and called me a mistake my childhood wasn't the best I started year 9 and i created a facebook account and started becoming popular and started getting bullied too from and during school i was pushed i was beaten i was mobbed and had things stolen from me my own best friend at the time punch me in the face and put my head inside the toilet because i told her that her boyfriend sent me a photo of his genitals she didn't believe me i left school after going for 2 days in year 10 because of how bad i was being bullied what took me off was when my mother found the messages people would send me and even found a naked photo going around of me because i started dating someone's ex i have gotten better since i left school but i wanted to tell everyone my story i am now 15 no longer get bullied and no longer have Facebook i hope this story shows the world isn't black and white and you never know what goes on behind closed doors
fell into a bully's covert traps. the bully was my boss and it took years for me to figure out what was really going on. i decided to accept the possibility that i could get fired then i fought back in this way: i ignored him and starting teaching others how to ignore him. he became a coward around me. recently he announced that he is leaving (for another job). i am still here and happier than ever. this took place over the last 18 years. good luck to others taking on this challenge and congrats to those that have also persevered!
Alright so I was play an online game, nobody was on, so I waited for more people to show up. 2 hours pass and the game starts. I get called for dinner and I tell my mom I'll have something later thanks to the game. 3 more hours pass and I almost win the game and the host tells me I lost even though I met the requirements first, turns out her friend won because she has armor for that. And then I get kicked out, she brings me out again to ask me something. I told her I met the requirements first and she just laughed in my face. She said her friend won before me. I get a little mad saying it was me. Then she makes fun of me, HARSHLY. Laughing, calling me names, telling me I'm worthless. And I deleted that game today, and sent a report about how mean she was. I almost smashed it with a hammer. But I decided that more things are important than a damn game, but I did track that girl and my mom sent her a message on that game, but nothing 
Before you automatically comment that it's never the victims fault, read what I have to say then make ur honest judgement.  I have always had the tendency to run my mouth. I'm of a very sociable nature and I tend to talk alot or ramble. I know that I was bullied in like kindergarten or gr1 (I was extremely young which is why I  can't pinpoint it exactly, I just know it happened when I was <= 6 yrs). I no longer remember what the bullies actually did, I just know I was bullied because I have a distinct and vivid memory due to the feeling I had in my heart (when I get bullied, the number one bodily response I become conscious of is that my heart hurts or feels different).  By the time I was 6 I was a sensitive child because of how my mum raised me (not her fault, she was basically a single mum raising 3 kids and did the best she could). Was also sensitive because of having being bullied. Anyway from gr 2-7, when I saw I was bullied, its because I was always teased. Which doesn't effect most ppl but it just didn't sit well with me but the kids wouldn't stop. Ended up crying in a bathroom once cause of it. I still can't tell if I was too weak and should've just been able to handle the teasing better.  Then 9/11 happened which completely screws up ur world when ur of middle eastern descent and already have self-esteem problems and troubles at school.  Gr8 was hell. One year in a new high school because I had to move.The real question comes in with gr9-11. I had been moved to Texas. I don't want to generalize but Texas fucked me up and broke me. I was going to school in Richardson for gr9 and then Plano for 11-12. Richardson was the worst. First year for me in a southern area which is rampant with racism. Everything was race based, you also had to be smart about what you said and how you said it. Two things I'm not. Tendency to speak my mind with honesty and at that point I also had a tendency to get emotional and when I'm.emotional I act even more stupidly. And I had no support at all so it pretty much always ended up being me pathetically and failing to defend myself against ppl who are able to hold their own much better. I would give specific events but my post is already tldr and I don't want to bore readers.  Basically the worst bullying I received was in part because I talk too much or alot and cause my family moved me around I never had friends until college.



Not sure if this is what you do in the USA but where i live, students take sponges that the school owns and take them home, then have to take them back, sometimes students fight over who will take the sponge home because no one actually wants to do it, one time it was not my time to take it but someone tried to force me to do it, so i said okay then started walking home...But i didn't want to take it, i came back then threw the sponge around them after thinking should i do it or not for around 10 mins, the guy that should be taking the sponge was sitting there not going home after school but staying there for a bit more with other guys, then i threw the sponge at the ground around them from where they couldn't see me then ran away...After running a little i saw there was no one following me so i stopped, then i saw that there was, they send one guy to follow me then he made me come back there and then almost everyone in class and not just the guys who were there at first place (the place i threw the sponge at) where there.After that 17 classmates just all started yelling at me, insulting me, calling me a shit eater at the same time and then i was scared, i was never bullied by THIS many people at the same time and they were all screaming, insulting and yelling at me on the stairs, outside stairs that led to inside, they were at the top and i was at the bottom, then the one guy that should have took the sponge started to insult me and then i shew him the middle finger and said something, then i ran awayAfter that he STILL dodged taking the sponge and made a girl do itAlso when i started running i heard someone say "we will report you" when they were the ones bullying me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhwL4WZBAlg if anyone is even interested.. can you chekc out a very long video i made.. Leave at any time you want during it because it is extremely long for a video.. You might lose interest real quick.. But i decided to keep this video long because people share their personal stories with me and it feels kinda weird if i cut out their stories.. Trust me. I did cut a lot already too.. THANKS! 


There is this YouTube video I found https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40wk-O3yns4 could this be considered cyber bullying?
Okay so, I know ifunny is suppose to be a comedy app but people have different accounts to post other things then funny things. One of the people I follow post depressing vines, [which I do not hate] and people come along and say "KYS NOW" or "Stop being depressive b****" and it is totally rude. If they don't like it, they should just keep scrolling! Is anyone here with me and want to start some type of movement??? - IB 

why does it effect the person being bullied so much?  Please dont misunderstand me, I was severly bullied also and know just how much it can effect someone. im not trying to downplay the effects that it may have. but I thought it only happened in chatrooms and so forth which means that it only effect u if u log onto chatroom so the solution was just to not log onto the chatrooms.    admittedly i dont know much about cyberbullying so i just assumed.
My friends beautiful 13 year old daughter Zoe committed suicide a few weeks ago due to cyber bullying. Her loving family and her now devastated mom had no idea that anything was wrong because Zoe held it all inside so that she didn't burden her wonderful family. Rebecca (Zoe's mom) is a very hardworking and loving single mommy who is desperately trying to figure out how to cope with such a tragic loss!! There is a GoFundMe account set up to help her mom with funeral costs to try to take away the financial part of her grieving. She is also going to donate any additional money donated to helping teach children the power of their words and to help stop such a terrible trend of Cyber bullying!! Anything you can do to get the word out and possibly donate to her cause would be MUCH appreciated! Thank you so much for your time let's help stop this epidemic!! Her GoFundMe account can be found at Zoe Ranee Johnson Funeral. Feel free to read her story and I thank you so much for taking the time to help her mom!!

As a victim, I feel like this is a great read. You're never the only one going through bullying. Stand tall, they're only making you STRONGER.http://www.positivesouth.com/1/post/2015/07/slanders-self-esteem.html
My best friend is gay. He came out last year. I've known him since 5th grade, and we're going to high school in a couple months.. But this past year has been tough on him and I have been a witness to it. After he came out, he started talking about a crush he had on one of the football players. My friend never spoke to him. Only looked at him when he walked by. Some way or another (I believe it was one friend of his at the time who was against him being gay and even tried to convince him to be straight) the football player discovered my friends crush on him. He, along with his friends proceeded to mock him, leaving him in tears that day. In the months that followed these boys and more continued to harass my friend and bully him. I barely had the chance to stop it, because of our different schedules. But there was 2 prominent moments when I feel like I made an effect somewhat.Keep in mind: I am a short, slim, little girl with long pink hair. I don't look like much, but I'm damn strong. The first time I witnessed it, it was a large group of black males who were harassing my friend, persistently asking him if and why he was gay, motioning to their buddies saying "Look, I found you a guy!", and other things. I had been talking to another friend a few feet away when I turned and realized what was happening. I stomped to stand in front of my best friend and calmly told them to leave him alone. When they started saying "No no, we're not doing anything" and such, I persisted in telling them to stop it. They quieted down and I walked away with my friend. As we were walking I heard a voice behind me "That girl's bout to get her ass kicked." I turned and yelled "DO IT!" They stared at me in awe while I persisted in yelling "GO AHEAD! COME AT ME!" They turned and walked away to the other side of the carline.Another instance happened months later, this time with the original football players who were bullying him. I thought that they had stopped. I was very wrong. The group approached him while I WAS STANDING NEXT TO HIM and the old crush asked him "You know what SpongeBob does?" and, while flipping up my friend's nipples (my friend is overweight) said "Flips them patties!" His whole team laughed and hooted and hollered while he just smiled around like he'd done the most impressive thing in the world. He had just sexually assaulted my friend. I couldn't help it; I snarled through my teeth "Get the fck away from him", while staring at this boy with the most hate I'd ever had in my eyes. He looked down at me (This guy's 6' something) and said "Excuse me?" I repeated it. "I said: Get the fck away from him." I stood between my friend and this boy and started saying it more politely "Please go." He said all kinds of things like "I don't want to." "Make me" "I don't have to leave." "What did you say? ... That's not what you said, you said Get the f*ck away." All while I just kept repeating "You can go. Just go. Get out of here." I kept repeating it and repeating it until he and his group finally started walking away. The assaulter said "Alright, but I'll be back.". He didn't come back.This needs to stop. Too many young southern kids are raised to be ignorant people who believe that all gays are rapists, or should be shamed. Too many bullying is happening. My friend told me that he would've killed himself if he didn't have so many good friends with him. He's cut himself before. This shit needs to stop. Why does it even happen?
MVP Taekwondo will be hosting a 3 Day Anti-bullying Camp August 5 through 7 for children ages 6 and up at 5 W.Passaic Street in Rochelle Park. The camp begins at 10:30 am and ends 3:30 pm each day.The camp is aimed at teaching practical strategies for identifying and dealing with bullying behavior and how to “buddy” rather than “bully” others.Bullying is still a huge problem, and we believe that no other industry is better equipped to end bullying than martial arts. We hope you’ll come out and see for yourselfTo sign up for the program, simply send an email to info@mvptkd.com, call 201-556-9799, or sign up in person at our school.The cost of the camp is $90. Family discounts available.Children bring lunch on Wednesday and Thursday. Friday is pizza day.


(First time submitting something on reddit :D) So, I'm in a bit of a pickle, and I'd like a community opinion on it. I've made a bad comment to a friend online and didn't realize it until afterwards that what I thought was joking around turned out to be a serious conflict. Normally, when you offend someone, you can tell by the way they act, but online we lose this opportunity and offensive material doesn't get uncovered until afterwards when the parties have become even more offended.So, I'd like to ask, after you've offended someone, how can you turn it around to make the 'scene' not as big, and so you can continue to have the one-on-one talk and apology later on.Being the side that got offended and bullied a lot, I know what the offended side would do. "Play off the insulting comment(s) as a joke and then message/talk in private later on to avoid future conflicts." However, I've rarely experienced it from the other side, and I've never known how to handle it.
So,My work involves schools coming to a place of higher education in which i teach them about options and choices after school. In my work i have a strict "no touch policy" therefore even if i saw a child being bullied i couldn't physically stop it. Anyway, this one time i saw a child from a school being bullied so bad he was crying. Each school is accompanied by several teachers who all saw this but did nothing. It was obvious he was being bullied. The school was not doing anything about this. I wanted to do something but was not sure if i was aloud to intervene. I wanted to forcefully take the bully out of the class and shout at him but due to policy and the law i could not.  I was wondering what can be done in this situation?Also, in an extreme case, if i saw a child being physically beat up and no other staff were stopping it i would definitely intervene. But for this to be acceptable would i have to preform a citizens arrest? so that i would not be breaking safe guarding rules. I obviously want to help and stop children being bullied, but at the same time i don't want to go on trial or have a criminal record. 
Hello. I feel like I am being bulled and I am finding it very hard to see how I can deal with it. I have been offered counciling but I declined as I feel that it would help. I have been called to go die in a hole and been called every name you can think off. I have also been physically abused before by them. I have tried ignoring them but its harder said then done. I feel the reason why They bully me is that I can get upset easily and they may get some satisfaction out of it? I am 6.1 who goes to gym but im not the type to go hurt anyone. Their mainly mean over social media but it does happen alot in school. They call it 'banter' but they know it effects me and makes it hard for me to focus in school and through day to day stuff. If anyone could give me advise on how to deal with this I much appreciate  it. Thank you all in advanced for helping me throgh a tough time
I have spent most of my life being bullied. Now I am about to go into college, and was wondering.What could I do with my life to stop blullying?I want to dedicate my life to it.What should I study?Where could I work?Thanks for the help.
Last night i posted this video thru a facebook account, however that person which live near me deleted the video because it quickly went viral and he wanted to protect this kid from getting in any trouble. i managed to save the video bevcause i knew he would delete, and now im posting it here, this kid seriously needs to get in trouble, fucked up shithttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOu9h9KIMFI
If only people would realize the difference between bullying and teasing. This topic should be talked about way more often. Bullying means the action where a person tries to mentally destroy and bring down a person, in many cases to the point of suicide. There is nothing funny about it, no way how you look about it, unless you happen to be a sadist of some kind. Friends do not bully each other. They simply don't. People who have been seriously, truly bullied in the past to the point where it has shaped their personality negatively (such as me) do not openly talk about their experiences, the topic is way too sensitive.


[Link to the video](https://www.facebook.com/2idolshow/videos/10153019756853301/?fref=nf)  sorry for it being a facebook link.So questions aside: Why? What's their language they speak? What are they talking about? Anybody could find out the location? It is so hard just looking at it

We need your help making this film that speaks out against bullying and domestic abuse. We've got a really amazing cast of brilliant teens, and a very passionate production crew. Not to mention a ton of talented artists collaborating on making the world of this film stand out. Please check out our Kickstarter campaign (link below), and consider helping us tell this important story. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1242629380/dont-be-afraid-of-the-light
I am in my late 40's now and was bullied from primary school all the up to the day I left high school. By far the worst of it was my time in high school when a small group of bullies made my life a living hell. There was one guy in particular, the ring leader of the group, who singled me out in particular. This was in an era where nothing was ever really done about bulling and I was just left to endure it without any real support. This guy and his friends were never brought to task for what they did to me and many others.The bullying left me suffering with depression and anxiety and it completely destroyed my self confidence, I have always found it difficult to form relationships ever since. However in spite of that I am doing pretty good, I am married with a family of my own and a great job, but it took some getting here.Now in the era I left school the world wasn't quite so joined up as it is now and it was very easy to leave people behind that you never wanted anything to do with again, until recently this guy could have been on the moon in the intervening years for all I knew or cared. However that has changed now with the advent of social media. I was recently contacted on Facebook by an old school friend who was organizing a school reunion and I was taking a look through the group to see who else was invited and there he was. Just seeing his picture made my blood run cold and brought a lot of bad memories and feelings to the surface, and surprisingly a strong need in me to take some kind of revenge.It looks like he has a pretty nice life, wealthy, no kids and lots of traveling with his girlfriend. I have waited a few weeks and I still feel strongly about this and I am kind of fighting the urge for revenge at the moment and slowly losing. My idea was to basically contact the major people in his life and let them know exactly what kind of a person he is, or at least was back then. I know he could be a saint these days for all I know but somehow I doubt it, he was certainly old enough to know what he was doing back then was very wrong.I am smart enough to do this in a way that would make it impossible to identify or trace it back to me and as I was just one of many victims I wouldn't be the first person he would thing of as the origin of this, far from it.So, is what I am planning wrong? Does it make me as bad as him for wanting to send some karma back to the evil shit?

I was bullied for several years and I'm one of those really crap cases where none of the methods that exist for stopping the bullies ever worked for me. I was last bullied in high school and that was about 4 years ago now. Family and friends tell me to let it go and that holding onto those memories causes more harm than good. I think I can't let it go because, in my case, justice was never served and everyone who ever bullied me got away with it. If I let it go, it feels to me like I'm letting the bullies of the hook and that the only way I can punish them is to keep hating them. I'm aware its not a logical thought but its just how I've come to feel.What I want to know is, am I the only one who thinks this way or are there other victims with the same kind of mentality?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0t0uRdKAfQ
For no apparent reason I have been bullied at every school I went to, then college and even at work (by teenagers, every time I had lunch and there was always a big group waiting outside for no reason when I went home from work) I never found out why they did this, or who they were or what they problem was with me. I also got a death threat on way home one day after work, from some stupid teenager, just because I don't smoke.Men have also been abusive to me. My mum's ex boyfriend hit me, he was the abusive boyfriend type, very possessive and controlling of my mum.I was molested at upper school because the people that were bullying me planned for it to happen, so there was no where for me to sit but next to the creep that molested me twice during my lesson. I told the teachers and they said they would ask him about it, but nothing else ever happened. All the people that planned for this to happen made it seem like I wanted it to happen when I didn't, I felt violated and this only made my addiction to self mutilation worse. Every day was the same, it felt like the whole school was against me, I was very lonely, depressed and suicidal/mutilating myself everyday. I have been pushed, kicked, spat on, bullied but non white Indians just because I am pale, the rest of it was no apparent reason. I didn't do anything to provoke anyone to treat me like dirt just because they think that it's funny.I kept getting called fat, slut etc or they thought I was pregnant just because i'm overweight and people still think that now. At college a conversation was misunderstood and someone thought I said something I didn't. We were talking about religion and I said i'm a protestant (atheist) it's an old fashioned word. The person thought I said I was a prostitute which is rubbish, because I would rather be dead than do something disgusting like that..I was addicted to mutilating myself everyday from the age of 13-27 I did go and see counselors and went on anti-depressants for a few weeks but it didn't help.Anyway now due to that conversation, this bitch I was talking to has obviously spread rumors about me. Now people that I don't even know think that i'm a pregnant, slut that sleeps around with different men for money which is bullshit since I have only been with one guy and no one since then due to men being abusive.I have tried to be friends with a few different guys and things have never gone well. For awhile they are nice to me, but that isn't really their true nature, because eventually they become verbally abusive and aggressive, emotionally manipulative and may even threaten to hurt me to force themselves on me when I am not interested in them in that way. A few guys that i've tried to only be friends with wanted to be more than friends with me when I didn't want that, so then they tried to force themselves on my and groped me when I already told them no. Some of them I met offline after to talking to them for a few months online which was stupid because I don't really know them and things went to far with one guy. He had been pressuring me for months and eventually I gave in and gave him what he wanted which was also stupid, but I thought he would leave me along afterwards but I was wrong, but this happened when I was 23. In reality I have been going to the job centre for 6 years so that's why I have money to look for a job. Everyone's opinion of me is based on the way I look, just because I am a single, white woman, that is overweight and unemployed doesn't mean that I am doing anything sordid or that I am pregnant i've always been overweight, I don't know why now all of a sudden that would change anything. I don't understand why anyone thinks that way about me when it isn't true and there is no proof that what they believe is true anyway. I am a shy socially awkward person, I go out my way to avoid interacting with people in person, because they ridicule me due to this bias view they have of me. So they think they know about me before getting to know me if that makes sense. I don't talk to men unless I have to and most of the time I don't even look at people when I go out I stare at my shoes so people won't stare at me because I can't stand it. I feel social anxiety, sometimes being around people makes me feel nervous and paranoid.I fell in love with a guy and he also seemed nice, but eventually he was verbally aggressive and abusive and emotionally manipulative, he wanted me to feel sorry for him, because he is mentally ill. He made me feel bad for saying no, the whole time I knew him he made me feel worthless, so I was mutilating myself a lot at the time.It's not my fault he's mentally ill, but he lied to me about having feeling for me or being in love with me, when I meant it when I said it. He lead me on for 3 months and it was all a lie. He bragged about "keeping his options open" as if to say that I was only as interesting to him as the next girl that he wanted to sleep with. He bragged about sleeping with girls every night and texting other girls while texting me. Once he even said that he wanted to be in a pornographic film, because women would be touching him.The he lied about getting a job in Amsterdam to be in a pornographic film, but "it was just a joke" because that's funny right? The worse thing that he ever said to me that broke my heart is "your boring for not sleeping with me" even though I told him about the problems I have had with men he still pressured me to sleep with him, that is not friendship or love, that's just lust.Otherwise he claimed to have a broken heart because he slept with a fucking 18 when he is 27! This is disgusting and he kept rubbing it in my face showing off, and expected me to feel sorry for him?The whole thing was on-sided and the only reason he probably spoke to me is because all he wanted was a one night stand, so he could have saved me a whole lot of heartache and pain if he was just simply honest with me, then I wouldn't have bothered. I haven't ever had a boyfriend but I have been intimate with one person, so I don't see how that makes me a slut, plus i'm not pregnant nor do I want to be I protect myself because i'm not stupid. I don't get involved with men, due to being molested or men being abusive. I have trust issues due to being bullied for so long, since I still have to put up with in online and in real life for no apparent reason. I have intimacy issues due to being molested, it makes me feel uncomfortable and anxious.  I still feel depressed, lonely, suicidal and frustrated and I don't have any friends since the small group of people I was friends with at school. I am not perfect and I have a lot of problems, but I always liked  being unique or different from other people to make my own choices rather than being pressured to do something that I don't want to do. Perhaps now people will understand why some people are very quiet and don't speak to anyone, they keep to themselves to avoid confrontation just because they have a problem with them for no apparent reason....
Here is a song that is about anti-bullying. Be sure to subscribe for more <3https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNYSVFBR3sI
http://mmelodylin.blogspot.com/2015/06/call-me-ugly-call-me-your-worse.html



Hello I need help a bully is my school is sending me treats on face book I am calling on the group anonymous to hack his face book 


..."Having a zero tolerance for fighting in the school system will lead to a decrease in school altercations. There is no doubt about it. Nowadays, there must be a “zero tolerance” system in place out of school as well. Especially within the last 15 years, “schoolyard bullying” doesn’t cover the full spectrum of what a child being picked on goes through. Unfortunately bullying isn’t confined to just the playground anymore. What a “zero tolerance” school rule fails to address, however, is the verbal and cyber-bullying your children may have to endure for months; possibly even years.  The damage of verbal and cyber-bullying is often worse than that of physical bullying"What do you guys think? How do we establish a "zero tolerance" for bullying outside of the school system. Personally, I see the benefits martial arts training has to give kids the confidence necessary to defend themselves against bullying. I wrote a blog on it here: "http://rwmma.com/martial-arts-training-the-right-way-to-defend-yourself-against-verbal-and-physical-bullying/ The blog outlines more of my thoughts on the matter. Do you think that teaching the martial arts is the best way to create a "zero tolerance" outside of school? Or at least give children confidence to defend themselves? 

http://mobile.abs-cbnnews.com/entertainment/05/28/15/watch-vice-ganda-reveals-true-beauty-air/
What's up guys? Before we begin, I’m really sorry about the length but I really didn’t want to miss any important details and I’m also sorry about spelling and grammar but English was never my best subject. I know a lot of you out there are probably suffering from serious abuse form your older brothers/sisters and I know how traumatizing that kind of thing can be. I also know how most adults don't realize how much of a lasting affect older sibling abuse can have on your life. Well, I, like many of you, suffered some pretty serious mental and physical abuse from my brothers from the ages of 3 - 15. I was the youngest in my family with 3 older brothers and I was also the only fat person in my entire family. On top of this my parents got divorced when I was like 4, my dad was pretty absent the whole time, and my mother was a raging alcoholic who genuinely didn’t want to be bothered by our problems for the most part (basically, if I went and told her my brother was beating the fuck out of me, she would take the TV out of my room or something ridiculous like that for disturbing her). I was also getting bullied constantly at school, but that’s a whole-nother story in and of itself. Clearly, my childhood was not particularly enjoyable (if you look at any pictures of me from 3-15, I look like I’m about to shoot myself in every single one. May post some later if they’re in popular demand).The only one of my brothers who would usually mess with me is the one right above me (about 3 years older than me). This dude used to do some pretty fucked up shit to me. Aside from the constant ass beatings EVERY SINGLE DAY OF MY LIFE, there was the constant mental abuse, telling me from the young age of three that my parents hated me and that my mom really wished she would have aborted me and that the whole family hated me and all I’d ever be is a fat piece of shit and all of this other bull shit... You guys know how it goes with god damned siblings. I remember one time when I was three, I was sitting in my living room drinking some chocolate milk, happy as a fucking clam when he walks in and says, “You like that chocolate milk? Because one day there’s not going to be anymore chocolate milk. There won’t anymore mom, any more hid and seek, and more anything because you’re going to be rotting in a fucking hole in the ground. You’re going to be dead. Nothing but blackness for the rest of eternity.” That was basically my first memory, and I remember that being the beginning of the depression I had stick with me for the next roughly 12 years of my life. Well obviously, all of this did a serious number on my self-confidence and social skills. I became a SERIOUS introvert and just assumed everyone hated me. I started smoking weed the summer between 6th and 7th grade, and until I was 15 my life pretty much consisted of smoking weed, isolation, bullying and self-hatred.Finally after all the years of bulling about the fat thing, when I was 14 and in my freshmen year of high school, I decided to start working out. I lost a shit load of weight and put on a good bit of muscle but I was still terrified of my brother and had no self-confidence. I then turned 15, and one day for shits and gigs, he and I decided to have an arm wrestling competition (worst decision of his entire life). I won... I fucking beat him... This kind of awoken something inside of me. Maybe he's not so big and bad after all... Well about three days later, he and I get into an argument over him accusing me of owing him like $3 or something ridiculous like that that I actually didn't owe him (he had a drug problem so this kind of thing would happen often). When I tell him I'm not going to pay him, he goes into his car and comes out with a baseball bat threatening to bash my brains in. Well, something came over me… I’m not exactly sure what it was but something inside of me told me that he didn’t have the balls to swing that baseball bat at me. I screamed something along the lines of, *if you’re going to hit me then do it you fucking pussy* and he just gave me a light tap on the shoulder with it. This tap lit some kind of fucking fire inside of me and I charged at him like a fucking bull. He dropped the bat and took off running up the stairs and ran into one of my others brother’s rooms, locking the door behind him.(My other brother’s room had two doors). I try to open the one he entered and upon realizing it was locked I took a few steps back and proceeded to ram into it with everything I had while screaming at the top of my lungs out of rage. The second or third time I rammed into it everything went into slow motion and the door flew open. Through the little wood particles in the air from the door frame practically exploding, I could see my brother by the other door to the room with the most terrified look I’ve ever seen on his face. A look one could compare to a petite, white porn star who had just decided to diversify her career and was staring into the face of her first 14 inch black cock in shear horror. I then darted at him, grunting and spitting and screaming things along the lines of, "You better run boy!" in my best Deliverance accent. He then sprints out of the other door and down the stairs and I somehow managed to lose him for a second. I walk outside onto the front porch and see him standing next to his car with a cell phone in his hand. It was mine, apparently it had fallen out of my pocket at some point in this madness and he managed to snatch it up. He said, “take this you little bitch” and smashed my phone onto the pavement, then hurries up and drives off like a fucking coward. I didn’t even care about the phone. I was over joyed… He was afraid of me. This guy, that had beat the shit out of me my entire life was actually **afraid of me**.Immediately after this I go to a friend’s house for the night and try to get my mind off of all of this. The next morning I got home around 8 am to see this idiot’s car in the driveway. He was actually stupid enough to just come home and go to bed in his room, thinking that I wouldn’t retaliate. My heart starts slamming as my body is pumped full of enough adrenaline to nearly give me a fucking heart attack. This is it, this is my big fucking chance… Pay back for 15 fucking years….. THIS IS IT. I light up a cigarette and try to devise my plan of attack (I’ve been chain smoking since I was 11, terrible I know) and after about 20 seconds I know what I’m going to do. My entire body is shaking completely uncontrollably from all of this adrenaline… This was literally the most important moment of my entire life, I shit you not. I go into my kitchen and grab the largest, metal, popcorn bowl that I can find and fill it to the top with ice cubes. I then quietly creep up the stairs and slowly open the door to his room… The piece of shit is sleeping like a baby. I then proceed to dump the bowl of ice onto his face and jump on top of him putting my knees on his arms to pin him down like he always did to me and began to whale on his face like a fucking mad man. I was screaming ridiculous, adrenaline fueled in audible things which I can imagine sounded like I was speaking in tongues only adding to his fright. He managed to get loose and tried to run away. He ran downstairs and to the front door of the house and when he tried to open it to get outside it slowed him down too much and I caught him in the threshold of the door. I got on top of him and began to punch him in the face again, continuously. My mom and her boyfriend ran up to see what was going on and it just so happened that at that time my other two older brothers and about 5 of their friends walked up to the house after a night of being out. They all crowded around us, everyone but my mother kind of giggling under their breath because they knew how long this had been coming.Finally, after my mom demanded someone put a stop to this, someone pulled me off of him at which point I realized that he was crying his fucking eyes out. I mean he was 18 years old and he was BALLING LIKE A FUCKING INFANT AND INFRONT OF EVERYONE. **THIS WAS THE MOST GRATIFYING MOMENT OF MY ENTIRE LIFE.** He mumbled something along the lines of “fuck you” through his tears and he stumbled to get back inside and I broke free of the arms of the guy that was holding me back and stuck him in the back of the head one last time.I did it. I physically conquered my fears. I physically overcame my demons. At this moment, everything that was wrong in my world became right. After that he never fucked with me again. About two days later he moved in with my dad and I didn’t speak to him for about 8 months. During that 8 months my life became amazing. I got in the best shape of my life. I switched schools to somewhere where no one bullied me anymore and I got an awesome group of friends I met this amazing girl who I ended up dating for just over a year (prior to this shit I never could have even almost imagined having a girlfriend and this girl was not only really cool but like a perfect 10 physically). I even quit smoking weed because I didn’t need it to escape reality anymore because I began to love my reality. I became truly happy for the first time in my life… Jesus, I even started making good grades.My advice to you guys is if you work hard enough, you can conquer whatever the fuck it is that’s holding you back in life and trust me, the grass is certainly greener on the other side… Best of luck my friends. Tomorrow is the first day of the rest of your life.
If you are from Canada, and either had kids or grew up there in the past fifteen or so years, you may have encountered the WITS Program.You may have even run into them online, or ordered books from them to homeschool your kids with their free lesson plans.[witsprogram.ca](http://www.witsprogram.ca/)WITS is an anti-bullying program designed to teach preventative values to kids in grades K-6. It promotes skills to reduce conflict, think critically and creatively as well as seek help.It's also free.However to stay that way in the province of British Columbia it needs support and funding from the provincial government. Currently they are evaluating which programs to fund, and programs to cut.If you've had experiences with the WITS Program you want to share with the BC provincial government, please do so.We need all the help we can get to support WITS and their commitment to reducing bullying and peer victimization[Click here to contact the BC provincial government](https://www.leg.bc.ca/cmt/cay/submission.asp)
There was this one kid who had to have a teacher follow him around all day. He switched into my elementary school during the summer between my second and third grade year. I had heard classmates say that it was because he would unpredictably become too violent and needed a teacher to keep him from hurting others. Or that he would trick other students into doing bad things, or do the dirty deeds himself, such as stealing sports equipment from others at recess. One time I walked in on him him using a urinal with his pants down to his ankles in the public bathroom. Either he didn’t know how to use the bathroom properly or did not care enough to do so, both options resulting in him being a person to be avoided. He went to a separate class with more teachers and less students.What was he doing in our school?As middle school came around, I was upset to see that he had also been assigned a part in the play. There’s no way I’d want to be seen near that kid. Not only was he mentally retarded, but he was overweight at this point as well. He still had a teacher follow him around, but I still hadn’t found out the reason why. Luckily, she typically had her nose buried in her smartphone, and without supervision, we were often in a position of control. He would do whatever you told him to do; his actions were as limitless as we were clever. We would convince him to do whatever public humiliation we could imagine, from slapping random girls on the ass to flicking off our director. And the best part was, he’d do it with a smile on his face, seemingly unrepentant for his actions.What did he think he was doing?In high school, he would come to my lunch table and do ridiculous stunts to get attention in the form of laughter. We egged him on whenever he told us something that would seem embarrassing to any normal person, but to him, he seemed to enjoy exposing his dirty laundry, as laughs of criticism are better than no laughs at all. He even developed a crush on a girl at our table, going so far as to buy her some expensive jewelry to try and see if she had reciprocated feelings. She was so embarrassed that she skipped school when she heard it would happen. But the kid was insistent that if he could not give it to her, someone else should. He asked for our help. Blank stares traveled from one side of the table to the other, as he searched for an accomplice for his latest crime. Pair by pair, our hands remained resting on the table, as nobody raised their hand to volunteer.Why would he ask us to do that?A few years later, I attended an award ceremony as more of a formality than anything else. I hadn’t noticed his attendance until his name was called on the intercom. As I watched him walk up, I thought about how never in a hundred years would I think he and I would share a stage receiving awards of a similar caliber. I began to reflect on our all of our past experiences together, as I had essentially watched him grow from a child in grade school to a young adult, but when I saw him, I could still see him as the kid who dropped his jeans to the ground in third grade.After the awards ceremony, there were refreshments of generic sodas and punch. While talking to a few of my friends, he approached me and congratulated me on my Honor’s Award of Physics. He still had a smile plastered across his face – the same smile he had when he performed for us at the play or at our lunch table. He shook my hand proudly. He kept no record of my wrongs. He was never selfish or angry, just misrepresented. He tried to show love when he could, in whatever way he thought would work, whether it was giving jewelry to a girl out of his league, or blindly following our orders. He genuinely congratulated me and let go of my hand. I then continued my aimless banter with my peers and parents.Was I the one with the real mental issue?So this is the factual accounts of a few mentally ill people I've encountered from my time in elementary school to my senior year of high school. The main kid that this refers turns out to have Asperger's and a condition where he can never tell when he's full, so if left alone with an unlimited amount of food, he will literally eat himself to death, thus requiring a teacher to follow him around. It took me so much longer to realize how unforgivable my actions were, and the worst part is I can't apologize because he never knew I had ever wronged him. Not once did I ever look at his situation with true compassion. Looking back, I can tell I did it all because I wasn't happy with myself. I was displacing all of my shortcomings on another helpless human being. I'm so sorry Matt.






I'm almost twenty now and still affected by what my classmates considered as 'jokes' 6 years ago. I didn't get slapped or pushed in school lockers and I didn't have juice poured over my head (I went to a good school with a good reputation), BUT I was the butt of so many jokes that some have stuck with me. Not the jokes themselves, but the need to tread carefully, to check my appearance and the irrational shame when what I say is found 'wrong' or 'ridiculous' by my peers. Children are cruel. Children often do not see the bigger picture. They laugh and ridicule when something is different from what they already know. I hold the hope that growing up means getting to know more, to understand more. I surely see how some of my teenager views were flawed. Now I understand that I was considered as 'less' in the eyes of my classmates because of my not-so-pleasant appearance. They didn't respect me because my features aren't what the majority regards as beautiful. It didn't matter how well I was studying or what I was saying. They made jokes and laughed at my expense and whatever retort I had ready, they'd twist my words and laugh harder. At times it got so bad that I dreaded going to school the next day. They laughed at my clothes, took pleasure in witnessing my clumsy moments and gave me horrible nicknames. For some months I sat in class next to a boy with whom I quickly became friends. One time, when he and some girls were taking pictures, a classmate grabbed me forcefully from where I sat and pushed me in front of that boy and on my knees, so that my face was level with his crotch, to seem that I was giving him a blowjob. I managed to get away in time. I was humiliated, but nobody, not even my friends, ever said or did anything to help me. It's funny how late I realized that they considered me ugly, that I am ugly. On one memorable occasion, a classmate laughed in my face, saying "You aren't THAT beautiful, you know?", meaning that I was not pretty enough to...what? Be their equal?It worries me that it still hurts. I like to think that I moved on, that now I'm a level headed young woman who can get past the pettiness of people I haven't seen in years. Parents, please, please, talk to your children. Teach them that nobody can change their appearance, that they aren't worth less if they don't look 'pretty', that making cruel jokes can hurt. Believe me, most times your child won't come to you with this type of problem. Ask and listen! Try to understand how important respect and popularity are to teenagers. It's irrational for you, but for children it's all there is.It still affects me, to this day. Maybe your child, your sister/brother, your cousin, you friend is in the same situation. Don't brush it off as 'immature jokes' and don't tell them to 'just ignore it and get over it', because it's never that easy.







My son has told us some interesting stories about a turn of events that have happened at his school. There is one teacher in particular just appears to be an adult bully. She always has smart comments towards my son. He is not perfect by any means, but he is not one who wants to get in trouble for anything. He completes his assignments, on the honor roll, but yet they love to talk about him because he moves a bit slower than most. I try to tell him it is imperative for him to speed up, but it is in his nature to be a little slower. Well yesterday he informs us that during their Field Day, he was told to go to the office to get papers. He went to the office and got the papers, but came back short of the number of papers she needed. Please keep in mind she didn't have him to count them, but he brought some back. Well when he returns she throws the papers down and yells, "I know I should have asked someone other than you to do it". It was very embarrassing for him and I believe rude. He tries so hard to be liked, but to me this behavior is unacceptable for a teacher. In addition to that event, the other week he had to go to the bathroom. Please keep in mind, he is in 3rd grade. Well when he comes out once again she embarrasses him and yells at him, "using the bathroom should not take 20 minutes"! Well the last time I checked, sometimes when you have to go, the timeframe may vary. If you have eaten something that has bothered your stomach, it may just take a little longer than another time. But why is it that she has to be so forceful. I don't want to go to the school and complain, mainly because it is the end of the school year and he has testing and honestly I don't want anyone to treat him differently, but this has got to go! I have heard more about this teacher than anyone else at the school. She is rude and just shouldn't be teaching if everything and everyone gets on her nerves! Any advice would be helpful!!





To start with, my sister migrated to the United States and has been here for more than a year. She is in 3rd grade and this has been happening for some time now, although I just dismissed it. Her assailant is, like I said, her male classmate. She told me that while she was in class, this kid was teasing her (poking her, calling her names, saying she doesn't have a family, etc.) and mainly being obnoxious to her and I need advise to give to her.Moving on from the bully, she also told me (though I don't know if this is true or not) that her teacher also had hit her. When she tried to tell the teacher that she was being bullied in class, he told her to return back to her seat and that during that time, she was hit. Again I don't know if this is true, but I would appreciate any help available. I was thinking of getting a type of hidden camera to record what is going on inside her school, but I don't know what type I want.

Stop Saying Sorry - Dr Karen Phillip
What is the purpose of the project?Many children are reluctant to report cyberbullying incidents to adults. It is important to get as much information as possible from adults to identify what behaviours they view as cyberbullying and how severe they view particular incidents. It is also important to find out what would encourage children to reporting cyberbullying.Why have I been asked to take part?You have been selected because you are either a teacher or parent of a female who is in Grade 5 or Grade 6 or Year 7 or 8. This age group uses mobile phones regularly, therefore it is important to get your thoughts.What will I have to do?You will be shown six cyberbullying animations online and asked to answer some questions about each animation. Some of the animations may be uncomfortable for you to watch. If at any time, you feel uncomfortable you can stop the online questionnaire. The questionnaire is anonymous and asks only for opinions, it does not ask about any personal experiences. There are no wrong answers, your opinion counts. The questionnaire will take approximately 10 minutes.Will anyone know what I said?No, all data is anonymous. You will not be asked for your name or any other identifiable information. How can I withdraw from the study?At any time during the online questionnaire you can stop and leave the website and your data will not be saved. You can withdraw your data from the study up to a month after you have taken part by contacting the researcher with your participant code and I will remove your data.https://nupsych.az1.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_5vbWVwsdC7HdZZP
I remember in 2 grade, I met a girl, lets just say her name was Ayesha. Ayesha was from Manilla with black hair and tan skin. She seemed very nice, but the boys she hung out with were dirty, I had nothing to do with them. There was also someone else, lets say her name is Aisla. Aisla is Canadian with hazel eyes tan skin and grayish brown hair. She is obsessed with animal jam and spends 7 hours a day on it scamming people. Well we had a triangle love. Not like lo e but friendship. One person was always un satisfied. Mostly Ayesha. Well Ayesha would mostly physco call when she and me fought. Once she cyber bullied my mom,.. Yeah.. In grade 4 Ayesha and Aisla turned on me. They bullied me, blackmailed me, and manipulated me. Aisle hacked me on animal jam. I lost everything I loved.. They stole my friends. Showed 1/4 of the school a video of me licking a mirror. If it wasn't for my Chinese friend aka my BFF, lets say her name is Joan and my 2 Pakistani/British friends Ayelia and Ashna. The madness would have went on. Ayesha even called Ashna a fatass. I finally told the counselor and it all stopped we aren't friends and I hope we never be
First off let me say I'm sorry if this is happening to you. I was picked on and bullied lots in school when at that time we were told to suck it up its a part of growing up.. B.S.... Anyway if at all possible get away as soon as you can, but I found myself in a spot where retreate was impossible. That's why I'm writing this.  By no means am I condoning violence but, almost always there is one main aggressor and their cronies. Pick out the aggressor and only pay attention to them. Look them right in the eyes and say "I know I'm going to lose and get hurt here by these people, but while that is happening I will drag you down with me and do any and everything I can to inflict as much permanent pain on you as I can. I may bite, rip or pull parts of you off, I don't know but I do know you will hold the scars of this day for the rest of your life". I know it's been done in movies ect, but in real life this worked for me. I don't always say it will so be careful, but I had no other option and was betting a bunch of high school kids would risk a fight where I'm known to have "problems" and threaten that level of violence. TL;DR Scare and disturb the main aggressor and chances you will shake them up to not make the first move and his buddies won't either as they are only there for being a pussy reasons.
I have a theory that bullying is not some kind of unusual thing but a basic human behavior. It happens because as humans we form social hierarchies. Three instincts developed which support the existence of hierarchies. One is the instinct to socially compete. Second is the instinct to suppress others once you gain a high social position. The third instinct is not one thing but many. If you fall down the social hierarchy many bad things start happening, all designs of nature to keep you on the low side of social status. Your brain becomes more excitable. You have an easily triggered fight-or-flight response. Confidence lowers. Also you feel more self-doubt, guilt and shame. These adaptations are all brain based.If you would like to read more I am working on a book. You can read it at www.whyamibullied.com



Hey guys, my name's Matt and to get things started I'll share a little story about how bullying has effected my community.So I'm from Ontario, Canada and I live in a town north of Toronto. Just as in any other North American town as many of you are fully aware, bullying is a constant issue, specifically in schools. There are 4 highschools in my town and in the past 2 years, 2 students from two of these schools have comitted suicide due to bullying. This has seriously effected the lives of everyone, especially the family and friends of those two students.Now I have been a personal victim of bullying and while I cannot even possibly fathom the pain of which those two families are suffering from, I can in some way relate to their experiences and what those kids would have experienced. Feeling like you have no one to go to or that nobody around you even cares. It deeply saddens me that they found suicide as their only option but in their memory I would like to use this subreddit as a way of making any difference I can now so that hopefully...hopefully...something as terrible as this will never happen again. Thanks and sorry for the long post.




I don't know if people are aware of this but the police sometimes target a kid for repeated harassment if for some reason they just decide they don't like a particular kid. This is a form of group-bullying. But this can happen to adults too. Especially homeless people. Police harassment is bullying. If anyone has been targeted for repeated harassment by the police feel free to share your story below and feel free to share how it has affected you.



Hello people of r/bullying,Although I have never posted here before, I beseech you for help. I am a student at California State University of Chico, and am in a group communications class. For our project we are to do 3 presentations on a tech controversy. We as a group named ourselves "The Cyber Project" as a play on the idea that most social media start off as (Name) Project, and it is on cyberspace; and have taken on the challenge on cyberbullying.For our first 2 parts we had to introduce the topic and the problems/history of the issue.Part 1: Introduced ourselves, and why we chose cyber bullying as a topic. We stated that suicide hotlines had increased number of pre-teens during 2012, and statistics caught our attention.For part 2: We discussed the underlying arguments. I, Chris, discussed the history of online communities, and how early negative aspects manifested. With the internet being as a "consensual hallucination" of an area of positivity and ideas (quoted from a Ph.D in Canada). I talked about AOL, and that the first instances of direct cyberbullying can be traced back to forum threads discussing "Worst hookup" or "hottest girl on campus). My group members discussed statistics, who it affects, and brought up the debate which presentation 3 discusses: Users vs. Creators. We take a stance that society promotes bullying and users abuse anonymity. Parents cannot help but blame other parents, or demand creators take responsibility for their child's harm.Now, this is where part 3 comes in. We are to take a civic action in an attempt to raise awareness of these intricacies. Unfortunately, I was unable to attend a group meeting on Tuesday, and thus the group defaulted to merely a Facebook group. Our group this semester has set up high standards for our professor and I feel as if a Facebook page is lazy. Yet, I know it can be done right.I would like to ask people of reddit to help out with suggestions on alternatives that can be done by Sunday, a civic action, which can promote awareness but possibly stand out. Or at least, the people of this subreddit can merely like our page and discussing on there for a weekend (we are in no ways fishing for likes), or perhaps give advice on how to improve on it.This our facebook page https://www.facebook.com/CyberProject123?fref=tsPlease, any suggestions on what to do is appreciated. We are actually very passionate about the topic, and I have learned quite a lot from it. Cyberbullying goes deeper than what people think, and is a difficult thing to tackle. I know the people of reddit agree with me, and can be our only hope.Thank you,-Chris Ng, CSU Chico student



Check this new solution to Twitter trolls: http://mjolnir.social



Dear bullies,Please stop making fun of people who are different than you. Please stop laughing, rolling your eyes and whispering under your breath about people who do and say and wear things you never would. I understand that there might be more happening to you at home than anyone will ever know or realize; things that might be damaging you spiritually and mentally. I also understand that YOU probably don’t understand how dramatically these things have affected you or how truly unhappy and insecure you’ve become because of them. Your ego and over confidence are façades and they are currently what gets you through the days but underneath it, deep in your soul, you’re scared and unsure of who you are, how you’re perceived and you’re terrified to express your true self. I know this isn’t the case with every one of you bullies. Yes, your behavior is always rooted in insecurity and fear as well but your home lives aren’t always deprived or filled with abuse. Some of you come from loving and nurturing places and you are just the product of a juvenile who’s yet to search and find your inner beauty and that voice within you that whispers “it’s ok, be yourself, walk in the world just as you’ve been created because you are innately good and beautiful and man are you cool” hasn’t come out yet. Maybe you haven’t been told that enough. Maybe YOU HAVE NEVER been told that you are wonderful and exactly how you should be and GOOD. When you notice someone else who ISN’T afraid to freely express themselves in a way you never would it’s obvious that YOU REALLY DO believe they’re weird, stupid and annoying. You also really do believe that everyone else needs to know that and this is why you talk about them behind their backs and more often than not, you tell them directly to their faces. It’s very important to you to make sure everyone around you knows how you feel about them. I wonder if you understand the psychology behind talking badly about other people? Did you know you are trying to appear better than everyone else by doing this and that you actually believe that to be true?  This may be all you know and this may be largely the only way you know how to bond with others, it’s ok maybe nobody’s told you. But now that YOU HAVE BEEN told maybe you could try and change. MAYBE because you have a new awareness you could be mean to one or two less people today because I guarantee YOU DON’T REALLY KNOW how dramatically you’re affecting the kids you bully. YOU DON’T REALLY KNOW how most times they go home and wish they never had to leave their room again. You don’t see the painstaking efforts they make to avoid you. You don’t know the feeling of complete dread and despair they feel at just the sight or thought of you or what you might say or do to make them feel stupid that day. There are so many ways your bullying has damaged them. Did you know they might be having health issues directly related to the abuse they endure from you? Don’t think it’s that big of a deal??? Not your problem?? Or who cares? Well ultimately, it’s your call, nobody’s gonna make you care or think it’s a big deal…but it’s my biggest hope that YOU WILL think it’s a big deal and you will start to care and you will start to change. And parents PLEASE teach your children that love and tolerance of others AS THEY ARE has to be our aim. JUST LOVE. 

She has been bullied her whole life, and it breaks my heart because she's a sweet and quiet person.She's in her first year of college and all was going well until some of her residence mates decided she was their target. They've started by stealing her kitchenware and making noise so she couldn't sleep, and now they're stealing her clothes. And making fun of her, the usual stuff, I guess.They are adults and I feel like calling their moms.I didn't get bullied in school (which is very surprising, considering I wore hexagonal eyeglasses) and I don't know what to do or what to tell my little sister. I'm feeling inspired and making so many revenge plans in my head, but that's probably not the best way to go.


I am 15 and take the dick like a champ. I talk about it because I am extremely proud and unashamed of sex. When I do, I get bullied and shamed which is rude.My boyfriend is 17 so they use that to shame me a lot. They always say he's using me and it's just lust, etc. Which is actually really funny bc we're besties for life and we've been together for a year and a half and have literally never fought.Every time I say a single thing about sex, someone has to come in crying "omg like you are so trashy you should never ever ever talk about sex omg omg what a slut." I am sorry, but I don't think you should be required to keep something so natural such a huge secret. Sex is a passion of mine and I am going to talk about it. Oops.Also, if you shame me you have a much worse character than me so you might just want to shut the fuck up. My parents are okay with me having sex. I've taken all the proper precautions. I love him. I think I have earned the right to talk about fucking my boyfriend as much as I want. 



In the generation teenagers live in nowadays isn't at all what it used to be. People underestimate the power one has over another.     Where being forced into a box by society because people believe in higher powers.. They believe that one isn't eqaul to another. Just because someone is "more equipped" for a situation there greater. Society labels individuals from an outside appearance. Because that's the generation that we live in, they care about what's visible. They never care to see what's  inside the outside appearance. Children are getting bullied because they want people to see what's not always visible to the human eye. So they feel as if there stuck unable to contribute something so beautiful and unique that no one cares to see. They feel as if there traits aren't compatible with society check list. So they stop , because they feel as if the "higher" power has won. They stop caring about those beautiful and unique traits so they think if they can change those traits society will be more excepting. We change ourselves because we're tired of being put into a "box" we're tired of being classified as documents.    I'm tired of getting told the dreams I dream of are too "BIG" for society's standards. That its incompatible for the generation I live in. I'm tired of feeling like a closed case no one what's to re-open.I'm Haven Knott and I DON'T want to be defined by society's checklist.

Ok so this is something I have wondering about recently and wasn't sure what to post it under. Anyway, I've had the same math teacher for 2 years now. I never really like her to begin with, but now I have good reason. I'm starting to wonder if she is lightly bullying me. Some of the things she has told me:"You will never be a straight A student""You only write things on your paper do you can get rid of it quickly" (she was talking about tests and quizzes)"She continues to find reasons not to study and learn""You realize that your tutor can't help you all the time and actually need to see me sometimes too."So, these are things she has told me one on one, in class, or on report card. I actually cried in class after one incident but was able to hide it. Anyway, I'm not sure if this means she's just a mean teacher or what. I was recently told I have some sort of math learning disability and this info was given to her, and yet the last two comments I wrote were after this. She very obviously does not believe i'm paying attention in class. It's getting to the point where I don't want to go school on days I have this class. In conclusion, if anyone has some advice for how to deal with this please most! 
This is a great blog post about bullying. I recommend reading it if you are being bullied, one of your friends is, or your child! Great resources are linked here as well http://inspiringthegirls.com/2015/04/04/ive-never-gotten-tall-making-someone-else-feel-small/

I live on a fairly busy highway. This morning, my dog woke me up having to go outside. My yard isn't fenced in, so I walk her on a leash. I got dressed, headed out with my dog, and was walking her around when some man in a white pick up slowed down- pulling off the road- and started yelling at me. At first I thought it was someone from work (I help out at a library), because he was yelling hey and waving. When he continued, I realized I did not know him. He started making pig call noises. You know- oink, oink, sooie! Then he yelled, "Hey, Miss Piggy! Where's the rest of the Muppets?," before speeding off. 


https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Sc07ob6jLHA
Dr.Kazdin from Yale Parenting Center give talk about stop bullyinghttp://www.parenting-guide-tips-hints.com/tips-and-hints/kazdin-how-to-stop-bullying/

In this video, a young boy tells a girl that he likes her. She starts jumping for joy. You can hear him say, "what the f***," and then, "no, I don't actually like you." Not only did he play this mean prank on her, but he recorded it and posted it to Instagram to share her humiliation with his friends (who were just as mean). http://instagram.com/p/zitFEMSt4C/ I know this isn't as bad as some of stuff you see online, but COME ON! When is this s*** going to end?? That girl was excited because she thought a guy liked her, and she gets humiliated for it! That boy obviously has no sense of respect, and it's probably because it was never taught to him. So parents, teach your kids some damn respect. Do you really want your beloved offspring living in a world where they don't even feel safe going to school? I sure as hell don't. If I caught my kid doing this, there would be some serious consequences. 
So, my 11 year old daughter, a 6th. grader is getting bullied.  This is being done by other girls who used to be her "friends".  To be honest, it doesn't seem to bother her to much.  She is handling it well.  She updates my wife periodically.  Last night, we received a call from her teacher. Apparently an anonymous parent emailed him, informing that a student(who has been bullying her) drew a picture depicting a violent act towards my daughter  My daughter was NOT aware of this.  The parent of the child who drew the picture was notified by the teacher.  Apparently she demanded a meeting(apple does not fall from the tree).  Not sure how she is going to defend her daughter.  Big doings at the school.  My question to parents, how do you deal with this and explain it to your child.  My heart broke last night, my daughter cried herself to sleep.  I appreciate the input/advice.  Thank you.

This is mostly fictional.  I wrote this in college and it helped me cope.  Hopefully you get a laugh out of it.  I was bullied bad and as someone who has came out of it I can tell you that it gets better.  Forgiveness is powerful as it is empowering.      Personal Narrative  The 2nd Grade Uprising of Great Justice         My hair is definitely wet, I’m upside down, and someone is holding me by my ankles.  I can hear the distinct sound of the water swirling past my nose. The giggles echo off the porcelain surface and into my ears.  Dangled upside down I try to put my tiny prepubescent mind to thoughts of Saturday morning cartoons and my mom’s peanut ‘n jelly sandwiches.  This had become a regular occurrence for me, a norm, the status quo, and I was scarily comfortable with the routine.  Little did I know it at the time, but this would be the last swirly that I would ever receive from my resident 2nd grade bully Gabriel.       Gabriel was no mortal seven year old and was more ogre than human.  It was speculated by ancient 2nd grade lore that he was suppose to be in the 5th grade, but teachers held him back because they feared to have him in their class.   I don’t remember most of 1st grade or even the 3rd grade, but I remember the bully vividly.   Gabriel towered over every second grader and was a child-man of few words.  He’d never wear clothing with a design on it, but just a plain black or white t-shirt.  Even in the scorching sun Gabriel donned his LA Lakers puffy jacket every morning and wore it with arrogant pride.  His Reeboks clung with mud, grime, and grass stains from chasing down his helpless victims.  His hair was unkempt, a bowl cut, and his eyebrows were thick, menacing.  Finally his peach fuzz was not normal, it hardened, and I swear to you that this seven year old had a mustache.  Gabriel was a legendary bully of Siphered Elementary School.    Gabriel wasn’t alone as he tormented me throughout 2nd grade.  He had two lackeys and I cannot recall their names.   I think that they were more his friends to protect themselves from his fury and be allowed the occasional bullying by proxy.  It is important to understand the schedule of elementary school in order for this story to be told.   There was a 20 minute recess and an hour long lunch.   I was lucky that I was one of the first kids to be excused to recess and this gave me time enough to use subterfuge and stealth tactics to avoid my bully during recess.  However, the hour long lunch gave Gabriel plenty of time to sniff me out and dish out whatever punishment he would want to give me on that day.  Some days he would choose another kid, some days I would just get it out of the way so I could go play, but the whole school knew that I was Gabriel’s favorite.  I was the unlucky kid that was chosen by the beast and because of that most kids stayed away from me.  Except one, a brave child, a warrior poet, and the great legend of 2nd grade that would lead us against the one they call Gabriel.          I wish that I could take credit for the uprising against the bully of Siphered Elementary, but alas my role in this story is one of salvation.  The hero of this story is named Chris and he would forever save me from the cruelty of my oppressor.  Chris was the class clown, his clothes were pristine plastered with the latest ninja turtle t-shirts, his jackets were the most colorful, and you can bet your sweet bottom they had the most zippers.  He was without cooties, the girls loved him, and the guys wanted to be him.  Chris was cool.  Chris was 80’s cool.       I remember the day.  There was a slight overcast, but the sun was always finding a way to shine through the clouds.  The air was damp and the wind blew across the grass making waves as it flattened the blades against the ground.   It was recess and I was on high alert.  The sandbox that I was hiding in was on a hill.  It gave me the vantage point I needed to avoid Gabriel and gave me time to run if he set a path for me.   I had him spotted near the tether ball courts and was ready to duck down in some of my favorite hiding spots if he saw me.  However, I wasn’t able to see Chris come up behind me and tap me on the shoulder, “This butthead is still bullying you?”  I was shocked that the coolest kid in school was even speaking to me and was only able to give him a stiff nod of recognition.   He squared his shoulders, his eyes set upon Gabriel, and then slowly to mine, “This ends today”, he said grimly as the school bell rang as if he timed it.  Chris was 80’s cool.      History class was set ablaze with note passing.  The news spread like wildfire in the second grade class.   Everyone knew that Chris was on a warpath for Gabriel and the whole of the 2nd grade was behind him.   They were behind me as well!  Notes found my hand sprawled with encouragement such as, “We’re with you!” and “Gabriel is a jerk!”  Gabriel sensed something was amiss and his bully instincts went into overdrive.  He had it down to a science.  Ten minutes before the bell would have ringed for lunch, I would have been the first kid to leave, and I would have had a head start.  I saw my bully raise his hand and ask to go to the bathroom ten minutes before the lunch bell would ring.  This was a veteran tactic he used when he really wanted to get me during lunch time.   Gabriel wouldn’t return to class, nor would he use the bathroom, but he’d be waiting for me when the bell rang.               I left the classroom first with my lunch buddy a tiny Asian girl named Tam.  A minute later the next group would be allowed to leave.   Gabriel nabbed me within seconds, his gorilla hands gripped my arm like a vice, and he dragged me to the bathroom.  We’ve done this dance so many times that I knew the drill.  I put my hands on the toilet seat and he flipped me upside down by my ankles.  My head hit the porcelain, my nose filled up with toilet water, and moments later his lackeys entered.  They flushed the toilet and the swirly commenced like it had a dozen times before.  I began to go into my usual trance, that place where I would go to escape the cruelty of 2nd grade, my happy place, but before I had a chance to go to that place I heard it.  “Put him down fart butt.”   Suddenly I was released.  My body twisted and dropped to the ground in shock only to see Chris standing there with five other 2nd grade boys.  His eyes dropped to me and a mythological grin twisted across his face.  The bathroom had two exits and Gabriel made a run for it.   The uprising had begun.      The whole 2nd grade chased after the tyrant.  I mean every single student.  Gabriel’s lackeys turned against him and gave way to the chase.  Even tiny Tam chased after him with a ferocity that I never thought she could muster.  Chris led the chase and I was not far behind.  Gabriel was fast because of his considerable height advantage, but the wet blades of grass caused him to slip.  His face planted into the ground somewhere near the 5th grade playground.   The dog pile that took place shortly their after is still spoken about at Siphered Elementary in quiet hushes and stilled rumors.  2nd grade legend tells that the power that Gabriel possessed was vanquished by that dog pile.  However, in my heart of hearts I felt that he was still my bully and that had to end today.       Tam was the first to roll off the dog pile and one by one each 2nd grader gathered in a circle around Gabriel.  Chris and four other kids had Gabriel pinned down on his stomach.   The elastic band of his underwear was showing and we all knew what had to be done.   I waited patiently as I thought Chris would perform the deed.   Then I noticed something.   All eyes were upon me.  Every boy and every girl was staring at me with stoic eyes.  This task was given to me and only me.   No words had to be said.  We all knew that I was the one who had to perform the killing blow.  I would give Gabriel the ‘Atomic Wedgie.’         Atomic wedgies take years to perfect and most say it requires at least two little brothers of which I had none.  Some ancient 2nd grade lore even says that only certain blood lines can perform it.  If the underwear isn’t sufficiently stretchy it is an impossible task.  The goal of atomic wedgies is to grab the back elastic of someone’s underwear and pull it over their head.  So many things could go wrong!  This was like punching a T-rex in the face.  I stood there for too long thinking about it, “C’mon George”, Chris said to me, “Finish it.”            I swallowed a lump in my throat as I approached my tormenter for the last six months.  I couldn’t just stop here and not after everyone stood up for me.  I had to face my fears.  I had to face my bully.  My hands, trembling, gripped the elastic band of Gabriel’s underwear.  You could cut the tension in the air with a knife.  The only sounds that could be heard were the scuffles and struggles of Gabriel.   The blood in my knuckles rushed outward as I tightened my grip and I took a deep breath.  I have never pulled so hard in my life.  The squeal from Gabriel was like sweet, cherub music.  The underwear came out of his pants as the wedgie commenced, but something was wrong.  I could not reach his head and I began to panic.  Gabriel began to slide across the wet grass and at this rate I wouldn’t be able to put the elastic behind his head. Then it happened, a perfect moment.  I met Gabriel’s eyes and he met mine.  I saw the fear, I saw the shame, but then it changed into something else.  I was too young to understand it at the time, but what swelled in his eyes was empathy.  I dug in my heels, pulled with all my might, and caught the edge of Gabriel’s head with the elastic of his underwear.  I executed the atomic wedgie like the Viking 2nd graders of old.         Cheers from the 2nd grade class boomed across the playground as Gabriel squirmed until his underwear snapped back in place.  The yard duty came running into the large group and we all split up.  No one said a word, not Gabriel, and not even his lackeys.  The yard duty helped my former bully hobble to the nurse’s office.  The hero of our story gave me a steady nod and a confident smirk.  Chris put his arm around me and we walked to the lunch benches.  We ate our snack packs in silence as nothing really had to be said.  No words could ever express my gratitude to that incredible 2nd grader.  I shared my bag of cookies with him and we headed back to class as the bell rang.         Gabriel didn’t come back to school for two days.  His bullying days were over. He was transformed into one of the quiet kids a shadow of his former self.  The evil that was inside him had been vanquished so that something good could possibly fill the void.  Chris and I began a friendship that lasted up until the 5th grade.  His father got a job in New York and he moved away.  I will always count him among one of my best friends.  I know wherever he is that place is blessed to have his courage and 80’s coolness.  Finally, I know in my heart no child there will ever forget the 2nd Grade Uprising of Great Justice.



Our daughter is in 2nd grade; she's in a regular classroom most of the day but is in the gifted program for an hour a day (thank god). Mid year, a new student entered her regular classroom.  This is the boy's 4th school this year -he was removed from his previous schools but I don't know why.  The boy spends most of his day in a special classroom (I think for remedial academics). Since his 2nd day of school he has been bullying many kids in the class.  What disturbs me most is that around adults he's practically charming.  I help out there a lot and he'll always smile up at me and start conversations.  And then I find out from my daughter that he shoved a boy to the ground and threatened to beat him up if he told (to be fair, the boy told and the bully didn't beat him up, he moved on to someone else).  He has hit and pinched other kids. I found out from other parents that he has threatened some kids that he's going to bring a knife to school and cut their heads off. In each of these cases the teacher, admin, and counsellor were notified but the most they did was a friendly talking to so that they could "educate" the bully that it's not the way to make friends.  Then they spend more time doing damage control with the kids in the class telling  them that they should understand that this bully doesn't know how to make friends and he thinks that's acceptable so it's everyone's job to teach him how to be a good friend. Well maybe in the beginning that's an understandable approach. But he's been here 2 months and the only respite his victims see is when he moves on to a different kid.  I was directly involved a couple weeks ago when he set his sights on my daughter.  She is a quiet kid but very friendly and approachable.  He has spent the last couple weeks trying to threaten her friends (established friendships) away from her, to get her alone, he's threatened her with physical harm when she doesn't do what he wants, he's told her he's going to beat up her friends.  There have been comments like "there's going to be payback and it's going to hurt".  Most disturbing to me, he walked up to me at the school all smiley and told me that he and my daughter were friends now... and then I find out from her that 20 minutes before that he had just been glaring at her punching his fist into his hand and telling her he was going to beat up her friends.  How psychotic does that look? Fortunately nothing physical has happened to my kid, but he has punched, shoved,  and pinched (made a large mark) other kids so it's not out of the realm of possibility. I immediately told the teacher and she seemed very receptive to me (I'm well known around the school).  However this is her first year teaching, and she's been taking orders from the assistant principal who was also new to the school this year. They're also working with the school counsellor, supposedly to teach this kid appropriate behavior.  But dammit, it doesn't seem to be working. We are talking threats of physical violence at age 7 in a school where the worst behavior is usually kids talking over the teacher. All the school seems to want to do is "educate" this kid.  I get it that they're trying to save him from the "dark side", and I feel for him for whatever shitty life hand he got to be exposed to that kind of behavior to have adopted it so young.  But this is taking over how all the other kids feel about school. And then today I went looking through the district student handbook and I think I found the issue.  If a child has a disability and it is "found" that the disability is a contributory factor to their bad behavior, then all discipline stops and it becomes a matter of "education".  But there is absolutely not mention of protecting the other kids who are affected by this. And I'm afraid that's what's happening here.  This kid was in a shitty life situation, he was thus determined to be disabled by it, and he gets immunity because of it. How do we fight this? Is there a way to do it without being obnoxious?  I've been playing it nice for now because one of the teachers has been mentoring me to go into teaching myself when I'm doing being a stay at home mom, and I was hoping to start by signing on as a substitute at this school.  But I'll do what I have to and go on the warpath if my child is in danger. So frustrated. And a final note... I'm especially distrustful of the administration because I only recently found out about some of the threats to other kids.  Apparently several other parents have gone in with the same concerns and were all treated as if their situation was an isolated incident and they shouldn't be upset. Wtf.
I don't know that I have ever told this story in it's total.  I have shared bits and pieces with different people throughout my life, but never all of it at once.  This is probably going to be a text wall and I apologize in advance.  My bullying didn't really start until maybe 7th or 8th grade.  It started with small things, like people whom I thought were my friends no longer wanting me hanging out with them.  They didn't come out and say "stay away from us", but would plan things like camping trips and sleep overs and my invitation would just not come.  I really didn't think about it at the time.  But as we all got older and high school rolled around, the cliques were already formed and I was on the outside of all of them.  The crazy thing about it was that I never did anything to any of them.  All I wanted was to be friends with them.  The common names were tossed around.  Weird, gay, strange, and freak are the one's that stand out.  After high school things got better.  I moved away and married my wife of 13 years.  Reddit is the only form of social media I participate in because I want nothing to do with those people.  I'm a third grade math and science teacher.  I see the same things happening to some of my students that happened to me.  Being a teacher I try and intervene as often as I can.  I encourage anyone that is being bullied to tell someone.  Ask for help.  I know that is easier said than done.  I didn't ask for help and was treated like garbage for so many years.  I am here to listen and to offer advice to anybody that wants it.  Please don't suffer in silence.  You are not alone.

Hi folks, Looking for some insights around cyber bullying with 8-18 year olds. Interested to know what kind of messaging would be powerful to bring attention to this cause and get people to stop participating. 
Hi all.  I have been lurking on this sub for some time now and thought it was time to speak up.  I was bullied/shunned throughout my childhood/teenage years.  You are not alone.  I would love to talk to all of you and share my experiences in the hopes that I can offer some kind advice or just a caring ear to listen.

Hi all, I’m here asking for your help on a script we want to use for research on bullying in middle school/junior high school. I’m a doctoral student in clinical psychology and my lab has been studying the effects of bystander intervention on bullying for the past year. Our research has focused on ways to increase bystander interventions in bullying situations. Previously, we ran a study with middle school/junior high students to examine rates of bystander intervention and if education on bystander intervention would increase those rates. Essentially, we had students participant in what they thought was a group discussion, but first they needed to read through and fill out questionnaires in individual rooms. We had a mock bullying scenario playing over speakers in rooms adjacent to the participant and wanted to see if they would intervene by alerting the researchers to the bullying through a two way communication that had been setup over the computer. Unfortunately we found that hardly any kids intervened and many said that the language just didn’t sound real. I think the biggest issue we faced was that the script was quite timid and was probably not what junior high students would typically say. Therefore, we’ve revised the script and included much harsher language that we think would be typical of a bullying scenario for current junior high students but we would like to get input from others first. &nbsp;Any and all comments/critiques/criticism are welcome! Just some of the things we are looking for: if certain parts sound realistic while others do not, if the names used aren’t typical for this setting, alternative dialogue, alternative names, anything really that might help make this a more believable scenario so we can began to look more closely at how to increase bystander interventions in students.  &nbsp;Thanks for all your help, and if you have questions let me know and I’ll try my best to explain further.&nbsp;Verbal Altercation – Male Script  **Bully**:  Man fuck this!  This shit is boring.  (chair scoot, door opens)  (Bully opens other door – to the room with the fake victim)    **Bully**:  Oh man, look who it is.  My faaavorite loser!  Did yer mom drop you off or did ‘ya walk cause your fat ass couldn’t fit in the car?  **Victim**:  (timidly)  Please stop.  You picked on me before… wasn’t that enough?  **Bully**: Nah I’ll never get enough messin’ with you, just like you’ll never get enough Snickers bars, lard ass.  **Victim**: Whatever, that’s not funny... Leave me alone  **Bully**: I shoulda known you were in here. Dude, I could smell your nasty ass all the way in the next room.  How do your parents even stand to be around you, or do they smell like shit too?  If I were them, I’d make you sleep in the yard… and only eat one meal a day…… although it wouldn’t make a difference even if you got skinny. You’d still be a dumb little fag. It’s no wonder you have no friends, you’re so fucking disgusting no one wants to be around you cause everyone thinks they’ll catch something nasty from you!   **Bully**: Aren’t you gonna say something bitch? (shoves Victim) Come on, say something, stand up for yourself, I dare you! (shoves Victim – noise of shoving/scuffling)   **Victim**: (whimpering) …Don’t push me.  **Bully**:  (laughs) You gonna cry like a little bitch??  Who ya cryin to?  Your mommy’s not here.  No one’s here. And even if people were here no one would help a reject like you. Do us all a favor and die already!  **Victim**: (crying) please just stop  **Bully**:  Oh man, I knew you were a little bitch but this is hilarious! You’re crying like a baby. I didn’t know babies could weigh 400lbs… Your fat ass couldn’t fight back if you tried.  You’re probably just too fat to move.  **Victim**: (crying)  **Bully**: You’re pathetic.  What a waste of my time, I’m done.  Can’t wait to see you at school tomorrow shithead.&nbsp;Edited: formatting
Ok so for anyone who doesn’t know my story, I was bullied for 5 years in three different schools in Venezuela. Every day was filled with a constant flood of insults and mockery, people farting on my face, throwing things at me, spitting at me, and stealing my books to write all over their pages to say the least. I never spoke up, I simply decided to be strong and separate myself from the other students so they could not isolate me without it being my choice in the first place. It’s been a long time since 2009 when I graduated high school and the hell I was living in was over… or so I thought. The aftermath of these years has been pretty obvious in my 20’s. I still live in constant fear of rejection. I live with depression. Every time I go outside I’m scared of people making fun of me. I have a hard time trusting other people and making friends. I have flashbacks and the panic attacks that follow, and somehow I hate myself in the process for wasting the childhood that will never come back. On the flip side, these experiences motivated me to leave my country and make a new life, become someone new and give life a chance. I even changed my name to Lily, because my actual name, Ligia was one that is linked with pain and resentment. The reason why I’m coming clean is because today I had the revelation that my worst fears were not over, that bullying wasn’t over and it might never be. I found a post from 2009 and the same people that bullied me back then are mocking me in 2014. The names of everyone in the 2009 class were written on a table, putting my name on a side without it belonging to any particular section of the class. A picture of it was posted on Facebook that year.These comments belong to May 2014, 5 years later. G: hahaha this picture is fucked upA: hahaha it’s so funny where you wrote Ligia’s name hahahaG: hahaha who wrote it??C: Ligia was like a temporary ad on, everyone knew she was going to abandon the ship eventually hahahaA: who else if not her? hahahahI: I miss this class, I love you allO: hahahaM: :) Bullying needs to stop. People don’t understand the repercussions it brings, it scars you for life. There’s no need to be evil to others, there really isn’t. Please help me spread my story, no one else deserves to be treated like I was.


Ok so I am 5'4 and 165 pounds. And i get constantly picked on for my weight. I don't get it. Heck, some of this I cant control. I am still in school, and no matter what I have or do I am bullied. I have absolutely no idea where I went wrong. I want it to stop. I just want to get done with school. I don't want to harm anyone but I have this anger ness and sadness where I just want to beat them up but at the same time just want to breakdown. I need help, I am desperate.And in fact, there is a girl I like and all this bullying is putting down my hopes of dating this beautiful girl. I feel like I just can't do it. And plus I have a skin condition called Psoriasis and people make fun of me for that. I need some kind of motivation. I really don't want to go back. It just sucks. Please, I need help. I don't even know if this is the right subreddit. Just help me.


Don't just tell me to ignore them because that doesn't work.

My StoryMy name is Thomas and i am 21 years old guy from Finland.I am starting this indiegogo campaign because i have hit a brick wall with my life.I suffer from depression and panic attacks because of 9 years bullying in school.Sadly this sicknes does make me unable to work and i have been so long away from school so i cannot get in one.I have had different experiences in jobs as a trainee (food store,fast food,cleaning) but i was not able to stay there more than weeks.I pretty much have nothing to do daily so gaming would help me to relax and i could try to entertain others as a return + it could help me with recovery because i would be engaging talk with other people.I only want to have decent life  (Is that to much to ask?)I do need 2,500 euros because in Finland parts are stupidly overpriced.With 2,500 euros i will be able to buy pc parts,screen,mouse,keyboards and pc table.I know some campaign offer you amazing gifts but only thing i can afford is a videos of me gaming and possibly even getting better from my sicknesWith these videos i can show you what i have done + you could see your money being spended on the things that you did donate it for.(youtube channel)https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjFa6E59kzTbgJ8ZER92vMw(Twitter) https://twitter.com/Thomas1993LeinoI know many of you are asking "well what if you do not reach this amount of money your asking for" the answer is simple.Even if i do get 500 euros i will spend it on a pc.The ImpactIf i do reach my goal the impact is going to be huge.No longer i do need to be a sleeping and bored out of my brain.I could be happy and entertain others.Risks & ChallengesI do not really see huge risk here.Other Ways You Can HelpI know some people want to help but you cannot afford to do it so dont feel bad it is okey.Just to let you people know that even reading this and spreading this campaign is more that enough !

https://fox.qualtrics.com/jfe/preview/SV_6h4hMGPl5gcKRKZ
Hey guys, this is my first post but i need some help. The story is my friend david meet a guy playing CS:GO and he seemed pretty nice but earlier today david (The guy that needs help) was teaching another another close friend named luke how to play. And then this dude calls him on skype and of coarse he answers but this time the dude instantly starts to make fun of him, calling him names ,and was also racist towords him. He then proceed to make a video and up load it to youtube. As a friend of david i went and flagged the video and so did he and it was taking down. But then the dude had the audacity to re upload a more subtle version. I and my friend are very hurt if you could go dislike the video and flag it for bullying. I and my friend david would be grateful. Thank you! Here is the link to the video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TaMI7MXy5S0




Okay so this is about two friends. For their privacy's sake, I'll name the first one Maria and the second """"""friend"""""" Darla.Today I learned something very interesting about Darla. At breakfast today, Maria came up to me and was like "Angel, I need to talk to you..."I said, "Okay, what's up?"Maria pulled out her phone and showed it to me, "Darla's cheating on her boyfriend."***Before I go any further, let the record show that Darla has had a relationship with a boy online she's never met named Bryan. She's been "dating" him since Christmas Break started, maybe longer.***I was obviously shocked and said, "What?"Maria nodded, "It's true. I've got proof right here. She was using my phone to skype with Dawson." Dawson is Maria's ex-boyfriend."No fucking way," I said, "She didn't.""She did. And what's worse is... she's sexting him." Maria said.Okay, so quick recap: First off, Darla's been talking to boys she's never met online (but hey, look who's talking). Then, she's sexting a random guy she's never met. THEN, she's cheating when she's in a relationship, whether it be online or not. Fucking disgusting.I've had plenty of problems with Darla in the past. She's called me fat (but even if I am overweight, it still hurt me), she's annoyed the living hell out of me for 4 years, she never keeps her dumb mouth shut, she always complains about E V E R Y T H I N G (literally everything. every little thing.), she's a fucking drama queen, she loves making me and my other friends mad (but mostly me), she always says she's going to kill her brother, she's a total hypocrite, she picks on me when I don't understand something, she's a total fucking weeaboo ("LYKE OMG PANCAKES LOL WTF XDDDDDD 0_0") and she acts like she's hot shit all the time. But I dunno, this thing she did... this one thing that she did, it's pushed me to the absolute limit. I've had enough of her.Maria took screenshots of the skype conversation between Darla and Dawson and sent them to Bryan (without Darla knowing). Before you go like "Um, Angel, why is the sexting a major issue to you?" Well for one thing, as stated before, she's in a RELATIONSHIP with someone else. And another thing, she's under 18 years. She's basically distributing kiddie porn to random strangers. THAT'S A FEDERAL OFFENCE. She, Bryan AND Dawson could get in trouble for it. Actually, Maria could get in trouble for it too, since it's all on her phone. But you wanna know what happened anyway?????Well, apparently Bryan completely forgave Darla for cheating on him (but he was also apparently upset about it for a little bit). But that's not all either. DARLA FUCKING CHEATED ON HIM AGAIN. WITH A DIFFERENT GUY THAT NOT EVEN MARIA KNOWS WHO IT IS.And ohhh, it didn't end there. So apparently (according to my friend Cara), Darla has been talking shit about me and Maria to her friend, Sara. Cara said that Darla said I "wrongfully accused her of bullying me". UM I'M PRETTY SURE ALL THE CRAP I SAID SHE DID IN MY LAST JOURNAL COUNTS AS BULLYING IN ONE SHAPE WAY OR FORM??? I'M PRETTY SURE PICKING ON ME BECAUSE OF MY WEIGHT IS BULLYING??? I'M PRETTY SURE MAKING ME FEEL STUPID IS BULLYING??? I'M PRETTY SURE CONTINUING TO BOTHER ME AFTER I TOLD YOU TO LEAVE ME ALONE IS BULLYING (OR AT THE LEAST, HARASSMENT)???ANYWAY, that's not all that happened. At lunch I was telling my trusty friend Maddie (I'm literally just making up names to mask their identity ok) about it and she said that Darla and Tom are talking crap about me too (Tom is an interesting character- he told me he had a dark side named Hector, he told me he felt like he was going mentally insane, he basically stalked me and my friends for half of my freshman year and the beginning of my sophomore year until I finally stood up to him and he left me alone for a little bit...)Anyway, Maddie told me that she sat next to them at breakfast (because even though all the shit that Darla AND Tom did, she doesn't want to hurt their feelings or something and continue to hang out with them sometimes) and listened to their conversation. They were talking shit about me, yadda yadda yadda, and then Maddie told me something that really caught my attention.Apparently, one of them said "Well if Angel thinks we're bullying her, then we should show her what real bullying is."So, they want to bully me now? I mean, Darla was bullying me before, but I never said Tom was! I said he made me uncomfortable, I never said he bullied me at all! Like, what should I do? I can't tell the principal- I went to him about Tom last year. He didn't do shit about it. My parents know, I've tried to get a hold of Darla's parents, I don't know Tom's parents, and I feel completely and utterly lost. I need help.
I don't plan on using the recording. I just want to know that I have it. There is no official ethics of parenting and I have reached a stage of desperation     Backstory My younger brother (just think of him as my son, my son is 18 months younger and I will refer to then as "my kids", "the kids" etc) has been bullied for the past 5 years since kindergarten by the same boy. I was there every day as a volunteer (not an exaggeration) in his kinder class. I witnessed the development of this group of children including the bully. In kindergarten, the teacher expressed to me that the Bully was "scary", she specifically said that he never expressed guilt when he hurt other kids and she thought he liked it.Time passes and there are on and off problems with Bully. At one point I run into a boy crying outside the bathroom during a school performance. The Bully had just left where he was and I asked him directly if the Bully had hurt him. He cried and said the boy always picks on him. The poor kid was so broken. I walked him to the stage and crouched down with him so that he could participate in the performance. He wouldn't go alone.After that my son began camp fire. My son is two grades below and more popular. The bully took him in, he was nice to my son. I expressed concern and told my son not to be led into anything by the boy. He seemed defensive. My brother is being targeted by the boy, and my son enveloped.Around the same time YMCA basketball began. To my horror, the bully's dad was coaching a team, and I don't remember if my brother was supposed to be on it or what the circumstance was... But I decided to nip the whole thing before it started. So, I tell him that his son is a bully, that he has bullied my brother since kindergarten and that I will not allow it in after school activities. I say, whatever has to happen, they cannot destroy my child. I cry. Within a few minutes the school principal is there, patting him on the back. Nothing is ever said to me, or my brother about it. I may have failed to mention that they are a prominent and well "established" family.Currently For the past few weeks my brother has been doing cross-walk guard with the Bully. At first he reassured me that everything was fine. Then he started getting really pissy. He was angry every day after school. Something wasn't right.I pressed him for information, and he is a closed up kid. It's humiliating to him. But he said that the Bully was teasing him, making cross-walk miserable for him. The boy was pitting the other kids against him. The way that this boy goes about things, he will wear other kids down until they snap. When they lash out at him he can get them in trouble. Because my brother had ADHD he is an easy target.Today after school my boys were having a friend over. When I picked them up it was the three of mine and the bully. I saw my brother swing his coat at the bully, his face was red. I heard another kid say "Bully stop!" in a deflated tone to reassure the bully that they didn't really mean it and they didn't need to be next.So I decided to sit the kids down for a chat when we got home. That I recorded. And it was so so so fucking sad. The boy we had over said we should just ignore the Bully. He said that's what works best, he knows because he has been getting picked on by him since kindergarten. And he has, I remember. My son confessed that in campfire the boy would pretend to be reading a book but instead be saying descriptive ways that he would come over and kill my brother. To me it seemed like he was hoping that my son would laugh at the idea of his uncle dying...I am a moderatley horrible person, this I am ok with. So, I am keeping the recording. And we will go to the school and talk to the teacher. We will talk to the principal. And I know that they are all friends with the bully's family. But I have at least one recording. So far.(Edited because I formatted it like an insane person)
I just had this epiphany and wanted to share with you.I guess we install a sense of shame in our kids, as part of their education with our best intentions in mind.But when they go to the outside world that guilty punishment gets abused, ending in kids being bullied. 
I have been bullied recently for lying to someone. What should I do? Do I deserve it?


Hi so first i want to say sorry for my english.So there is this guy who bullied me in school time time but every time he started to bully me i fighted him and he stopped for a time and then he stared again and we fighted again but his  bullying were all just insults,teasing and stuff he would never hit me first. But now after time has passed im now in middle school and he is in different school than me and every time i go out with friends and i (rarely) meet him he always teases me about something and i always respond with some clever insult but he never stops the teasing when i meet him like one time a month but now i cant fight him because at 16 it could end up badly and i dont want to have a problem with law at age 16 and i dont feel like punching someone just because of one teasing sentence .So im asking if i should just ignore him or is this something that has to be dealth with.sry for english again ..











I'm a writer for a website that focuses on children's mental health, and I'm working on a piece about kids who bully. I'm hoping to find some parents who can share tips on dealing with a child that is exhibiting social aggression toward his or her peers. If you have any relevant advice, please share!
Girlfriend is the subject of anonymous messages to her FB. We need to find out who it is. We are both mid 20s and have a healthy relationship but this is putting a huge strain on it. The messages range from subtle implications to downright slander and lies. We suspect one person. A mutual friend. I dont want to accuse someone without more than what my gut tells me. I cannot accuse this person as they have had a history of mental health issues and if I was wrongly accusing.......well it would have a bad effect. If it is this person, they will be confronted in a sensitive way, not out looking for revenge. So reddit.......how do I find this out. I am not in anyway savvy with computers. I cannot "hack". Can any body give me any recommendations for me to get proof? Personal Messages are welcome. So far I have called the cops and asked if they can do anything. Heartbreakingly they say they could do it in a second but it needs to be threatening. 



As a fully grown adult now at age 21, bullying has shaped me, my personality, and the way my life choices have been made. This is my true story.I cannot say with confidence there is a period of time in school more than a week or so that being if it was elementary, middle or high school that I didn't experience some sort of bullying or abuse from my peers. It literally started when I was in first grade and continued all the way to college and even stuck with me a tiny bit in college. I have a very high voice. As a male, its not a masculine voice, and I have really tiny hands (most girls have the same size hands as me, or bigger) and I attribute this to me being born very premature (6+ weeks). I'm also relatively short 5ft 8in. this has always been something that people started to pick on me for. The bullying that was in elementary school mainly consisted of kids not letting me play with them, telling me I was weird, or wasn't cool. Looked funny, etc. It wasn't until about 5th grade when puberty was just starting that it got much more severe. I would say I was a very late bloomer, my voice didn't deepen even a little bit until I was in about 7th grade. So kids told me I was baby, was a girl, was gay, called me a faggot. Everyone around this time was getting their first girlfriends, and would tell me that no girl would ever want to kiss me, let alone hold my hand. I tried to prove them wrong. I tried to get the confidence to ask out pretty girls and I managed to ask a couple and a lot of them shot me down almost immediately. I remember kids in middle school consistently telling me they would beat me up just for stupid reasons just to prove that they were more masculine than me. Middle school wasn't nearly as bad as high school.In High School I really struggled. I have always been an excellent student despite my bullying and short coming. My freshman year I really liked high school there were so many more people and I thought I would branch out. I made a few friends (none of which I'm really still friends with today) and I thought everything would go well.My freshman year I wrote a love letter to a girl and she found out it was from me, and all her friends and her told me that there was never any way in hell that I even had a chance with her, they told me that I was ugly, friendless, and other sorts of horrible things, and that no girl would ever want to be with me. Kids in my math class put post-it notes on my back, hit me and the teacher just went along. My sophomore year was the first year I attempted to commit suicide. I tried to suffocate myself (but clearly I'm still here) and I ended up having to go to a behavioral health facility for anxiety, depression, and obsessive compulsive disorder to be treated for a month and a half. Kids realized why I was gone, and the word got out, and I was then picked on for having problems.My Junior year of high school I missed 44 days of school. I didn't get out of bed. My mother would scream and beg me to go to school and I just would lay there. I thought having my mother be angry at me was so much better than what the kids at school would say. Kids told me that if I died nobody would come to my funeral. I have a really bad skin condition (eczema) and kids would call me cancer hands. I used to wake up in the morning hoping that if I went to school a bus or a car would hit me and just kill me because I clearly was incapable of doing it myself. I wanted to die so badly, just to get some relief. Every day kids would call me gay. People would put gum on the underside of my locker so when I tried to open it I would be touching their chewed gum. The dean would call me in and ask me why I wasn't going to class and I would just cry. I would cry and cry for about 30 minutes without having the ability to get the words out and it got to the point where he didn't even ask anymore why I wasn't attending class, he understood and because there was so many kids bullying me he couldn't bring them all in. There were times when kids were sent to him for bullying me, but it really didn't stop.I continuously made efforts to be awkward. I made efforts to make the entire school body to think I was a germaphobe so they wouldn't touch me or come near me. Being isolated at this point was better than the consistent verbal torture of my peers. My senior year I graduated early, and worked for a little bit and then I attended community college. I have my 2 year degree, but just recently had to withdraw from my 4 year university for students making death threats against me. To this day I suffer from horrible depression. I don't have the courage to talk to my parents about any of my problems without being judged from them. I have never had a girlfriend, never been kissed, and I rarely feel loved. I put on a smiling face and pretend everything is ok, just because I tell myself that way it can't get any worse.This is what bullying does.This is the hell it creates. (Sidenote): Clearly I cannot go into detail of all my bullying mishaps and everything that has happened, but if there are any questions I will do my best answer.



I just moved to this new town and only had one friend... a few weeks go by and i found myself bullying this one kid in order to make friends, lets call him John. I also bullied a few other people but John had it the worst by far. It got to the point to where everyday people looked to me to bully this kid and I kinda had enough of it. I eventually stopped bullying and lost some friends (glad i lost them) and "status" (glad i lost it too). over 10 years later (this was in middle school and i'm about to graduate college) I still found myself weighing with guilt.So I ended up messaging a few people saying how truly sorry I was... two out of three responded with open arms saying they actually never felt bullied and that they had always considered us friends. but John never replied. the message on facebook was "seen" but no reply back. I know I need to give him space but what else can I do, if anything?are there any people out there that maybe were in a similar situation as John, to where their entire middle school career was a nightmare that can help me out? how can i fix my faults of a younger me?Heres what i sent him:"I just have to say that I am so sorry for the pain I caused you in middle school. It took me growing up some to see how wrong I was in bullying you. If you'd like to meet up for a drink or something please let me know, I definitely owe you a few. I wish you nothing but the best in life, and Merry Christmas."
When i was little i was energic and smiling, happy about life growing and everyone around that chaired for me.When i started at school i was a little bit shy since it was new and i never was in kindergarden.So i’ve never interacted with other kids.And on that day, the first day i thought i got friends for the first time in my life i got called – Ugly -.Everyone around me gathered in groups and i wasn’t able to join a single one because i was – ugly -.So on the next day i wore a hat that covered my eyes, so they couldn’t see me.Day after day, the happniness and light in me left my body.I was so scared and felt so lonely i didn’t dare to tell anyone because i was afraid to lose what i had.Every day i got home i told mom and dad that school was “awesome”, but it was cruel.I was always last picked on everything, some days i didn’t even get to join playing soccer with them.When i was home one day and watched TV, there was a pinata filled with candy.But all i could see was me filled with pain.In 2nd grade they started doing tests on me since i acted so weird from the other kids.3rd grade i was diagnosed AD/HD and Tourettes.Every dream i had felt down in pieces.Some kids in school wanted to friends with me, they made me do some silly things that i regret.Later on they just did it to use me, i was thrown back on the ground again.I never joined anything what the other kids did, i was too scared to get punched, called things.Stupid, retard, carrot and so on was my names.Some didn’t even care for what my real name was.No one wanted to be friends with me, they didn’t even try.I was so lonely, and i still am.At night, when everyone was asleep i layed in bed and cried in my pillow.I didn’t want to live in this world anymore.I have no nightmares since im living in a nightmare.All my life i’ve had 4 GF’s, 1 of them cheated on me, 2 of them did it because someone offered them money to be together with me..So i don’t trust people, not even my closest.I’ve pushed away everyone i love, i don’t even know my family anymore.The 4rth girlfriend, the one that i have now is lovely.When i have the deepest thoughts and nightmares, she says to me with a caring voice “It’s going to be okay..”.This is the first time i’ve ever felt hapiness since i was a little child, i’ve forgotten what it was, how it is to smile with my whole face.But i’m still lonely.. Evil things doesn’t go away.I’m trapped in depression and thoughts about being bullied again i can’t even get a job.I’m too scared.When i was in school, everything i had what games.In online games people liked me for what i did, for who i was.So i tried my best to achieve my goals in games, to become the best for people to finally see me for who i really am!Now i have people around me every day, every night.But what they don’t know is that im depressed, that im lonely.Everyday my parents tell me to get a job, be someone.But i can’t, im so trapped in my dark mind i can’t do it.I’m scared of being bullied again, to never get loved again.I only have one person caring for me, that see’s me for what i am.But life’s too rough.But i’ve stayed strong and pushed myself far beyond my limits.I’m sure that im better than the people that took my dreams away, that took my happiness away.That they lied about everything they told me, that i am more than what i see.I know that im perfect as i am, that i am the one i was meant to be.And you’re perfect too.The true beauty lies beneath what others can’t reach, and that’s your heart.That’s your beauty.Source: http://magicandrew.blog.com/2014/12/16/bullying-and-me/
If you haven't checked out my podcast yet, then I would love for you to check it out and let me know what you think. Many of the guests I have on talk about their experiences with bullying and I think you might find it helpful if you're struggling with the effects of having been bullied. Check it out below.https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-grass-gets-greener/id933453527
TLTR: if you were ever a bully, tell me how you feel about your actions now and do you regret what you did? I am looking to see if there are people on here who are willing to share their stories of when they were a bully at some point of their life. When I was younger I always wanted to ask my tormentors why they were doing what they were doing. I had so many questions and I want some view on this from the people themselves rather what some psychologist or researchers think. 

Just for some background.  My son is super shy and introverted.  He also is very intelligent.  He had the highest Math score in his entire grade of 600 kids.  Go son!My son was getting harrassed at school.  A kid was trying to embarrass him by screaming things about him while loading the bus after school.  My son grabbed his sleeve and asked him to stop.The kid turned around and punched him in the face giving him a black eye.  The kid was kicked off the bus.  He was later suspended from riding the bus.I went to the bus stop and said that I don't want to hear about anyone messing with my son again and this needs to stop.  I never got out of my car.  I never threatened anyone.  I just said I wouldn't allow this to continue.  This is where it gets silly.  That afternoon two cops from the school district showed up at my house.  They said the kids felt intimidated by me and they were concerned.  They asked for me to let them handle the situation.  They also asked that I not go to the bus stop because it is intimidating to the kids.This is the second time my son was punched this year.  The first time we weren't even notified.The school district said they do not have any bully problems and that kids that are being bullied can report it at anytime.  What they fail to realize it quiet shy kids don't tell adults if they are bring bullied.I am just amazed that the district has cops come to my house for me telling troublemakers to leave my son alone.  But, they are completely absent for when the kids are being bullied.My son has a black eye.  So does his school.



Do you experience social anxiety or feel nervous in social settings?We are looking for individuals who regularly experience symptoms of social anxiety to participate in a study examining the relationship between social anxiety and traumatic social experiences being conducted through the University of Regina.As a participant in this study you would be asked to complete a set of anonymous web-based questionnaires. Your participation would involve one session, lasting between 30-60 minutes (depending on past experiences).**Participating in this research will help improve understanding of social anxiety disorder and the consequences of traumatic social experiences like peer victimization and cyberbullying.****Participants need to regularly experience symptoms of social anxiety, live in North America, and be between the ages of 18-25.**To participate or find out more about the study, please follow the link below.[https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/negative_social_experiences_3](https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/negative_social_experiences_3)Participation is anonymous, but you can contact the researchers listed on the first page of the survey if you have questions.This study has been reviewed and received approval through the Research Ethics Board, University of Regina.




I'm 13 years old and live in England. My name is jake. I joined secondar school 2 years ago and nobody else from my primary school also joined. Everyone else already had their friend groups and I struggled to fit in. Over the two years I've been here it's become worse and overtime it's turned into bullying where they say things about me and hit me constantly. I have had enough and am starting to fight back even though I don't want to. I threw a chair at them today in science and I honestly don't know what to do anymore





Hi all, This is my first time posting in this forum. The reason I entitled my post thus is because I was sent to the same school in which my father worked. He was a sport coach and also taught another subject (I'm keeping this sort of vague in case someone recognises my story). The reason I'm posting is that I've been searching for stories from other people who've been in this situation but have struggled to find anything, mainly because the search terms are so general, e.g. "son of teacher", "teacher's son/child" etc.Anyway, I don't want to go into all the details of my story, but I had a difficult time in school from being the son of a teacher. I can understand why my parents sent me to said school, as it was a good school which I would otherwise not have had the opportunity to attend. However, my school years were very lonely ones. I struggled to make friends and rarely felt part of the gang. Some students who disliked my father were quite mean to me. Others, saw me as an extension of him, sort of as his spokesman. Sometimes I would overhear people complaining about something my father had said or done; some took very little care to ensure that I was out of earshot when they vented such sentiments. I never really knew how to deal with such things. Indeed sometimes I was embarrassed about things my father allegedly said or did; I know from growing up that he can be impatient and abrasive. I also played sport in the school as I was not an untalented athlete. But again, never did I make a friend from it. I was also afraid of accusations of nepotism. I spent a lot of time agonising about what the others thought of me; I never really felt accepted by my pears and became something of a loner. I would say it's taken me quite a few years to overcome things. While I managed to channel some of my energy into my studies, which worked out positively, I had poor social skills and used to get very anxious in social situations, even a long time after leaving school. I  got into a few toxic friendships and relationships, as I was willing to be friends with almost anyone who would accept me.Anyway, that's all I want to say on that for now. It's ten years since I left secondary school, and even now I think things still affect me. I would be interested in hearing from other people who have been in similar situations, as I don't meet many.




Do you ever feel overwhelmed about the world because it is so full with stupid people? I often get annoyed at the angry lady at the cashier and at the bus driver using the horn at me, even though I’m not doing anything. I also get annoyed for people ruining things or slander others for no good reason. I get hysterical when people are pushing me or talking badly to me. It can ruin a whole day if someone has been saying something negative to me or not treated me with respect. I am obviously very sensitive to these kinds of things.  But when you get affected of other people stupidity all the time it can hard to see the beauty in the world and feel like that is a place you want to live. Therefore I have made this little guide for you, who also feel overwhelmed with the amount of stupid people in this world from time to time and feel that they suck all life out of you. #1:  Be nice to yourselfIf you feel that people around you aren’t treating you with respect, you should at least treat yourself with respect. Stop talking negatively about yourself and stop filling your body with crappy food! Aww – that’s a hard one on the top of the list here! Hard but important! #2: Remember that you are stupid tooEven though you might think everybody around you are acting stupid, and of course they are, then you should remember that there might have been some days you have been acting a bit stupid too. Maybe you were sick, or had to hurry up to go to the dentist or maybe you were anxious about something. Whatever the reason, we all act stupid sometimes. Remembering this can help you be a bit more forgiving when you meet other people acting stupid. #3: Be annoyingly optimisticEven though you may not feel like it, being super optimistic when someone is polluting your world with shit, can be really releasing.  You don’t have to mean it, but just seeing the negative peoples face when you are consistently optimistic can be quite funny and help you cope in this world. #4: Find at least one nice thing in the world a dayIf you every day makes it a thing to find at least one nice thing that you love in the world, it will help you believe that the world is not just full of stupidity. I normally smell the roses in the parks, make my favourite food or play my guitar. #5: Imagine you have a shield around youIf you are in a situation where someone is filling your world with crap for no reason, you can imagine that you have a shield around you, and that the other persons negative feelings, words and attitude can’t get through. It sounds silly, but give it a go, before you just claim that I am stupid. #6: Remember that happiness comes from withinIs it easy to feel frustrating if you are looking for happiness and you feel that the world are full of idiots that are doing everything else than helping on your happiness. But happiness comes from within. You have everything inside you right now to make you feel happy. It doesn’t come from anything outside you. That can help to put less pressure on your feelings for your surroundings. #7: Practice saying noHere it is – the ultimate solution to all your problems that millions of people are writing about every day. But seriously – it’s an important one! If you start putting up some boundaries towards the people around you, it will become easier not to get so effected of what other people think, feel and do. Start with a simple thing and take it from there. #8: Practice having a strong voiceIf you talk clear and strong it is not as easy for people to roll over you. If you feel as an underdog already because of a shrill voice, you will feel much more overwhelmed by people talking a bit more strong and negative. #9: Have a stupidity boxYou can set up a box somewhere you don’t come as often, where you can put all the stupidity in. It can be in your addict, in your garden or somewhere far far away. Everytime you feel some stupidity in the world is overwhelming; you can imagine putting it in the box and free the world from it! Spacy? Maybe. But it works! #10: Stop reading stupid blogposts from negative peopleDo you often find yourself reading blogpost after blogpost from people that find the world stupid? Maybe you should stop. It’s not really worth your time and will just pollute your world even more. 
I'm 6,0 ft, 198 pounds, 22 yo and I've never been bullyed before since I was always the good guy and strong one in my friends group. Ever since I was little I was crazy about sports and action so I may say I'm a sportsman. I've been hitting gym for a 3 years now and rly develpoed even more. I've never liked arguing and when ever there was a fight somewhere - I was the one who was breaking it up, even tho I was stronger than both contestants. Now that you know a little about me, I was thinking if someone can help me through this particular situation. So, few months back, I was going home and saw my friend being beaten up just behind the gym by his ex-gf that is going to the same gym as I do. She is a maniac and looks like a guy, walking like a king-kong etc etc; I imediately broke it up and helped my friend call the police since his lips and nose were all busted up. Long story short, I witnessed against that girl on a court - but all I said was the truth I saw. And ofcourse my friend won on the court. Ever since that trial she was kinda going passive-aggressive on me (even tho im bigger than her), and it really made me feel like a shit, since I dont want to have problems with her, actually I dont want to have anything with her. I'm not even looking at her, but she is a complete nutt-case. She is constantly on drugs and 'roids and she even carries a knife in her bag. She is constantly under the infulence, and on saturdays you can see her doing problems to the locals whilst being under influence of various drugs and alcohol.  Now, about 1,5 months later, she came back to the gym and out of the nowhere she came to me and said: ''I heard you like lying on the court, dont you? ''Which i replied: '' I said what I saw, now please leave me alone''Her answer was: ''Yeah, we will see about that, everything has its cure, we will see eachother again.''I stayed silent and put my earbuds in my ear. So what I really wanna do if she ever attacks me is to break that bitch's arms so she can never lift weights again, but then again thats waay too insane, and I dont want that on my back. If she attacks me, what should I do? Do I fight back? Do I just stand there and let her punch me, or even knife me? I just want things to be normal, and want to live my life in normal and not being scared that someone will jump me in the dark. And since i live in a small town - changing a gym wont do much. I forgot to mention that she has a boyfriend thats the same as she is. Complete nuttcase, roids and shit aswell. And those two are always together, so there is a possibility that there will be a 1v2...Please guys, help me out. What to do? I dont wanna go over and over again on court etc. Please, any suggestions?Thank you very much.
In 2011 there was a movie made, Cyberbully, and i just watched it again.It made me wonder what people think of Cyberbullying or bullying in generalGive your honest opinions please

I've never told anyone, not even my wife.  His name was John.  We worked at a retail store, my first job during college.  I was about 19 or 20.  John was probably 6' and a good 80 pounds heavier than I was.  This all started over a bottle of grapefruit juice.  Yes.  I brought some in for my lunch and put it in the fridge at work.  I find out later it's half gone.  Word got around that John drank it.  I asked him if he did (we're in the back of the shop) and he proceeds to bend me over the workbench, leaning on me and takes a screwdriver and puts it against my head.  "Maybe I ought to shove this in your ear."  I say, "Go ahead."  He lets me up and I walk out.  I don't remember much else except for quitting, there's only a manager and I wasn't as skilled as John was.  Looking back, I should've brought it up lest he torture someone else, but I just wanted out.I've come a long way from there, but it surfaces every now and then. I'd like to think John suffered from something his alpha ego got him into, but any amount of pain visited upon him won't make up for what he did to me.I have the love of my wife, my family, my friends, you guys, and I keep reminding myself of that.  I'm doing well, and I feel a bit better after writing this, even reliving through that terrible moment in my life.  Out of the worst things that happened to me, it's pretty up there.  What kind of person wants to shank a co-worker over grapefruit juice?  And, yeah, I love grapefruit juice, so he didn't take that away from me.
Please Vote!!http://goo.gl/PpQOgl
I'm in my 30s and I'm currently at university. I'm taking a psychology class on human growth and development, and it's triggering all kinds of terrible memories and feelings. I never thought I would be the sort of person who uses the word "triggering", but I guess I never thought I'd be sitting in a lecture and thinking about whether or not I should pack up my stuff and walk out, or whether I should just go and forget about my stuff either.This isn't the first time I've had an unpleasant time in this class, but yesterday's topic was "peer relationships in early and middle childhood", and consequently, the subject of bullying came up. I was horrendously tormented in school for many years. I was sitting in that class yesterday and listening to this teacher spout UTTER NONSENSE and my face got hot, my heart started pounding, I started shaking... It took every ounce of strength I had not to get up and scream at him or to run crying out of the room. I BARELY got out of the building before I lost my shit completely.Until yesterday, I was happy here. I felt plugged in and content and as if I was going to succeed. Now I feel disconnected, like it's all been tainted for me. I never realized exactly how much of my emotional memory of being bullied was still with me or how much it flavors the way I view education in general. The thing that really sucks is, I'm good at school. I really like learning and doing school work, but I'm terrified of the other students and the teachers. (For the record, most of my fellow students are TEENAGERS. I'm a grown adult. I don't even live on campus.)After more than 20 years, I'm right back in that awful place again. At least this time I recognize that I'm there, though. 



Hi! I was wondering if you could do me a favor and take 10 minutes out of your day to read this. I am friends with a girl named Ari who is 18 and has cerebral palsy. During her high school years she had been the victim of horrendous bullying and harassment by other students because of her disability. The seriousness of this bullying speaks volumes and may shock you. I am trying to share it with whoever I can because she wants the world to hear her story. She wants to feel that people care. Thank you and have a wonderful day. Link: goo.gl/hRU1ba


I am 13 years old, and in 7th grade in a school in northeast Kansas.  I have consistently been told to "Shut up, Derp*", or "Nobody cares, Derp.". I am a very quiet person, and am usually soft spoken.  This is continued on by the same stupid kid, and one other person that when in the group with the bully, contributes to the verbal carnage.  Otherwise, he is somewhat decent to me.  I also do not play any sports and I am involved in theatre.  Can you guys help with the ~~murder~~ bullying?Sorry for the odd locations of information, I am from Estonia.




My friend and fellow raid group member (hereafter refered to as "Friend") had been a part of this FFXIV Players Group for over a year. During these twelve months, my Friend was posting to the page with regularity; showing off some new gear, sharing a recent End-Game Accomplishments, and other such items, as FFXIV fans are want to do.  A few weeks ago, the Friend posted some content to the FFXIV Group Wall, and was subsequently attacked in the comments by one member in particular (hereafter referred to as "Asshole").  This Asshole, moments later, was promoted to an Admin of the group and deleted my Friend's post entirely; followed by a private message, "I deleted the post.  Hope you understand ;) ".My Friend then contacted the other Admins, asking why someone who had clearly been bullying her, using profanity and aggressive language, became an Admin to the page after They had just been breaking the rules? Why put The Asshole in a better position to bully others?It should be noted here that my Friend did not break any of the rules of the Group Page.  My Friend shared how she felt and pleaded for some sign of solidarity from the people she considered the Leaders of her Fan Group.  Instead, the Admins of this group (Hereafter referred to as the "Shitheads") insisted that she drop the entire issue, and that they were completely okay with the Censorship (aka deleting) of her post.  Adding insult to injury, one Shithead admitted that it was because he liked the Asshole's 'sarcastic wit' that they were promoted; stating that the Asshole's use of profanity was okay given the circumstances.My Friend did some research.  She looked into the Asshole's past posts and soon found evidence of bullying littered throughout the Asshole's history.  She touched base with a few of the group members whom she believed had been Cyber-bullied and found that she was not alone.  There was a number of players who felt they had been attacked by the Asshole and have, because of that, been hesitant to post to the page in fear of being harassed."I only stay on the page to help people on my Server," they confided in my Friend.  "That page fosters too many bullies and the Admins do nothing."Eventually, word got out about how the Asshole was recently promoted to an Administrator Status and complaints began reaching the Shitheads.  At this point, My Friend (and others) received a notification that they had been removed from the group.  One Shithead followed this extreme executive action with an offensive: "Well now that you're out of the group I can say what I truly wanna say now. You have issues and need to take them somewhere else."Assholes.My biggest issue with the entire circumstance is this:My Friend came to the Administrators of a Group in need of Help against a Bully.  The Admins then began encouraging and even participating in said Bullying; belittling my Friend and the situation itself.  When others stood up against them, the Admins used their power to kick them from the group and remove all incriminating posts.Cyber-Bullying has Real Life Repercussions and this blatant dismissal of a Cry for Help is unacceptable.  This "God Complex" shared by the group's Admins cannot be allowed to continue.Agree?  Follow this link: www.facebook.com/groups/ffxivarrpgGo to the top-right of the page and click the '...'Then select "Report Group"Let's get rid of these guys.



Hello, I'm almost 30 years old and I'm being bullied at my workplace and this is tearing me down. I don't know what to do and I really need to overcome this, somehow. I feel so reduced, like my mind went back into a child's, again.I traveled from another country into Germany, so I know very little of the language, which contributes for this whole situation. The reason I did it was to enroll on an Internship as a plant mechanic. They call it an Ausbildung. I have a harsh economic background, so I cant afford to go back or change things at will.I was told that Germans were civilized, working and organized people, but I have seen little in this regard. At one the construction site, where I get to learn by practice, I am sure I am being bullied and discriminated.I didn't even see it coming. I don't know what started it, but, since day one, I keep being made fun of for everything and nothing. For example, I have long hair and use a napkin/hood for security, as stated by the book. However, a senior colleague and the construction leader keep making fun of this. They call me names like Conchita (Wurst). They order me to take my hood, which has caused me to have accidents twice: once with a drill, another with a crane and yet another minor one.My senior colleague hides my equipment and, once, even sabotaged it. I could have died or get seriously injured, for such is the price of the smallest slights in my line of work. Also, this "colleague" put my chair on a roof for me to get it, in front of all the others, saying I forgot to put it properly in place and did it for me to learn to be tidy, as a pretext.These situations keep coming up and I'm not sure what to do about them. Can somebody help me out? I'm pretty sure that complaining to superiors isn't going to help much. I mean, I'm the new guy, they are the senior and leader in that team. I doubt that the people who witnessed will verify my claims, because they look down on me and they tend to stick with their German friends and colleagues.





Right now I have so many mental problems-I discovered I had chronic depression since quite a while, social anxiety, social phobia, ADHD, hypochondria, some OCD, maladaptive daydreaming, etc. I tried to trace out when exactly these problems began: Here is my story.https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bKeXKTYIhJzXww-WnMQqKCt72Ps_L35tsjmLrrGkS1I/edit?usp=sharing
[Story here](http://www.palmbeachpost.com/news/news/national/dayton-girl-bullied-because-she-donated-her-hair-c/nhjjz/)
In fifth grade, I was bullied everyday by most of the class, because I became friends with a girl who was unpopular and bullied by most of the class as well. I could never understand why they treated her so terribly. I had strong morals, but I was sensitive and didn't know how to deal with the bullies. The bullies saw this as a weakness and they exploited it. I knew what was going on in their minds even as a kid. Some did it because they didn't think it was a big deal and were apathetic and/or following the crowd. Some did it because they just thought they were of higher status and just had terrible personalities (they would suck up to the teachers and popular kids). Some did it because they didn't want to be associated with me. All of them did it because they thought they could get away with it, and I sometimes wonder how they can live with themselves. I can understand the bullies who had troubles at home or were bullied before. I forgive those people. However, I still know that these circumstances are not proper justifications, as I never did anything to hurt them, and I know I never deserved this treatment in the first place. I can't forgive those who bullied just because it didn't matter to them, because they don't care about other people, because they were cowards, because they have poor moral codes. I don't understand it when people comfort someone who bullied for these reasons (I see this a lot on reddit and other sites), because I don't think they should be comforted for being horrible to someone who didn't deserve it. I often wonder how people could be so terrible, and this hurts me. So, victims of bullying, how did you get on with your life? How did you heal yourself?


A girl from our rival town committed suicide last night, apparently she was bullied relentlessly at school and she couldn't take it anymore. If you would like to leave a condolence here is a link to her facebook page https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100006161056464.
My son is in grade one.You would think that kids have better things to do than bully one another, but that simply is not the case here.They call him names and just recently it has gotten voilent. Threats and proposed fight set ups. It has got to the pint where they bully him infront of me after school, so I can just imagine what he goes trough when I am not there. What can I do for my son? I have taught him to ignore the name calling and keep his hands off. He knows to get a teacher but the kids just won't stop.
I have a Facebook page to show awareness for bullying and to help the people that are being bullied. Message me on the page if you ever need someone to talk to because I want the people who are bullied to know that they are not alone.

Last year was a horrid year for me. I got bullied, humiliated in front of the class, got called names in front of everyone, constantly putting me down, gotten pushed around and made to feel like absolute shit. The worst thing about this all was that it was my friends who were doing it to me. 'Friends'. My only friends. So then one day, I decide that I've had enough and go tell a teacher. I went through some useless conversations with the counsellor; conversations that only made me feel worse. Instead of making everything better, as they always say.. you know how teachers are always going on about how they're HERE TO HELP and really, everything will be better if you tell someone...? That wasn't the case for me. It just completely exacerbated my situation. My 'friends' who did the bullying... manipulative, lying bitches, they cobbled together a fake apology for the teachers then continued to bully me quietly. After that, I completely gave up on school and let myself be bullied. I think I lost all hope after that. I never stood up for myself. I used to be a pretty outgoing kid but the bullying has completely torn apart my self-esteem. I don't know why I never stood up to them, but I reckon its partly because they were my 'friends'. I was too scared I was going to lose them and have no-one. They way they treated me... It was just too much. I broke down and hid my personality from everyone after that. Now, I'm  just this sad, pathetic mute thing. Everywhere I go now, I just isolate myself from everyone. They look at me awkwardly and I avoid them. I feel like such a failure. And every time I take part in a conversation, I'm always so PASSIVE and just lifeless. Dull. Dead. I feel like I'm holding back every time because I feel so shit about myself. Like I don't deserve to be there. I don''t belong. So 90% of the conversations are just me sadly smiling along, like a shadow. Saying absolutely NOTHING. Because I just don't have the will to.I feel so abandoned by everyone. I don't know how I've changed this much. I used to be so likeable and happy... ARGHHH. I'm just so frustrated. It's nearly been an entire year and I haven't moved on at all. The very few people who do try to reach out to me, I avoid them because I'm just so fucking ashamed of myself. I don't know what to do anymore. I just want to be the person I was before all the bullying happened. This doesn't make any sense does it? Everything I've been holding in has pretty much been spewed out. I REALLY NEED HELP.I mean, I can't even interact properly know. I try to, but I guess people think I'm such a freak, they avoid me. And I avoid them. I just feel like I failed at life. This year has been such a failure. I mean, in terms of talking and having conversations LIKE A NORMAL PERSON,  I've given up on that. I don't even talk anymore. It's just too painful, opening up, after everything that's happened. I just don't know what to do. I feel like everyone who's ever cared about me has just gone. I'm just SO LONELY. Plus: those pitying stares I get from some people... I just want to crawl in a hole and die. SO ASHAMED. Can't Even Deal. X.X







I am a 28 year old East Indian/South Asian male. I had a very bad childhood growing up... I was bullied in middle school and high school. I was racially discriminated against also. One guy (who I will refer to as "Person A") who bullied me, made all the other kids "not to talk to me". As a result, I didn't have any friends in middle school or high school. Person A also made comments about my Mom. He also told me to "shut up" several times, even when I nicely asked him a question about something. I sent him a "poke" on Facebook a while back. He then responded by sending a friend request to me. I then accepted his friend request, but he later took me off (un-friended me). I later decided to send him a Facebook friend request. He accepted it, but then again for the second time, he took me off (un-friended me).I am pissed at this guy. I want revenge...That's the only way this asshole is ever going to know that "I won and he has lost". Like I said, I had a terrible childhood during my middle school years, AS WELL AS during my high school years. My question for you: Should I write a private message to the guy mentioned above, on Facebook, saying the following to him: "Eat dirt you ugly faggot...I still remember throwing orange juice at your ugly face back in Boy Scouts. LOL. I enjoyed doing it. I feel very happy about it." ???I did THREE THINGS bad to him and his friends back during 7th grade of middle school, and, despite being nice to him ever since then, this kid was rude to me throughout middle school and all of high school, told others to not be my friends and "ignore me", and he made comments about my Mom. ...If you are wondering what the "rude things" that I did were, here they are: 1). We were in Boy Scouts together. During our camp trips, when we shared tents to live in, Person A's fat friend would keep "farting" several times in the tent. They all laughed about it. I said to them: "That's gross". 2). One of Person A's friends had asked to use some hair gel that I had. I told him that was fine, and he could. When he gave the bottle back to me after he used it, I noticed that he used about half-the-bottle worth of hair gel. I then got angry, and immediately reacted by trying to start a fight with him. 3). After the first two things mentioned above had happened, Person A started to be mean to me. Because of that, I then threw a glass of orange juice at his face.

I'm short/skinny/kinda unhealthy (which I don't feel down about) but some people seem to care about it. People bump into me, or walk directly in my path, or walk on my heels and it REALLY gets on my nerves.I know they are playing chicken with their masculinity or that they feel unassertive/unimportant and need to mask that with aggression and arrogance, but that doesn't help me feel better about it. It makes me feel weak.Today some big guy was following me closely and staring at the back of my head and I tried not to react to him but it really bothered me. But he needs to act tough or something. I just don't understand the mentality - it's been years since I've felt physically sound so I can't understand what it's like to do that to someone.I mean, sometimes I cross paths with little kids and I feel a duty to give them personal space because they are weak. Why be a dick? And what kind of person wants to be a dick to weaker people?Now I don't feel like getting buff because then I'm allowing others' opinions to affect me. But also, hypocritically, I'm already letting their opinions affect me. But one can't help but to feel slighted! I'm just curious about what you think about people who physically mess with weaker people. I think if I can understand this it will be easier to let things slide.I have a hunch a lot of these people care if I'm small because they feel "small" on the inside.These theories make sense, but it's hard to keep this in mind while someone is simeltaneously trying to make you feel weak and unimportant.



hi i will keep my name anonymous for the sake of this being posted on the internet.anyway iv recently entered year 11 last year of secondary school and i am preparing for my exams and doing my controlled assessments but there are some problems iv never been the most popular person in my school and have been bullied at school for as long as i can remember which for the best part i handled quite well, however it has been getting worse and worse as the year goes on for remarks about me being gay (which i am not) to people physical grabbing my ass, and it doesn't help by the fact that i am not athletic and i am considered a nerd for having an interest in programming and computers and playing card/video games a lot.i also have another side of my life being an AB/DL which i have always wanted to come out about it but never had the courage because of my bullying problems, and if the bullying keeps up i will end up worrying to much and i fear failing my exams and not getting into collage.please help people i need advice to help this stop.ps: i would like to avoid hurting people physically as much as possible and i cant just avoid it. 



I'm currently in college and have always had this one incident with bullying that has always bugged me as I still am not sure if i did the right thing. Back in like grade 3 I went to a relatively small school with about 20 kids in my grade. I was relatively popular being both smart and athletic. Sadly there was this one kid who was extremely socially inept that 7 or so kids would pick on. I felt bad for him and spent about a month trying to "help" him by telling him things to do and not to do to be "cool". I essentially wanted him to change himself completely so that he keep from being bullied, but gave up trying eventually when people started to shy away from me because I was constantly trying to 'correct' his behavior. To this day I'm still unsure if i did him a good thing.

Hey random thought, how about I talk about bullying.Back when I was young I lived in a bad neighborhood. This neighborhood was filled with bullies and drug dealers and child perverts. I thank my mom for the fact that I'm a very good person. I never really noticed bullies in that school, probably because I wasn't bullied by anyone. But know after getting back in touch with an old friend of mine I've seen otherwise. My family quickly moved out of this neighborhood and moved to a quiet part of town. We moved into a old house with a great big beautiful garden. I was very happy, I was doing well in school and made lots of friends quickly. Although after a few years they all seemed to become distant. My best friend even started to be mean to me. The only people who hung out with me and where friends with me were the football players even though I was neither into to football or very good at it they were nice to me. I was often picked first into the teams and on my birthday they kept sending the ball to me and helping me score a goal and they would even protect me from the other guys. I was very happy to know there were people in that school who weren't absolute arseholes. But class was a different story. In class I insisted I had my own table because I didn't want anyone of these guys around me, they stomped on me, jumped on me, chased me and almost broke my hip. But even with that I wasn't in the worst position. I heard rumors that these same guys who used to be my friends were had broken a guys arm, and here's the kicker, for fun. I had a talk with my parents about this and they were furious about this, they came close to kicking every kid out of me grade and my father and I had a talk. He told me in short.If someone doesn't like you, why do you care?If someone hates you “should” you really care?If people don't like you then just leave them and move on with your life.After that I moved into a better neighbor hood where I became popular for who I was and to anyone who didn't like me I just said “ok bye then” and moved on. They might hate me but I'm happy and I don't care because even If my entire school hated me I could always find other people who like me for me.TL;DRif people hate you don't stay hung up on them and just move on.









Hey everyone. My name is Adam, and I am a member of a theatre company called *Trust Theatre Ensemble*. For the past 5 years, we have been performing a production called *The Bullycide Project*, a show that travels to middle and high schools to tell the stories of ~10 individuals who took their life due to excessive bullying, as well as personal stories from the actors themselves.We are also in the process of writing a show about Matthew Shepard, a young man who was the victim of a hate crime in Wyoming in 1998. We are adapting a book of poetry by Lesléa Newman called *October Mourning: A Song For Matthew Shepard*. We will be performing the show for the first time in Chicago this October.I'm coming to you all because we are currently running a Kickstarter campaign to raise some money to continue to perform these shows in the years to come. Unfortunately, most of our performances have been restricted to our home state of Michigan, as we haven't been able to fund longer trips with food and lodging for an ensemble of 12-25 actors. We would love to be able to continue to travel and perform this show at as many schools as possible, and would really appreciate your help. For more information about us, and what we do, here's our [website](http://www.trustheatrensemble.org/), [Trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1I8_idaTIok), and [Kickstarter page](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1294766844/speaking-for-those-who-cant-the-bullycide-project?ref=nav_search)I'd be glad to answer any questions you may have, and I appreciate you taking the time to read this.Thanks, Adam

This is going to be a LONG READ so get some water and maybe a tissue.First of all I'm Mexican so forgive my english I have lived in Tijuana my whole life just by the border, It is a good city to Live in and it certainly has its costs. My mother left me when I was around 8 years old and in 2013 got Stomach Cancer but beat it by Christmas after joining Christianity.I have lived with my father since.I will now detail my Experience in this piece-of-rotten-shit Education System.I have been bullied my whole life, since I was in damn kindergarten (2000) I was picked on by that kid who hit everyone with the metal button on his Jacket that obviously didn't fit him.Fast forward to Secondary School (2009-2011) (High School in the US) I cried every day as I was bullied daily as soon as I got inside the School Grounds by being hit really hard on my arm before I got to class, "like a warm up" Then in Class (2009) there was this Tough-Guy (lets call him Tim) who controlled every other bully in the School and he often set everyone one me, telling the other guys that I look like a Mole and shit, Often bullying another kid into fighting with me, telling him that I said funny things about his family and some animals, when we fought he was scared shitless of me I'm just 1.62m tall (He just did this to not get bullied more) But since I did not want to be declared the Loser (The loser got hit really hard by every bully at the end of the fight) I hit him really hard and Beat him up every time, Then whenever the teacher at hand went away Hell RisedTim's little group came up with a "game" in which you'll get hit once but  if you move you get hit again they always hit me really hard in my arm (I just stood there looking lifeless Since they were always more than 3 guys, I always moved because of the gag reflex) & I always got hit until the teacher got back, Then they held some fucking contest in Which they all kicked every kid in the balls and whoever was left got To bully someone else with them, I won and was a bully myself for some time, I bullied the other kid who Fought with me to not get Bullied, He did fight back some times but I always won (I feel terrible for that)I mostly did this to not get bullied but being a bully was also kind of revealing... I learned that most of their fathers are Mexican Mafia Bosses that send dudes to behead people and horrible shit like that... One of the other Bullies said that He once saw a guy get his brains blown out right beside the Hot Dog Stand he works on. Because the guy owed around $4 Bucks...I heard another say that he was once so High that he didn't remember his name or how he got to his house, this is from kids whose age-range is 12 to 15. This made me learn that bullies are not born; they are made by the shittiest parenting.As second year came on (2010), I Found myself being bullied again, This time by mostly everyone at the school, I got kicked in the balls on a daily basis and punched around everywhere, I was always purple from my arms down to my waist, I always had to wear the Physical Ed. Jacket to hide the bruises.There was no reason to notify the Principal or Teachers since they already fucking saw everything and did NOTHING that changed anything.In third grade (2011) the bullying was intensified to the extreme, a girl I knew from Primary School had joined, I always knew her to be a Straight 10 Student (A+) She looked so much different, She said she was an emo, (I didn't know what an emo was at the time) But they bullied her until she got Psychosis by telling her to hurt herself and shit and got her addicted on meth or something.Then another "badass" joined the School, he was by far the worst... He dared to masturbate in front of the teacher, Hit girls, offered drugs to everyone and always came back from the principal's room without a report card. They then went after the "full" girls and made them fight, No-fucking-body stopped the fight but the prefect who couldn't handle 2 really "built" girls from ripping their hair off. While everyone else was laughing or recording it...By this third year I had only 2 Friends: One was the guy I stupidly bullied before (He is still my friend and a very good one), and the Other one was the typical tall guy no one picked to play sports But between us, we survived, the tall guy often defended us and taught me to fight even better.I was relieved this was the last year of Secondary School Fast forward to today I have no hard-feelings for any of them... Because not only they bullied, but they were bullied by their own parents to the point that they had to Bully to just feel a little bit better.I have anxiety problems and ADHD from all those years I was bullied in School, I have never felt what it is to be loved or to have someone you can count on. I have contemplated suicide many times but I have always chosen not to, Not because I would feel pain in the process but because I always found another even better reason to live.I have read reddit threads since about 2 years, & have always lurked, I have never made an account before and just joined to post this because of this little event that is the reason of the Thread's Title(8/August/2014) A few hours ago I was reading this Thread while listening to "What a Wonderful world by Louis Armstrong": http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1nptyp/what_is_the_kindest_thing_a_complete_stranger_has/And as I felt really good from all of the good things Humanity has done I was logged on to FaceBook and I hear the "ping" when you get a notification and I go and read it, it was TIM the bully-boss who tormented my life and made me get ADHD and Anxiety amongst other thingsThe conversation went like this: Tim: How're you doing you fucking kid?Me: What's up! I haven't talked to you in a long time friend.Tim: How are you Mothefucker!?Me: I'm fine why?Tim: I'm just asking, trying to say hi, I haven't heard about you.Me: Neither have I, How has life been to you?Tim: It has been quite right, I'm Studying-working & you?Me: I'm in my 5th semester in SchoolTim: Did you flunk out or something you fuck? (I think he's already in college)Me: Nope, I was in 3rd semester and I had to leave because my father lost his job for about a year and couldn't study because there was no money to pay the monthly fee, Then I got to school again after my dad got a job again and went up to 5th but my father has lost his job again.Tim: Oh, shit man.Me: It sounds shitty but it has given me more time to stop and think about what we don't appreciate of life, like visiting your family more often.Tim: Alright man, everyone has to seize every moment one has in his life.Me: I also have to say something to you: I forgive every bad thing and shit you have done to me when we were in school (I immediately feel like the ADHD is going away and my mental wounds are healing)Tim: Nah, Dude I'm sorry I didn't want you to feel bad I was an asshole (I'm finding it really hard not to cry with release from the trauma, after all that time he hit me and told others to hit me)Me: I know when we are little and naive we don't think about what we say, we believe we are the most important thing in the world... Tim: Yeah! I'm actually happy that you think differently and have matured. Do you smoke or drink or anything? Or go out and party?Me: No, I don't do any of that vicious stuff and have tried them all; I mostly go out with my familyTim: I also don't do any of it; I do go out with my family too.Me: It actually feels awkward coming from you.Tim: I know cuz' everything has to be different and we must leave stupid & childish way of thought behindMe: Shit man you're making me cry (He did, again after all those years but this time in a good way)Tim: Well, my friend everything changes as life goes, I left what I like to do to work but it was to make my life better.Me: Do you have kids? Tim: Oh GOD NO.Me: LOL LOL LOLTim: LOL LOLMe: I have enjoyed talking to you, it’s really good that you have matured; Life gets sweeter as you keep living it, Thanks.Tim: All right dude, I enjoyed talking to you, Good Night :DMe: Later ;)(While still listening to "What a Wonderful World by Louis Armstrong)I burst in tears after that, I would have never thought that my tormentor, the guy who after all these years had been my nightmare, came to me and repented to me after what he did. I felt as if a big load has been taken off of me that I had thought I had forgotten about. Something that was so well known that I couldn't even remember why I had it to begin with. It might not feel as much to you but If you would have been in my shoes all those years just getting hit and becoming numb from the pain then you'll know what it is to live like that.I still get bullied in 5th semester but it’s just verbal so I shrug it off although when it gets physical I intervene. I have to sing an Opera song in my School in just 4 days so I hope that I don't  get bullied while on stage.Still in my 18  years of life I have learned a lot, this country is not a shithole because of rigged elections and dictators.It is so because of the worst parenting ever, Bullies are made by having bad parents whom pay no attention or care to them, so they have to find a way to feel better by hitting people or making them feel like shit, then they either become dictators or go and make a change in the world, most are going not for the latter, Like the current president, everyone criticizes him but no one knows if he was molested at school or if he was a bully himself, no one knows if his mother loved him enough or if he even had a thorough education, I do think that we can learn from this and overcome our weaknesses but we must work on them from NOW, Today.I admit I'm not perfect & I have done a lot of bad things in my short life but I have never wished to be bad to any small child.A small child is very important to me so whenever I meet one I remember myself as a child who was never loved and actually go and play with them, Most people shout at me "Ya madura!" (Which literally means "Grow Up!") When they see me play with little kids, but I know that that when I Look in their kids eyes I'm looking at someone who will care for their people when they become the next President. I know I'm doing something which will reward my country much more in the End. And yes it does matter...Oh and I almost forgot: What a Wonderful World...TL:DR I got bullied all my life, 6 years after the hardest bullying, I forgave my bully and got on with life. (Plus learned a bit about what's really wrong with my country)







Are you worried about adult bullies?? Checkout "Peace Talks Dealing With Bullies" @ just $69.95, which helps your child how to deal with adult bullies







How familiar are you with this scene? You were either being teased or you were the teaser, right? In some cases these are friendly and fun filled rites of passage. At other times such incidences take on a much uglier hue.



Hello, everyone. I'm not entirely sure if I should be asking mere strangers on the internet about this, but..Does anyone know how to help with a bully? At my school, there are quite a few assholes that harass me and my ex-friend, whom shall not be named due to privacy. She has done quite a bit of things to me, too. Calling me a whore, slut, weaboo shit, a waste of everyone's time, and she's practically told me to go kill myself before. She even called me weak when I told her I wouldn't fight back, and threatened to come to my house and snap my neck or stab me to death!! Her response when I confronted her about it? 'I was only trying to help. My therapist told me to make you feel better and realize that you're perfect by making you mad.' Ugh..She pisses me off. I need help. I've told my therapist this millions upon millions of times. She hasn't helped. From experience, you can meet some amazing people over the internet, and that's why I'm coming to all of you wonderful people. Thanks for reading, and have a nice day.


Having a long och tough discussion with my daughter about her safety online. I would like some real examples of what has happened to other people sharing too much information/images. Something to show her, to convince her I'm not just exaggerating the risks. Thank you!


Im doing a research paper on how social media has made it easier for teens to be bullied, and need to conduct an interview if anyone has been bullied and answer a few questions it be great










Hi guys! I recently gave a TEDx talk on my experiences being rejected and bullied when I was younger. Can you help me vote for which title you like best?1) The Surprising Truth About Rejection2) Let's Get Honest About RejectionIn the talk I share personal stories of being rejected and bullied as a kid and how that caused me to isolate and become depressed, ultimately causing me to make a decision to change the situation I found myself in.Who I'm hoping to reach with the video: Anybody who resonates with being rejection and/or bullied causing them to not feel good enough and doubt their potential.1) The Surprising Truth About Rejection2) Let's Get Honest About RejectionThoughts? Your help is greatly appreciated! I hope to reach a lot of people who share our experiences with this talk!
I created this for my speech class and it was greatly admired.. now i want to read your comments





Do you experience social anxiety or feel nervous in social settings?We are inviting you to participate in a study examining the relationship between social anxiety and negative social experiences being conducted through the University of Regina.As a participant in this study you would be asked to complete a set of anonymous web-based questionnaires. Your participation would involve one session, lasting between 30-60 minutes.**Participating in this research will improve our understanding of how social anxiety disorder develops and the consequences of negative social experiences like bullying and cyberbullying.****Participants need to experience anxiety in social situations, live in North America, and be between the ages of 18-25.**To participate or find out more about the study, please follow the link below.[https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/negative_social_experiences](https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/negative_social_experiences)Participation is anonymous, but you can contact the researchers listed on the first page of the survey if you have questions.Thank you for your support!Please note that this study has been reviewed and received approval through the Research Ethics Board, University of Regina.

A person has been harassing me, bullying me and generally fucking my life up for two years now and I need help. Is there any chance everyone can add him on bbm or go onto his Instagram and insult him I know this is a long shot and it can be considered harsh but I really need this help my life is being ruined by him, and I have stood up to him before but he never shuts up and finds stupid reasons to have a go at me. His details are as follows: Instagram:matthew_ramshaw Bbm: 7e2dd5f6 . Thankyou so much for anyone who does this it would honestly mean the world to me. Thanks anyone and everyone from the amazing site of reddit

First, I want to say, I have been a bullying victim, I used to receive a lot of physical attacks and verbal abuse in school. Then there was a period where I found new friends because my old "friends" were being very exclusionary. I'm not sure what it was, but they would hang out with me unless there was other people, in which case they would hang out with them and never invite me. I kind of let people walk over me all the time, and then they get upset on the rare days where I am not feeling as complacent as normal and actually stick to my guns. Anyway, the shit in question. I have a friend who always antagonises me. I have told him before that I don't like it and to stop. He just does it because it entertains him. The worst part is though that often times other people will join in, and then when I complain they say something like "we all do it" and make me feel like the bad guy for not enjoying people doing something to me that I don't do to other people. That and they don't gang up like they do on me. Maybe it just seems that way because out of say 5 of us there will be 4 who antagonise me, but only 3 antagonising anyone else (due to my lack of participation) but still. I don't know. I just want someone elses advice on whether this is actually bullying,which I think it is, or if I'm just blowing it out of proportion and if I should confront them and tell them straight up they have to choose between stopping it and not being my friend, or if I should just ditch them altogether



Kik@ sarahjohnston6778 thinks self harm and suicide are jokes and she needs to learn that it's not acceptable. She bully's and abuses humans and pets and needs to see that she's in the wrong and needs to change. Please support me as I've been bullied by her. she also constantly bullies people because of mental illness. And support people dealing with suicide, depression , self harm. not disgusted yet , just go talk to her




Hi,my name is Francisco Molina and I am a victim of bullying. Kids bully me for having big lips. Everyday at School kids always say things like: Did you get stung by a bee?, Are you a duck?, Whoah it's n*gga lips!. I've been called n*gga lips at the mall several times by random kids to the point where I'm afraid to watch a movie or buy clothes. I've considered suicide numerous times but never got the guts. Is there any out there that can help me if tried counseling so many times but they just don't stop. Please help me.


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VezZRTz_IQM




@sackajoowea @mom47831537It was brought to my attention that these two twitter users are using their social media pages to belittle and pick on teens in my community. They even go as far to use homophobic slurs and asking teens to commit suicide. They are in their 40s with kids of their own. If this is what they say on a public forum I'd hate to know what they say behind closed doors.

Guys, please help me, my mother abuses me every day and tells me that i should go to hell and burn there. she swears at me, i don't know what to do, i know computers well and sometimes i reinstall her windows on computer but if it lags just a little bit she blames me,if wifi is gonna turn off she blames me, tv is gonna get crashed she blames me, world war 3 is gonna start, she blames me. i'm still a kid and it really hurts my feelings so please help me and give me some tips on how to deal with her.


I'm not really on this subreddit very often because I'm fortunate enough to have friends that really support me nowadays, but I just wanted to share my own story on a bully of mine from 9th grade. In essence, everything gets better. You learn from the unfortunate, and everything will be ok. http://wp.me/p2YJDI-du
As a recent victim of bullying on a monstrous scale something that has stood out to me is the overwhelming feeling of loneliness and isolation it can bring. If you ever feel like you have no one to talk to please, dont hesitate to talk to me.Here is a link to my personal Fb account. 

I know, I know... We all hear of bullying and it isn't anything new, but it is something bad that needs to be noticed! It needs to be fought against, but no matter what we do, it will never be truly stopped. Please check out my video on why I started Youtube and then stopped! It's honestly great advice to listen to! Never give up, live your life, love your life, and do what you want to do! <3https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IECE_7iemdE
I recently posted my picture on here to get a rating on my appearance and maybe some constructive criticism. Instead I was slapped with disgusting comments from a user whose name I don't remember because I flagged their comment. This particular user called me fat and ugly. The low rating did not bother me but the disgusting comments did. I'm aware that I'm not an attractive guy which is the point of posting my picture up here to get some good constructive criticism. I have struggled with my weight for as long as I can remember. I have lost over 45 pounds. In my mind that is a huge accomplishment for me. Even though I am at a healthy weight I still am not satisfied with my physical appearance considering the constant rejection I face from women daily. I will admit the constant rejection and nasty comments like that does lower my confidence and self esteem. I figured college would be different but it's just like high school for me. Despite all that I continue to put myself out there to make new friends because even though my face and body might be ugly, my heart is the exact opposite. I will not say everyone on here is a bad person because I have met some decent people that gave me constructive criticism on how to improve my appearance and I am thankful for that. To everyone that does feel like they are not pretty enough for someone I want you to know that people who are attracted to your beauty and looks will not be by your side forever. But the people who can see how beautiful your heart is will never leave you. I will not hold any ill will towards the operators of reddit. I have flagged the comment and I have full confidence that reddit will take appropriate action against that user. I will not let this ruin my day because if that person continues treating people with such disrespect they will end up alone once their looks do fade assuming they are good looking. Remember to be kind to each and let's do our jobs as people to lift each other higher instead of putting each other down. 


Has anyone been successful with recording your bully with an app?







I want this video to be shared to everyone you know please it helps a lot of people get over bullying https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=df2NWPxBNoU&feature=gp-n-y&google_comment_id=z13tjzx5eqiftjrbb04cjdqiizaaz3tgvm00k





I'm being bullied by a poster in the TeenMFA subreddit and I don't know what to do about it. I've asked him calmly to stop and engage on the issues, but then he just did that while continuing to insult me. http://www.reddit.com/r/TeenMFA/comments/28dsi6/waywt_jun_17/ciahh9f?context=3








so im being bullied by some one on snap chat who seems to have photos of me and is sending them to other people, these other people claim to be getting photos from this 'bubbles96' and i just wanna track down who this is so i can find whos taking photos of me and stop it, can some one help find out who owns the account or some thing so i can stop the abuse.
So I was watching some videos, and realized how much I cared about this. I was bullied when I was little. I am very nice person, with a very easy going personality, what you would call a pushover, which I am. I believe peace and love is the way to go, and fighting and making arguments is a waste of time. How ever, I have been in fights, and I have stood my ground and I feel like the bulling I experienced wasn't too harsh since I am still friends with the ppl that bullied me. I had some physical altercations in which I did had to punch and hit someone, and I had some fighting skills so when ppl actually picked a fight with me, I tried my best not to fight, but if I had no options and they were on my face, I would defend myself and actually manage to pin them down and settle things down, I tried not to punch as rather I would put them on a hold and let things cool down.Now my main point is that I am concerned about people not being able to deal with it, I believe in our current culture, kids lack someone to talk to, someone to tell them that they are loved and cared for, someone who can help em and be there for them. So I just want to say that I am here for anyone that is being bullied, and if you want to talk to me leave a message or comment and I will find you. Everyone is beautiful and above all, know that I would do anything that is in between my power to make you happy. Love each other and care for each other, only  then our society can improve. You are perfect the way you are, and life is made from mistakes, we learn from them and become better persons, don't let a mistake ruin that beautiful life that you have ahead of yourself.I would like to reach more ppl, I would like to be able to go back in time and go back to my school and help anyone who was being bullied, you are never alone, and if you have strong friends that stand by you, it would be alto easier. If you know of anyone that is being bullied, stand by them, help em, be there for them and above care for them and give them support. Being alone and secluded from your peers will make things harder to deal with. Communicate and express your self, don't let ppl that try to put you down have any effect on you. Ignore them and walk away, those people are just jealous and are trying to make you feel the same way they feel, miserable and alone. Things will get better, and I want to try to help you, don't let my plea fall in deaf ears.
The Second Step Anti-Bullying Program is a research proven program that promotes children's social and academic success through a variety of experiential learning modules and lessons. "After one year, sixth-graders in schools that implemented the Second Step program were 42 percent less likely to say they were involved in physical aggression compared to sixth-graders in schools that did not implement the program"Espelage, D. L., Low, S., Polanin, J. R., & Brown, E. C. (2013). The impact of a middle school program to reduce aggression, victimization, and sexual violence. Journal of Adolescent Health, 53(2), 180­-186. This may not be the place but I will stop at nothing to get my community and children the resources and tools they need for a healthy and brighter future. Please consider donating to my campaign https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/anti-bullying-and-self-advocacy-program-for-the-boys-girls-club-of-santa-cruz/x/7823512?show_todos=true#homeIf this was not the forum, I apologize and will be more than happy to repost it elsewhere. 



I’ve written a children’s book about one of the most heroic acts of courage I’ve ever witnessed, and how similar acts of heroism can wipe out bullying from our schools.  When I was in fourth grade, I was bullied on a daily basis.  Like most bullied children, I felt deep shame about what I was going through because on some level I thought I deserved it.  Otherwise, why would it be happening to me?  And if it was wrong, why would everyone else go along with it?One day, when things looked particularly hopeless, Stella stood up for me.  She told everyone within earshot that I was her friend, and that the way I was being treated was wrong.And then something miraculous happened.  The bullying stopped.  Completely.I want to encourage children today to stand up for one another the way Stella stood up for me, because it truly does make a difference.  I'm crowd funding the book - check it out at:https://www.inkshares.com/projects/stella-the-brave You can help get the book published by contributing to the campaign!Please ask me any questions you may have about the story here!  I'd love to engage you in the ideas behind the story!



to those of us who get a bunch of it over a long period of time. in different situations and circumstances.to those of us who people can't fucking leave alone because there's some sort of invisible target that we can't get off our backs.we'll find each other. it's going to be okay. all of us are going to be okay and we're going to survive this.i know it feels like no one is on your side because all avenues of help keep dismissing and ignoring you (Yeah, that's real, you're not imagining it.)i'm not going to tell you not to let it bother you because it is extremely disturbing and bothersome, the fact that it's happening.let it bother you and cope that way, from that. let it bother you. we'll find each other and i don't necessarily mean you and me, but those of us who have had our own personal battlefield for god knows how long because it keeps happening -we'll survive it. and we'll find each other. just know there are people who know, and it's not you. you're not crazy.I understand the urge to completely lose your shit (shoot up your school, maybe? assault someone?) and i know no one's listening to you right now, but just know that there are others of us, and we know, and we hear you. just try to hold on.


I am clumsy, inattentive, and a bit hyperactive. Not very good for homework, which I was terrible at, still am. I had a really bitchy english teacher for all of middle school. I had here all three years because it was a Catholic school. She would say which assignments people were missing, in the front of class, for everyone to hear. Me, being my inattentive self forgot a lot of them. After a while, I became the butt of jokes about forgetting stuff. I took that shit for two years. Two fucking years before I finally broke down, then the guys that were doing it were saying that they didn't do anything wrong. Even she was in on it. She made those jokes. I began to doubt myself. I began to think I was stupid. I loathed going to school there. I couldn't take being the butt of jokes. I couldn't take being humiliated by my own teacher, who is suppose to care about their students, not humiliate them. I wish I could have spoken up. I wish I could have stood up for myself. But, being in the bubble for years, I didn't know any different.I am now a freshman in highschool going to public school now. My grades aren't stellar, but I am making strides with my confidence and self-esteem, but I wish it were better. I still have periods of self-loathing, thinking I'm too inattentive to do anything. I try to talk myself out of them, and it usually works.EDIT: My mom is the 8th grade religion teacher there now, and that same teacher sometimes says some rude things to her. She also has had a hard life, raising her two, not very bright daughters, by herself because she got a divorce. I think she is still a bit bitter from it.











Hi there! I am new to the whole Reddit thing so this might be a bit sloppy. So, here's my story. I go to a Catholic Elementary and Middle school and I am currently finishing up the Eighth Grade. I am sorta' new, since I transferred to the school in 6th Grade. I made a lot of friends there and it was really sweet. So, about three or four years have passed, (don't really remember), and everything is still really cool, until recently. I have a friend, let's just call him Rick for his sake, who has been a little bit on the 'bully-ish' side. We both share the same interest's, (gaming, TV shows, etc.). So, one day I was asking him a question while walking to class. He did not answer, so I asked again 10 seconds later. Mind you, he was not doing anything or talking to anyone. I asked three times until we got to class. I asked a fourth time, when at this point he screamed at me the answer. I told him, "You know, you could have just told me the answer the first time I asked you so you wouldn't have to yell at me. He then responded to me with a sarcastic, "Sure (my name here). Pfft." And he has continued to do things like this since. So what do you all think? Plain jerk or the beginning of bullying?Thanks guys!-Will_I_Am

Sumoboy is the world's first full-scale anti-bullying video game.Hi, I'm Henry Walsh the Lead Designer for the Sumoboy project. We have been getting a lot of press recently for our project... Mostly gaming magazines like Kotaku, Indie Game Magazine, GameRanx, and many others...Supported by our partner Angel's Goal (a large anti-bullying organization) we are doing whatever we can to help stop bullying.Some articles on us:http://www.cnet.com/news/sumoboy-the-game-that-takes-aim-at-bullying/http://www.lazygamer.net/general-news/fight-bullying-with-sumoboy/http://www.hardcoregamer.com/2014/05/22/anti-bullying-rpg-sumoboy-listed-on-kickstarter/85898/http://kotaku.com/mean-kids-become-demonic-in-beautiful-anti-bullying-rp-1579673359We can't do this though without help...We have a kickstarter, which can be found here:https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/sumoboythegame/sumoboyPlease support our efforts to stand up against bullying.Thank you for your time.
So, there are a group of guys in my class, and one of them is vietnamese, so he likes to teach them inappropriate vietnamese words. Lately, they realized that the teacher doesn't know what they are saying, so they started saying this word "du ma" which means "fuck your mother" in english. It really ticks me off that jerks get away with things like that.

Last week after school I was working on a cardboard boat for our schools cardboard boat race. I have been being harrrases by people because i have relatively long hair for a boy and I paint my nails sometimes. Tyey threatened to cut off my hair with razor blades and proceeded to chase me around school property with razorblades in their hands. I went to the school about it and they did nnothing besides tell the people to apoligize to me they did not apoligize to me. They said that i took it the wrong way and that they were joking and just wanted to make sure we were "cool". My only response was whatever and they left. I am severely angry right now and question going to school and have no energy in the afternoon to study for finals. By the way I am in Highschool. I go to a private school and got suspended for a day when i said fuck you to a teacher making snide comments about gay people and misogynistic remarks like Shakira is only good for her body. I feel like the school is doing nothing to help me because I am different. I am just wondering what other people think. Please help me.Steve




To keep this simple: I was bullied a lot at a young age. It eventually stopped but it has stuck with me ever since then. I have a lot of trouble confronting people and developed depression and extreme social anxiety in high school that led to me avoiding college and work after school. I have a lot of trouble concentrating as well.When people are mean to me I just fall apart. Something as simple as playing a game and someone becoming very harsh towards me results in me feeling overwhelmed and almost like I'm about to cry. I just stop functioning entirely and will say yes and agree with anything they say and apologize or get defiant, but the point is it gets to me so much that I just am no longer functioning in a normal way. I also get violent if it comes to that. If my dad was to yell at me I am instantly on the verge of tears and have an emotional breakdown.I was just wondering if anyone else has had this kind of reaction and whether or not you overcame it, and how. I just want to try and fix this.













Maybe there is stuff out there, but as a casual observer, I have not seen much that teaches student appropriate ways in dealing with bullying.

I'm in my late 20s. I'm still getting bullied. I'll enter an environment and not expect for something to happen  but daaaamn. I've tried everything. Don't give them an audience. Stand up for myself. Don't stand up for myself- ignore it. Try to kill myself. Try to eliminate my weaknesses. Everything. And it literally happens in every situation I ever find myself in. I'm weary. Input- ONLY from people who have been seriously bullied- what the hell do I do?


I just read something very disturbing that provoked this..There was a pic on imgur about an attacked high school girl because of her cosplay costume. I cannot stop but wondering if this is a really big problem in the USA!I come from the Balkans (Southeast Europe), and I never was the popular girl in school, but I was never ever bullied. Yes, there are problems here too among students, but not in that extend. There is bullying, there are insults and abuses, but I think there is a great difference when it comes to this in Europe and USA. What do you think of this? Why is there a huge disparity? Maybe i'm wrong, so i need some american redditors to discuss about this.  



A friend of mine just wrote a children's book, a cartoon about kids who love basketball. In this first book of his series, one of the characters is constantly being bullied and whatnot. Anyway, my friend asked me to help him find bullying organizations that would be interested in this book. If you guys could let me know about any websites that would be so helpful. Thanks!
I've told my parents and the authorities. What should I do next?

http://quoteszilla.com/bullying-quotes/
I produced [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nXMGhiy7S4s) at my work for an anti-bullying rally in Massachusetts. We used an existing live version of "Brave" and edited in our story. I hope you all enjoy it.




It's been a while in the making, but it's finally up and running and thought i'd be shooting myself in the foot if i didn't put it onto Reddit. On 11th June, BeatBullying will stage the biggest fight against bullying that Europe has ever seen. Hundreds of thousands of people will march across global websites to help put an end to bullying and deliver our e-petition to the European Commission.



So I'm a junior in highschool and I just want to graduate.. but I always think about this bully I had in middleschool and parts of highschool. He used to always call me names like "fag" and "bitch", you know the mix.. he has also beat me up several times one time breaking my nose. I have done nothing but try to be his friend since this all started in middleschool and he has just had this disgusting grudge against me. I don't know why. I have talked to his parents which it seems just pissed him off even more. he doesn't bully me as much anymore exept for last year when he almost knocked me unconsious (and breaking my nose). I have attempted suicide a couple times because I can't seem to get over it, it sucks but I was a huge victim of bullying in middleschool and highschool.. he definitely wasn't the only one, there were tons of people who bullied me. I have had food thrown at me, I've been jumped, called names and basically felt alone a lot of these years.. anyways, this person who bullied me I want to tell him how I felt but I don't want to spew hate at him I'm just afraid to message him. I definitely can't talk to him in person.





Hiya,Just a small thing, nothing big. Playing football in the park by myself, group of 6 guys came along. I'm quite social so I was friendly with them and we joked around and played football for like 45 minutes. When I had to go, I asked to get my football back. At this point they begun the typical "piggy-in-the-middle" type of deal, and wouldn't give the ball back.I didn't respond and just waited for like 20 minutes for them to give it back.Is there anything I should have done to speed this process up? Or was waiting just the best thing I could've done?




Rant ahead... This is the second job that I had to quit because of it. The first one, however, I didn't really mind because my boss was as much of an asshole as the people who picked on me, but this second one really put me down. But what was I to do? I'm a 26-year-old man, how was I suppose to tell my female boss? It's embarrassing, it's emasculating, it's humiliating. I really liked my job, everyone there was super nice, except for him. And it started during training. He would occasionally make rude remarks about my appearance but it quickly escalated to an everyday thing. He would embarrass me with rude overweight comments in front of all my coworkers. I tried multiple times defending myself by calling him names too, but he didn't stop. I think that may have even fueled him more. Now I'm here at home and unemployed. I'd like to find another job but I'm to scared of falling victim again. What should I do? How should I deal with it should it ever happen again? I just want to work without being targeted and be happy for once. 










So im a high school senior and one of our senior projects is an anti-bullying proposal. Now I am lucky enough to go to a school where bullying is pretty rare and almost a non-issue. However, not experiencing it first hand makes it difficult for me to do an entire proposal on it. My teacher expects us to explain what bullying is,  explain how bullying can come into play with each group, how bullying is possible within families, how bullying is still an issue in adulthood, who to contact, how people can help/intervene, how you know if it is bullying, and statistics/videos.Any help would be appreciated

http://quoteszilla.com/bullying-quotes/


I have switched to a new school back in September. Since then I have been bullied really hard.First off, there's four people who bully me. I'll call them B1 through B4 to conceal their identities.So, here it goes:1. They hit me like it's their job when I get any close to them, especially B4. B2 also tries to prod me with whatever the hell he has. Did I mention I can't fight properly? I am a weakling.2. They do ___NOT___ refer to me in a way other than "pig", "piggy", "fat pig" or variations of those, until I ignore that so much that they are forced to use my name. B1 also makes pig noises at me.3. They think I'm their "slave" and should ___OBEY FUCKING EVERYTHING THEY SAY WITHOUT QUESTIONING.___ B1 is head of the class, so he's the only one I might actually obey (say, when I'm on duty).4. They think I have a thing for child porn. So, when they see me redditing on my phone, they ask things like "Oh, you still looking at your naked boys?"5. They think I'm gay. I tried to ask them what led to them thinking so (___I THINK I DID A VERY WRONG MOVE HERE___), but all I got is "You behave like a homie, piggy." 6. B2 tries to disguise himself as a friend. "Arthur! My best friend! How's it goin'?" is his greeting.7. Despite me being fluent in English (I'm Russian), B1 always says "PIGLISH NICHT UNDERSTAND" whenever I try to talk to him. Yep, that's _exactly_ what he says.8. B3 greets me like this: he slaps me on the cheek, he punches me in the stomach, then he puts a fist under my mouth while yelling "Penis!". Lately I've been responding to him by flipping him off for a greeting.9. They once created a fake profile for me on VK (it's a Russian social network similar to FB) with the status reading "Who cares about my gender when I'm not straight?". I had to tell my mother. At least we had that sorted.Worst of all, there's _ABSOLUTELY_ no way for me to get out of the school - it's the best in the city.Please help. I don't know what to do. :(
My friend has been cutting, not eating, and asking people and posting stuff on facebook like "what would you guys think if i killed myself."When she first asked me what i would think, i asked if everything is okay, she promised everything was. Late last night she cut herself and told me about it. She said she is really depressed, and cuts when people are dicks to her. And she hasnt ate in three days.What should i do to help her?Sorry about how long that was.








I started work full of enthusiasm and the promise of "miles of opportunity and to make this role my own". I had 20+ years in marketing with an extremely diverse career. Up to date with all qualifications and new methodologies - I was ready to take on the world. I met with the consultant who had my role in the interim. I did think it was strange that she didn't want the job when they offered it to her, but her reason seemed fair enough. My first clue should have been when she told me I should have brought my own computer - they had nothing for me, no desk, no computer. This I refused to do. I told them I could bring my iPad in until they got me a new computer. They agreed to this and subsequently I only had to wait a week for my new computer of which they installed pirated Microsoft office on it. The consultant spent a good week filling me in on the personalities of the office, I had determined from day 1 that she didn't accept the role as she couldn't do the role, she was all smoke and mirrors mixed with gossip. Her lack of work would come and bite me in the arse later on.In an office of 15, there were 4 couples, which meant 8 people already had their allies. I was finally given a desk by the door, squished into the office, so that everyone could see my work, my desk had no drawers or anything secure to put my belongings in, so my personals were also exposed. One bright morning, he sauntered over. 65 years of age and a late comer into the industry but he immediately thought age was a great substitute for experience and therefore automatically made him an expert.He came to me with a comic strip, it was of Joseph and Mary, and the angel was lecturing them on sprucing the place up, they had to sanitise, vaccinate, cater, charge etc for the pleasure of viewing the baby Jesus. He threw this paper on my desk and smirked "This is what you are going to do this business". I was a bit shocked, this was a bit mean first thing in the morning, especially after i gave him a breezy and cheerful "good morning". I read the comic and absorbed it. "OK" I thought, "I need to get clever about this" so I drew my own comics. The first comic was of Joseph rejecting the angel and telling him that he and Mary were happy to live on his meagre carpentry wages and live in obscurity. The second comic was to carefully manage the situation, keep Jesus safe until he was older then let him free, and let fate take it's course, so that 2014 years later people would still remember him. I sent the 3 comics back (the original included) and asked my bully to please tick which comic he thought the direction I should best take the business in. His hackles rose.My bully was one of the couple - he had a mail order bride that doted on him, coddled him, brought him bowls of Thai lunches, and when they were cold, she would go and rewarm them, if they were too hot, she would pat his back while he coughed and spluttered, then pursed her lips together to cool the lunch. She worked downstairs and he worked upstairs. "I miss her when she's not here" he said, everyone cooed over how sweet he was. I said" Well you're lucky she's just downstairs" he glared at me "We've been together for 20 years", "how lovely" I exclaimed, "My husband and I have been together for 22 years, though I would probably have killed him by now if we worked together as well" everyone laughed and commented on their own relationships - normal office banter. I was later called into the CEO's office to say that there had been a comment on my behaviour. I racked my brain trying to think what I could have possibly have done. Only to find out my bully had made a complaint about me, that I wasn't "engaging" with him and felt I wasn't respecting him - he was an artist and an expert and at no time had I asked his opinion on anything. I was never going to know the product unless I asked his opinion. I was surprised to say the least but  as I had only been there for 2 weeks I took the advice on board and endeavoured to "engage" my bully.....that's when the real trouble began. Part 2 published tomorrow.

I'm being bullied at work, and if it wasn't for the fact that my husband is ill and i don't want to put that added pressure on him - I would have walked ages ago. I'll start with today's bullying instances (note the plural). I did this amazing piece of content for my work and was really proud especially as it had just been approved by the CEO and director without changes.A colleague walked past my desk and commented on what was on my screen - said material! When I told colleague  what the piece was he went on such an immature rage I don't even know wtf? It started like this "I can't believe you've done this, I can't believe you've done this, you don't know our product at all, you've ruined our brand I"VE WORKED FOR 10 YEARS ON THIS BRAND AND YOU WILL RUIN IT IN A SECOND. Why did we hire you? You don't understand this company, you don't understand anything". I calmly told him that it was approved by the creative director "JOHN? JOHN? He is not an artist like me, he doesn't know what art is, he does not have an exhibition every year. I am an artist, I know what a good piece of work is - this is not a good piece of work"  I calmly replied that I valued his opinion and that the piece hasn't been released so he could calm down, nothing has been ruined. he responded "YET! YET! Nothing ruined yet!!!!" and he stormed out of the room. The piece in question? A small info-graphic about the awards we had won over the past 10 years!!! Stay tuned for what has happened every day for the 2 months that I've been at this hell hole!



I'm a cyber bully and I know I it. I live a split life of sorts, half behind this screen harassing, manipulating, hacking etc. On the other hand, in real life I'm shy, quiet and don't like talking to anyone. If you didn't know what I was doing behind this screen you'd think I'm a nice guy and well I try to be. I know what I'm doing is bad, and there are consequences with it. I don't know what to do.
http://geometroforum.com/topic/5417781/1/I felt this was a good discussion that may be helpful to others and may provide some perspective. 
Throwaway because this is fucked up.Backstory: A few months ago I started smoking pot, got caught, parents were cool about it but wanted me to stop. "Friends" and peers at school found out. Around that time my parents FINALLY took me out of there (I had been asking to leave for years because I hated the environment of that school and the people) and everyone except my few real friends think it was because of the pot.So I was playing some Xbox (this probably sounds like a seriously minor reason to hurt someone but this is serious) and I join a "friend's" party. He isn't there but two of his friends are. *I most definitely know them because this was a small school and they immediately asked a personal-ish question:* Are you that kid that got kicked out of -school name- for being a fag?This just ticked me off. I'm not gay and I know that the term "fag" is tossed around but the fact that somebody SO close to me but just far enough behind that computer screen to not know their name could insult me and get away with it, and neglect me telling the truth explaining why I actually left the school can even do that makes me want to KILL them. This is obviously drastic for such a small thing, and I know that I should let it go and walk away but I need some sort of closure.I'm determined to find out who this is and try talking to their parents, explaining that they need to handle their children but it is UNBELIEVABLY difficult to keep myself from chopping this jerk into a million different slices of meat.I'm a likable guy and I haven't done anything to make these people insult me and I don't deal with rude people well. Please talk me out of this urge.Thank you.
This is a video created by BeLonG To Youth Services, a group that supports LGBT young people in Ireland.[BeLonG To](http://www.belongto.org/)

I am a small youtuber and this guy from my school bullies me and he found my youtube! Ever seance that day my life has been very hard. He says stuff to me on their that is just HATE! I need help! 



Disclaimer--------------Names and locations in this story are changed, for obvious reasons.  4th Grade -------------------------A kid named Jake came to my school. Jake was an international student. His first week at school he started spreading rumors^1 about me, although I didn't lose any friends (because I had none already) it kept me from being social in the slightest. Meanwhile, he befriended me, or so I thought.  5th Grade-------------------------Jake threatened me, and made me do his school work for him. I was too afraid to tell anyone. So I did his school work, but he made sure to change it so everything was wrong. Why? Because he was close with the teachers. So, he told the teachers it was actually my work and he was just copying what I did, so the teachers thought I was stupid. Meanwhile, they gave him 100% on everything because they liked him. Luckily, at the end of the school year he moved.  6th Grade------------------------Still no friends. About a month in a kid, we'll call him Frank, starts stabbing me multiple times a week. Only with pencils, so although not good not very very very terrible. After a few weeks I started to report it daily, to the teachers and the front office. Nothing happened. Sometimes I would be stabbed in front of the teachers and still nothing. Two months later, he brings a pocket knife and threatens to stab me with it. I scream and run to the front office. I pick up the office phone and immediately call 911. Police come. This was on a Friday.  His Grandpa was (maybe still is) head of the local school board^2, and his mother is the regional manager^3 for the main internet provider in our area, so they have power. Especially since we live in one of the capitols of the United States. Now this capitol city happens to also have a very large server center in it, which relies on that particular internet provider, so she could shut down a lot of stuff, including a few entire companies that rely on this particular server center. Let's say we're in Seattle, Washington, just because (but we're not, I'm changing locations okay?).  So, due to his families power, he has juvy^4, just over the weekend, and is not suspended from school whatsoever. He comes back and starts stabbing me with the pocket knife day after day, and now the police won't do anything.7th Grade---------------------------Stabbing still happening. But let's jump to winter break shall we? Although not particular bullying, this still has to deal with the story so I feel like I can include it. I was raped. By who, I have no idea. I couldn't report it because it was a guy and I'm a guy. My family would kick me out for having sexual relations with another guy, even though it wasn't by choice. And I had no where to go. After winter break stabbing continues.8th Grade-------------------------Stabbing continues. Now by a group of people.August Freshman Year-------------------------Stabbing stops. I no longer see any of the group of people who would stab me. Regardless, I couldn't make any friends due to depression. In fact, all throughout my life I had NEVER had any friends. Now I get a bit religious, sorry if you don't like that, however it is part of the story and you can receive help in the same way, just not in a religious setting, because it was kind actions that helped me while in a religious setting.  I didn't believe in God, my thoughts were 'Why would this happen to anybody? Not one person deserves to be stabbed for years, not one person deserves to be stabbed once. And no one deserves to be raped, ever. So why is God letting this happen?'  Now this is when I was about to kill myself the first time. I felt so alone because I hadn't had any friends in my life up until this point. I had a day planned (August 22nd, 2012), the way planned, and there would be none of my family home to call 911 if they saw. When I was raped I stopped trying to be social in any way, and (still) freak out in every social situation I am in. (I'll sometimes just start crying like crazy and everyone thinks I'm a weird person. Sometimes when crying I'll start shaking uncontrollably for a few minutes, kind of like a seizure^5. Usually though my body will just back away without me noticing, to get me away from whoever is around.)  Well, either way, I decided to go to Youth Group that night (but was planning on killing myself afterwards) to a church somewhat far from my school, so the chances of seeing anyone that could talk about me was slim. There is this walk way up to a grass field at this youth group. While walking up the walkway I, for some reason, decided to pray "God, if you really do exist. If you really are out there. Please, tonight show me a reason to not kill myself. Show me that people will care about those that are alone. Please, just show me something before I die tonight".   Then, two people (two very good friends of mine to this day) whom we'll call Jamie and Lucy, came up to me and forced me to talk to them, and made it so I couldn't run away from them. They wouldn't leave me alone. Now, this may seem bad, but by making me talk to them they showed me they cared about me even though they just met me and I was afraid.  So, that night I decided against killing myself, and tried to make a few more friends. The next day at high school I made one friend. A senior. We'll call her Emma. But her friends were mean to me.  Mid Freshman Year--------------------------Regardless, she made me go to the homecoming game (I'm not into sports) so I could get to know her friends that had already graduated. Although I never talked to them again, this convinced me completely that she was a good person that I could trust.   March Freshman Year---------------------------Many people are now bullying me at high school. I text Emma asking her for advice on how to deal with the bullying. She tells me some stuff and that I should go see the school counselor she sees, and she says she'll set me up an appointment that would happen the next day. I beg her not to, and she promises she won't. She did anyways, although she denies it still (which now that I look at the date is exactly 1 year later :o). Although I begged her not to and I was planning on committing suicide the night I texted her, when I asked her not to I was secretly hoping she would.   That's what kept me from committing suicide the second time.   Hope.  Hope that I could finally have a counselor to talk to because I couldn't go to a therapist.  May Freshman Year---------------------------I finally tell Emma that she kept me from killing myself by making me see the counselor. She talks to me about how I am not allowed to feel like ending my life would be a good idea ever again, because I wouldn't have her to help me or anything since she was graduating.  June 2013------------------------I get back in contact with Lucy and tell her that she saved my life on August 22nd, and how, giving her the story above.  October 2013-----------------------I get back in contact with Jamie and tell her that she saved my life on August 22nd, and how, giving her the story above.  December 2013----------------I attend a weekend camp with Lucy and she makes me meet two of her friends that are also there, and then I finally get a decent group of close friends I can rely on.  Moral-------------------------Never let anyone feel alone. Never let anyone feel something is wrong with them. Every single moment could be the moment that decides if they are to commit suicide or not.Definitions----------^1: False information about a person/corporation meant to hurt reputation  ^2: Dictates final decisions made throughout all the schools the board oversees.  ^3: In charge of the specified area  ^4: Detention centers for minors who have broken the law. Prison, but for youth, pretty much.  ^5: a violent shaking of the body or limbs caused by uncontrollable muscle contractions

My friends and I have been having trouble with this teacher as of late. She has kicked s out of the place where we usually sit during our free periods and if she sees us elsewhere during the same periods she makes us leave even if we are sitting quietly away from any class rooms. These occurrences have been getting more frequent and now she chooses to approach us unasked and provoke various people in the group until someone said something stupid like "fuck off" and then she tells the administrators that we approached her and started the incident. Today a friend and I saw a group of people sitting in the place where the teacher originally banned us from. We asked them if the teacher had come out and yelled at them like she had done to us. Without being addressed, the teacher walked over to my friend and I. She began lecturing us and after my friend walked away she continued to yell at me. When she was through I rejoined my friend in the room we had just left and after a moment the teacher came int the room and told me to go with her to her office where she continued to yell at me alone. She wouldn't let me speak and when she was finished, she wouldn't give me a pass to the class she had made me late to. I feel that if I take this to any other teacher or the principal I won't be believed or if they talk to her about it she will talk her way out of it. I feel that if it's her word against mine she will win and I will look like a fool. What should I do?
Dear redditors,19th of April is the annual Dutch Anti-Bullying day. My goal for that day is to raise awareness at my local high school, which i attend. I want to do this by putting a motivational/moving or encouraging quote on every locker. There are about 2000 lockers and I want to have about 100 different quotes.It can be a quote that says ''You make my day because x'' or ''Keep your head up, you are loved''. I also want to put a quote on every classroom door, to raise awareness that even teachers are bullied. Could you think of some quotes which have to do with respect for teachers and their jobs? 





Hi, I used to be really good friends with this guy and I still consider him awesome. The thing is everything about him aggravates me and makes me want to insult him. I'll say "Oreo" and he'll repeat it for no reason but pronouncing it in the most retarded way(sorry for the R-word, I say it alot) like "Orrieooe". I simply cant stand this kid but I know he is better than me and makes a good friend. Have any advice?
I thought this place would be the best to ask, I'm looking for the more in depth articles about the psychological effects of bullying, along with the causes of bullying, perhaps also a few stories. A quick google search wasn't really enough for me.
HEY INTERNET!! I am editing a music video for my school's Anti Bullying Committee and I would love your input. We are making a video to spread a message that 'the bullies were wrong about us'. I need people to film themselves, lasting maybe 15-20 seconds, holding a sign up saying something bullies said about them then half way through flip the sign over to reveal something great you have achieved, proving them wrong. Videos don't need to be anything fancy, it can be simply you using a webcam. If you can help out, either post it here, send me a message with the video or a link to it. Thanks for your help!



*^Warning, ^big ^wall ^of ^text. ^(Apologies if I'm in the wrong sub, I have nowhere else to go)*Let me start by stating that even though I'm visibly physically handicapped, this has nothing to do with it and I've never been bullied before...A bit more of context: I'm a Central-American currently living and schooled in France, so I'm talking about French kids in my little sob-story...Now, here's the thing, in my school like it is with the rest of France, we have to do a year-long group project in groups of 2, 3, or 4, of a subject of our choice that we then present with a written report along with a oral presentation. Simple stuff, at the beginning of the year, a group of three looking for a fourth that had bailed out recently even approached me to join their group and I couldn't be happier.I was never so wrongThe group is composed of two males, one being me, the other H, and two females, M and J. M and J are life-long friends and never separate, always take each other's side, etc... M, independent of J, has a reputation for being snobby and condescendent, but I always liked her and never had a problem with her even though she had accused me and H of not working to the "principal" (don't know the equivalent in English but a principal at a high school level), even though we were the only ones that had done any sort of work while her and J were busy speaking of where they were going to ski next holidays... (2 week holidays from mid-February to 6 March)Now, for reasons unknown and the poor self-proclaimed ^(initially a joke) *leadership* of M, we ended up doing our project two weeks before, which was still largely sufficient for what we were going to do. We organised what we were to do, I was given a slightly smaller part (initial suspicion) but that enough to write about. The actual story starts at the beginning of those holidays where the first week, H and I worked like madmen on our parts, being both passionate and stressed about the subject. At the end of that week, on Sunday at 1 am, I finished my 2100 word essay I'd done extensive research on for the whole week, cancelling every single request to go out or anything or sorts. I even had to call off a plan my parents had to go ski as I had to work. However, in the mean while, M and J were off somewhere in the French countryside or in the mountain, having fun and leaving our parts to us. This was not something I had much of a problem with, I assumed they'd do their part eventually, but it was annoying nevertheless that me and H were stuck home working while they told us specifically not to go on holidays to work on that (specially M). But things shifted quickly with the coming of the new week; my parents forced me to go on a week long ski trip unannounced. I hadn't been ready to go, I took nothing with me (my phone was uncharged, I was told there would be no internet, I really had no idea), so naturally, M and J saw this as a chance to blame me of not doing my work and decided to **complete** my part and integrate it into theirs, something that shouldn't have been possible if work was correctly distributed, IMHO...When I arrived Saturday night at 12 in the morning after 6 hours of a road trip, I went straight to the computer to send what I had, I knew I'd fucked up but I couldn't do anything... When I opened my computer, when I turned on my phone, I discover 14 notifications, 5 messages, most being walls of text of how awful of a person I am for lying to them because I'd supposedly *seen* the messages they sent me (I must've left my computer on and Facebook interpreted this as a *seen* message.) Initially, though, I understood their anger but I dared not read the messages, However, things have shifted into their involvement in my personal life and personal feelingsWhen I put my documents, they naturally accused me of being a liar, going back to a time I couldn't print a few images a few months back in another project (where they naturally didn't believe the lack ink in my printer ^(yes, I'm aware this and all of it sounds like excuses and excuses but bear with me, I assure you it's true)), how I didn't actually go on holiday, that my work was full of mistakes, even though I proofread it and found almost none with my broken French (only 4 years of learning it compared to their first language level of French), etc... Eventually, school came, M and J hated me, blah blah, I'm still not even into the bullying part yet. The bullying comes online, when I'm asked to do an introductory paragraph. Seeing as I don't wish to worsen things up, I don't hesitate to do it. Of course, while I was eating my dinner, I discover I'm being harassed by J for not being on Facebook, for not being *reachable*. The worse comes today, my own mother's birthday, when I was asked to do the conclusion. My parents had to cancel a reservation to a restaurant so I could do this. So naturally, I also did it, same as the introduction, but at about 3/4 through, M comes threatening me to post it, to post what I have. Naturally again, I do, I post an almost-finished conclusion to which J screams out that I was a lazy bum (in all caps and a greater, untranslatable version in French), which was the first struck to the inner... *me*. M responds by actually stating she loves that comment. Other incidences like that are present, like where J accuses all my statements, all my "excuses" to be lies, M agreeing and actually saying so, them harassing me all night that I do my work, telling me to redo it because it's *bourré de fautes* (which, again, is false). If you've reached until here, I thank you as you already cared enough to read through my foolishness, but although I don't seem like it, I'm in despair. Am I overreacting? Am I a fool to believe that I'm a victim of bullying? Are M and J are completely right? The story they are giving in is that I was absent all week and that **they** worked on the two weeks including H because he was the only one to actually have stayed all the holiday.Or am I right to feel in such a way? Never in my life have I felt such a feeling of defencelessness or weakness, of someone "throwing their full power against me and using it to bring me down" I can normally be defensive against my arguments but I find no will in defending myself in this case... Am I being bullied?I wholeheartedly thank you in advance for any and all advice 


