###New thread as the first ~~three~~ four have been archived.You should check out [**Erowid**](https://www.erowid.org/psychoactives/psychoactives.shtml), our Wiki pages on [**common drugs**](/r/Drugs/wiki/drugs) and the [**drug knowledgebase**](/r/Drugs/wiki/knowledgebase) as well as reddits search feature to check if your question hasn't been asked and answered already.Also take a look at the [**/r/Drugs FAQs**](/r/Drugs/wiki/faq), the psychedelics FAQs below and our [**list of drug related subreddits**](/r/Drugs/wiki/subreddits).* [**Erowid's psychedelics FAQ**](https://www.erowid.org/psychoactives/faqs/psychedelic_experience_faq.shtml)* [**/r/Drugs' psychedelics FAQ**](/r/Drugs/102pkr)---Here's a copy of the subreddit [**rules**](/r/Drugs/wiki/rules):**You get one warning about these first two rules, further violations lead to temporary or permanent restrictions. The overwhelming majority of our audience is polite, intelligent and follows the rules, we have no need for those who do not.*** Strictly no requesting, mentioning or giving sources for drugs or paraphernalia, whether legal or illegal. If in doubt, don't. * This does not include harm reduction related paraphernalia such as scales, reagent tests, syringes and micron filters.* Keep discussion civil, even if you are being baited. You will get through to someone far better if you remain polite and don't have them raise their defenses.**Breaking the following rules will not result in warnings but infracting posts will be informed and redirected.*** We reserve the right to remove any self-post that we think is meant for karma whoring (in response to the latest decisions by the reddit admins).* We cannot reliably identify drugs from photos or descriptions and attempting to do so is irresponsible. Substance IDs are therefore not permitted.* To ID a mushroom online, one needs a location, a picture of the stem, cap, gills, overall and a spore print too, ideally. We don't have the expertise though, so all such posts will be sent to **/r/shrooms** or **/r/shroomers**.* No questions about drug testing, check out [**this database**](http://www.passyourdrugtest.com/timetable.htm) instead.* We do not allow discussions about buying drugs on the internet, as well as linking to subreddits focused on the purchase of drugs, regardless of their legal status (this also includes research chemicals and nootropics), as this very often acts as a catalyst for sourcing and soliciting.Pictures and videos must follow the rules below and have to be submitted in a [**self post**](/r/Drugs/submit?selftext=true).* Drug photos should be posted in **/r/DrugStashes** or **/r/drugsarebeautiful**. * Drug art should be posted in **/r/heavymind**, **/r/trippy** or **/r/DrugArt**.* Memes, gifs, jokes, MFW posts etc should be posted in **/r/drugmemes**.* All addiction and recovery blog posts should be posted in **/r/addiction**, **/r/leaves**, **/r/redditorsinrecovery** or other addiction related subreddits. * Questions should be posted in **/r/Drugs** instead of **/r/DrugNerds**. For very advanced questions, you can also check out **/r/AskDrugNerds**.* Pictures of dilated pupils or people on drugs should be posted in **/r/dilatedpupils**.* Music should be posted in **/r/gethightothis**, **/r/lucymusic** or **/r/mdmazingmusic**.Pictures are steered away from **/r/drugs** because they are very easily upvoted in preference to posts which require a bit more thought to process. This results in the frontpage being almost entirely pictures and a total loss of quality content. Images have their merit sometimes, so where there is scope for good discussion, they may be permitted.If you have a question about using a drug for the first time, you should make it very clear that you have read the [**relevant resources**](/r/Drugs/wiki/drugs) and were unable to find answers, otherwise your post will be removed.We rely on the vigilance of the community to keep out poor quality content. If you see something unsuitable, report it. This simply brings it to our attention so that we can comment, remove or take any other action.**TL;DR, don't post the things in bullet points.**For any unanswered subreddit management related questions or rule clarifications, please [**message the moderators**](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/Drugs).---Have a great time everyone and stay safe!


Was in class and was thinking about what it would be like to be on a certain drug while reading a book and it sparked the question and got me curious. So i ask whats your favorite drug activity with what drug?EDIT: Never tried acid before but from the way people talk about it, it seems like anything is fun as long as you are on acid lol might have to consider.EDIT2: Wow second post ever and this kind of blew up (to me at least). I like seeing everyone having a normal discussion and sharing their experiences like this its great and interesting. Thanks.

I dropped 2 tabs of lsd and had nothing really planned except to chill outside and take a walk by the river  so I decided to record my "important at the time" thoughts as the day went onDeck tile should be safari themedPilots license is a mustThe reason lil dicky is popular he's something he shouldn't be but just is in himself and how he embraces it Unapologetic Lsd is just another experience you can experience similar effects from other life experiences Everyone should live like a dog for a dayThe fact that I have to pay more for an unprocessed almond compared to a different one is bullshitThe fact that I like the processed one more is even more bullshitEveryone should experience a different perception through whatever way possibleYou are in a lot more control of your life than you realizeYou should seek out as many different experiences good or badLife is a constant effortWe are so primal or advanced I can't tell yetWe fucked up earth because there is no more survival of the fittest I can't tell if my dog would come back or not if I let him off the leash I feel like parents feel the same wayOur food is appallingPeople who offer everything they can to the world are the most successful I am nothing but a monkey (this happened while looking in a mirror and watching my face transform)
I've seen a few posts discussing Adderall, and it's been kind of my thing for most of my life, so I thought I'd write a little guide on using it without losing your shit, getting a massive tolerance, or making people hate you.I don't have to tell yall fucks about the good parts, so I'm going to go through the bad stuff, how to get diagnosed, and how to get your prescription changed.**Dosage*** Adderall comes in 2 forms: ER/XR(Extended release) and IR (Instant release). 10mg IR = 20mg XR in intensity, but for about half the time.* 10mg XR is a great dose for someone trying to study or take a test. Too much higher, and you're risking hyper focus(which will hurt you)* Move up in 10mg (XR) increments as you get tolerance. This is enough to renew the effects, but not enough to spin you out.**Habit Maintenance*** **Pick 2 days a week(generally the weekend) where you do not take Adderall, or take a much lower dose** - Otherwise the required dose runs up pretty quick, and soon you'll find yourself with a habit but none of the benefits. Your dose will still rise doing this, but much slower.* **Do not fucking binge.** It's shit for your body your tolerance will go through the roof. And everyone will hate you after 2 days of not sleeping. And your work quality will decline significantly while you're not sleeping.**The Bad, the Bad, and the Ugly*** **Hyper Focus** - You want to focus, right? That's the point right? No. When doing something(say, an exam) pick a dose you're comfortable with. A sudden spike and you'll fall into the hyper focus trap. An early issue or problem will sit in the background of your mind, eating away at you, leaving you unable to move forward.* **You're a fucking asshole** - It's true. Take too high a dose, and you will find yourself being an ass. Shorter tolerance for bullshit, inability to shift your focus to what someone wants you to hear, an almost robot like apathy for the world around you. If you're gonna make this a habit, I highly recommend an occasional psychadelic dose to bring you back to the idea that people are not robots. For me(personally) this line is 40mg XR/day. I had good luck cutting down to 20mg for several years, then adding a 10mg IR during the day so it wears off before my girlfriend gets home.* **Breaking your Concentration has a Price** - Switching from one task to another is very difficult on Adderall. Avoid multitasking, and set yourself up with as few interruptions as possible. If you're required to break concentration it will take a considerable amount of time to get back in the groove of things.* **Penis Things** - You can wank like a machine, but Adderall is a strong Vasoconstrictor. That means extended use will make you a little less reliable down there... especially if you combine it with other vasoconstrictors. Sounds like not a big deal? But Tobacco and Caffeine are also vasoconstrictors. Pick one, two tops. Keep your friend between your legs happy.* **Vagina Things** - Adderall fucking annihilates your mucous membranes. What's that mean for ladies? It means your vagina is significantly more likely to have tearing, but also is unlikely to produce natural lubricant in sufficient quantities. Consume water, stockpile lube.**Making the Most of Your Amphetamines*** **Eat Well** - Just because you don't want to eat doesn't mean your body doesn't need non-amphetamine fuel.* **Be Doing Whatever you want to do when you take the pill** - Adderall is a firm believer in Newton's laws of hyper focus(An adderall user in motion will stay in motion...but only in one direction). Whatever you're doing when the pill hits is likely what you're going to be doing until it wears off. Want to write an essay? Start *before* you take the fucking pill. **DO NOT BE MASTURBATING WHEN IT HITS**. This is a black hole you cannot recover from.* **Space Out Your Doses** - If you are going to combo XR/IR, take the IR once the peak of XR is a distant memory. The crash from IR is a bitch and a half and if you take it too early and you're not mainlining caffeine you're going to end up passed out at 7pm.* **Snorting XR effectively makes it IR** - Grind up the beads inside the XR pill under a whiskey glass and on top of a piece of paper. The rate that those beads dissolve at is what makes XR e(x)tended release. It will work for 1/2 the time but at double the strength.**Getting Diagnosed** - It's not that hard, but I'm going to lay out some key ideas to hit on that will scream "this dude/dudette needs Adderall* You start things but have trouble finishing them* When you do finish things you often forget to turn it or lose it.* You create elaborate organizational systems, but for something specific - IE your spice rack is alphabetized and sorted by date(second order sorting) but your floor is a fucking shit show.* You're often late - Generally because you forgot something in your apartment or lost something.**Strategic Pill Complaints** - Because ain't no one want Stratera.* **If You Want Adderall IR/ER and not XR** - Complain that you're having trouble sleeping. XR will keep you awake even after it's worn off, and most people will just switch you to IR, which involves a lot more control of when you're "up". Highly recommended if you're planning on only occasional use. IR is also *way, way cheaper* than XR, even without insurance(< $40).* **Fuck, they Prescribed me Straterra**  - Say you only want to take medication occasionally. Straterra doesn't work if you skip day, and the only way to allow you to skip is to give you a stimulant ADD medication (Ritalin, Adderall, etc). Straterra takes *weeks* to build up in your system.* **Fuck, I got Prescribed Vyvanse** - You're "pretty sure" your insurance only covers generics. There is no generic Vyvanse.* **Fuck, I hate Ritalin** - It's upsetting your stomach, or just not working. This is a harder switch to get done. * **The Shortcut** - After your psych eval has aged a bit, go to a doctor and say you moved to town a month or so ago, and had an adderall script. You don't have med records, you do have your psych eval. My last doctor didn't even ask for my psych eval or records. He just shrugged and wrote it.**Miscellaneous Protips*** If you actually need adderall, I highly recommend getting a pill canister off of Amazon that has a timer cap. When you're groggy in the morning it's stupid hard to remember if you took it.* When you're dosing yourself down on the previously mentioned 2-3 days, pour some of the beads into a jar(assuming you're on XR). When your friends want it(and they will) you can just give them the beads in a parachute without cutting into your daily supply.Feel free to add things :-)
College freshman here, Electrical engineering major. I have been taking 30mg Adderall once a month to study for my calculus tests. Should i take any precautions to protect my tolerance/cognitive memory functions?Will dosing this infrequently have any tolerance build up?Also, would it be okay to take a 20mg adderall back to back over the course of 2 days? - This would be a one-time event.

I live in the US so it's impossible to come by unless you visit an onion patch. I got some and wow, I feel like a 100% newly energized motivated person even days after use. I'm getting some more, and honestly I wish I could do this stuff every day. I've done DXM 10-15 times the past year and I love DXM - it gives me this blissful spaced out disassociated euphoria, Ket is very similar. The only thing I don't like is how short it lasts. I also don't want a fucked up bladder or to have perma-tolerance but damn....I keep hearing the Kitten call my name.I also fully believe everyone has their natural drug of choice - everyone reacts to the same drug differently. For some people, Opiates will instantly click, for others Benzos, for others Alcohol, for me it's definitely Dissos. Every single Disso I've ever tried I've loved. Don't get me wrong, I like alcohol in the right setting, I like psychedelics, opiates/benzos are meh and more for an anxiety attack so I don't use them very often. But God Damn, Ketamine clicks with my brain in a way nothing else has.
Hi, I'm a 17 year old high school senior and I never post on reddit, only lurk. I had a very traumatizing experience this weekend and I felt this was the best place to post it, as a cautionary tale to all drug users for respecting your body, and the substances we put in them.A little backstory. I sell weed in high school and have the excess income to experiment with a lot of different substances. I've been abusing certain drugs for around 6 months. Smoking an ounce of weed a weekend, taking acid every other week, and have been buying 8 balls of yay every month consistently for parties. This past Friday, I did a fair amount of cocaine (around a gram and a half) at a party that I purchased two days earlier, and it shut down a few hours in because a girl I was friends with got alcohol poisoning. I went home with a few of my friends a little shaken up thinking this girl might've died. Disappointed as to how our night went, a few of us decided to take a few tabs and have some fun as we go through the rest of the coke together and smoke a bit of weed. (around midnight) I took three 220ug, and the trip was going fine until my mother calls me at 4:30 in the morning (unknowing of substances we were on) from across the house that my dad was having a MS attack. I run up to help my dad who looks like he's having a seizure, with two bottles of water to help him calm down. I  then go into a state of shock, triggering a terrible part of my trip. I thought my father had died, I thought my friend died, and I thought I was dying. (my father ended up being totally ok after the attack) My mom didn't know what to do, not knowing any of the substances I was on and thought I was having a medical emergency. I then told her I had taken LSD because I didn't know what was going on. I felt as if I was experiencing ego death, and she rushed me and one of my sober friends to the hospital. I was being very combative and unresponsive, fighting my friend in the car and almost jumping out of the car. When we get to the hospital, The doctors make my mom and my friend hold me down as I get a catheter attached (it hurt like a montherfucker) and they sedate me with Haldol. As the drugs were affecting me I thought I was about to die, my mom screaming "Don't leave, please dont leave me." I wake up 6 hours later in the hospital not knowing anything that happened. The doctor came in and told me and my mom that they preformed a drug test on me, and said that they found large quantities of cocaine, speed (which the yay was laced with im pretty sure) and weed in my system, and that my heart rate was so out of wack from the drugs that I could have had a heart attack at any moment that night. Me and my mom went home that morning in shock, not knowing how to handle the whole situation. She thought that I just smoke pot with my friends once and a while and my drug use was big news to her. I'm going to start going to a drug therapist to try and kick my drug habits.  I vow to never touch coke ever again, and I'm going to wait a very long time before doing LSD. I wanted to share this story because I feel that I forgot the dangers of the substances I was putting in my body and I thought I was invincible to all the hazards these chemicals can have to you. I feel terrible that I put my family and friends through this experience and I don't want it to ever happen again, and I want to thank my amazing parents for helping me and being reasonably understanding of this whole experience and I couldn't ask for a better mom and dad. I now am assured that these are things that I shouldn't fuck with at such a young age, it was rash, stupid, and selfish. It put into perspective how precious life is and how one wrong decision can put you in a life or death scenario. I wanted to share this specifically on /r/drugs as a cautionary tale because I don't want kids my age, or anyone, to make the same mistakes I did and end up in the same scenario.I'm not telling people to not do drugs, but I think we all just need a reminder and sort of a wake up call to stay safe and responsible with substance use, unlike I was. If I can inform some other random kid across the world and save his/her life that's all I care about. Thank you for reading, and please stay safe everyone.
Not caffeine. I refer specifically to caffeine as it is brewed and consumed in coffee. Sure, I've tripped more times than I've taken a piss. Yeah, I've rolled and huffed and snorted my way through the entire catalog of Drugs R Us. But nothing compares to the simple satisfaction of coffee. It's got more ritual to it than anything else, it's by FAR the best tasting drug to consume, and it's a nootropic just to put icing on the cake.I mean how many times has coffee saved my ass during study, work, exercise, you name it? A lot of fucking times, that's how many. It's fucking effective too. You know when you take that first sip and feel it hit you, and it feels like a bunch of coffee bean dicks jizzing their magic into your bloodstream? Good god.I'm drinking some fucking bomb ass coffee as I write this. And once I finish this fucking shitpost, I'm gonna go write an entire fucking research paper because I feel like goddamn superman right about now.I'm out this bitch. Peace. Drink more coffee.
Got caught with what the school says was an oz and a half, even though I had only about a half and a few more grams (how do I dispute this) and also a scale. Had a meeting with the Director of Conduct and told her everything she wanted to know. She said she would need a day to think things over, and I am meeting her tomorrow. My number 1 fear is being kicked from the dorm or expelled. This is my very first offense and I spent days in jail as well. Is there any way I won't be kicked or expelled? I have nowhere else to stay because I am going to college in a different city from my home, and I DO NOT intend on my parents finding out because it will likely mean leaving the US or something drastic. Please help.

haven't seen a thread like this for a bit, so anyone got any funny stories or just stupid shit you've done on drugs?I have a few run ins with the police which are less funny more just fucking lucky lmao. Just background, I'm 19 and a girl living in the UK, just because it's probably relevant to how I got away with it.I think I was 17 at the time, this was within the first few months smoking weed and I had just passed my driving test. So theres this bait park with a massive carpark thats the prime spot for dogging and hotboxing. Obviously being young and stupid and literally not even considering police existing, we would hotbox here most nights. So maybe the 3rd time we were there, we were finishing up a joint, there was still smoke in the car, we stunk, the car stunk, there is NO WAY she didn't know we were smoking.Anyway, I see the police lights, I'm like ffs. I was with one of my guy friends who's kind of a pussy and he was freaking the fuck out.So I do the logical thing and decide to make myself look as nerdy and innocent as possible. Because police love stereotypes right? I keep a rubik cube in my car, gave that to my friend and make him look like hes solving it, I had a book on my lap and when the police women knocked on the window (we threw the roach as the joint was near enough dead at this point so nothing on us) and I roll down the window and smoke LITERALLY just pours out of the car.At this point I was just like fantastic, I'm going to lose my licence, I'm going to jail, I'm going to get beaten with a wooden spoon by my parentsBut I clock her looking around the car, she sees the book and I do look pretty damn innocent. She asks for my details, name, address, the usual for minor weed offences in England however, under 18 you get like a temporary record of sorts (I don't know the proper term) so its erased at 18 and doesn't come up on your record for employment and such, it's kind of long because you have to go to the station and make a statement with someone over 18. I've actually had one of them before and she didn't even do this!!So she hands me back my licence and literally says 'Right, if you are doing anything illegal, just don't do it next time okay' and drove off. So one, she didn't even make a comment about the fact we were 100% smoking, no denying it. I mean, she didn't even ask so we had a chance to deny it. Second, I was in my car, she didn't even tell me not to drive while high lmao, I'm convinced if I wasn't a girl who had a fancy book and looked somewhat smart, I would of been fucked. But the amount of times my cars been top to bottom searched, without any real evidence and this time, caught red fucking handed I get away with it. Anyway, thats my boring story thats more like how?? than funny.So any stories are welcome, ENTERTAIN ME. 
She's a freaking idiot. She sees some stupid report on the news about some dude dying from fentanyl and suddenly she's enlightened and instantly know that I MUST have a fentanyl addiction or something. I mean, what else could he be buying to at the pharmacy.I explained to her the last time she brought this up, that you can't just walk into the pharmacy and ask for fentanyl. And even if I could why would I specifically want such a notoriousily bad drug...But of course the information she put into her head is fucking selective and the second fentanyl is brought up she forgets about any shit I said instantly./rant
Some questions I have prepared:1. Generally speaking, what are your thoughts on psychedelic substances like LSD, Psylocibin, DMT, Ayahuasca, Peyote, THC, etc.?2. What are your thoughts on the human experimentation of said psychedelic substances mentioned earlier?3. What are your thoughts about using psychedelic substances in psychotherapy and psychoanalysis?4. What are your thoughts on doing pharmacological research on psychedelics with the intent of treating mental illnesses like P.T.S.D, depression, anxiety, addiction, etc.?Please feel free to suggest what I should ask or say during the meeting. 
Not necessarily intentionally. Not an addiction ether since i only buy weed very occasionally (once every 1-2 months). Its kind of like a similar concept with coke. Once i get high on weed then i come down im kind of left in a foggy headspace and the only way to escape the fog is to either wait a whole day or smoke more. I pretty much smoke straight for a couple days until all my weed is gone then take a long break because i never want to feel the fogginess.
Hey r/drugs long time lurker first time posterSo last night I was chilling with a friend smoking some bud in his car which was parked at a local park when a cop passed us and slowed down we looked shady as fuck sitting there and was almost certain he was about to bust a U-turn and hit the lights, thinking on my feet I thought the best solution would be to eat the remaining 2 grams we had before he came back bag and all. The cop didn't turn back around and after like 2 minutes we drove home its now around 10 hours later and was wondering will the baggies come out intact and can I still smoke the bud? 
1/4 of a bar. mild relaxation, less anxiety1/2 bar, feeling more relaxed1 bar; if no tolerence bartard mode starts to kick in2 bars + 10 shots of alcohol. Why the fuck did I wake up outside missing all my money, in a dog igloo covered in vomit next to two tranniestl:dr  praise XannyBarChrist. 
so my friend came to visit me in Amsterdam and we decided to do 20g of truffles and chill at mine. after a crazy night of becoming a galaxy to brian cox´s voice narrating wonders of the universe; me and my friend did a 0.08g line of ketamine each whilst the walls were still wobbling. We put on dark side of the moon and turned off the lights. what followed was the most psychedelic and visionary trip i´ve ever had, the faint shadows on the walls morphed into interiors of boats and glaciers which changed with the music, has to be my most crazy trippy experience ever. 10/10 everyone has to try this.
Hey, I've been trying to find a good guide on a way to extract DXM, but every guide is really blunt, leaves out a lot of info, and just is too unreliable when it comes to extracting a substance. If anyone could link me something a more detailed guide and/or just write the steps down here, from what I can tell there's a pretty simple method with the zip lock bag? Thanks
Let me explain.  So my brother and I are completely opposite personalities.  He's an artist with no interest in altering his state of consciousness, doesn't even drink.  He's also very awkward socially unless he's with his close friends.  If my family is having a party he's perfectly happy to sit alone in his room and draw all night.  I'm basically the opposite of all those traits.  Anyways so I had the thought that the way he seems to experience the world is very similar to how I experience it when I'm on a low dose of mushrooms.  I become very withdrawn unless I'm around friends who are also tripping.  It's just a thought I had but I wonder if the variables in people's personalities is due to their baseline state being at different levels of this psychedelic trip we call life. 
All religion is pretty much disproven along with many scientific theories. How would the general public and governments react? I had a long conversation with my roommate about this last night after smoking some crazy good flower. What do you think?
Disclaimers: So I've been using cannabis for over 15 years and I'm in no way a light weight, though I am pretty sensitive.I've made and consumed different kind of edibles from brownies to rice treats to candies.A few weeks ago I tried this "fire cracker" method with roughly one half gram of some no name cannabis. Basically nutella, gram crackers and weed. Toast the weed, spread on the cracker and toast then eat.I was so ridiculously high within ten minutes that my body started convulsing and I saw fractals. I was extremely paranoid and my body felt strange. This lasted exactly 12 hours.With other edibles I've never experienced this, even when consuming multiple grams of thcDoes the fact that I consumed the actually plant matter have anything to do with the potency? What's the chemistry here that seems so different when making butter or oils ?Thanks!!Edit: the "convulsions" were more like the shivers one would get when they are cold. It was very warm in my apartment and I had my girlfriend there. She could visibly see my muscles moving in a wavy pattern. Took almost an hour for those to stop, then the hallucinations kicked in for about 5 hours. They were very unpleasant, but very much like a light DMT or 2Cb trip I've tried this 3 more times since then with very similar results. Extreme paranoia, shaking and hallucinations.
Hi /r/drugsI recently found a way to aquire some ETH-LAD, now I've quite a bit of experience with shrooms and lsd but have never tried ETH-LAD before. Neither has anyone I know.Now I read that it's quite a bit more potent than lsd and more visual.I was wondering if anyone has any experience with this and share some insight? Any negative effects that I wouldn't expect? (As compared to lsd.Thanks! Edit: anyone has experienced any issues with heart rate? My friend is kinda concerned about his heart rate going up too much, a little shoulnd't be a problem tho. 


3:00 p.m. rise3:05 Chivas Regal with the morning papers, Dunhills3:45 cocaine3:50 another glass of Chivas, Dunhill4:05 first cup of coffee, Dunhill4:15 cocaine4:16 orange juice, Dunhill4:30 cocaine4:54 cocaine5:05 cocaine5:11 coffee, Dunhills5:30 more ice in the Chivas5:45 cocaine, etc., etc.6:00 grass to take the edge off the day7:05 Woody Creek Tavern for lunch-Heineken, two margaritas, coleslaw, a taco salad, a double order of fried onion rings, carrot cake, ice cream, a bean fritter, Dunhills, another Heineken, cocaine, and for the ride home, a snow cone (a glass of shredded ice over which is poured three or four jig­gers of Chivas.)9:00 starts snorting cocaine seriously10:00 drops acid11:00 Chartreuse, cocaine, grass11:30 cocaine, etc, etc.12:00 midnight, Hunter S. Thompson is ready to write12:05-6:00 a.m. Chartreuse, cocaine, grass, Chivas, coffee, Heineken, clove cigarettes, grapefruit, Dunhills, orange juice, gin, continuous pornographic movies.6:00 the hot tub-champagne, Dove Bars, fettuccine Alfredo8:00 Halcyon8:20 sleepFrom: E. Jean Carroll’s 1993 memoir of Hunter S. Thompson
So, the other night. I was high on GHB, Weed, Adderall, and 75ug approx. of LSD-25 I was very scared of a bad trip on orange sunrise, so I took a whole bar of Alazopram. I had an extra bar for a friend incase he also got sketched out, but I later got the slighest bit of paranoia when I was high as fwah on everything and **Downed the other Xan completly with only the spit in my mouth** (It was a very good night mind you. extra special!~ Did all the uppers I could get my hands on to maximize the intensity of this night) We get to this park, and of course I had a couple friends trip sitting. so we're walking to this park and this kid is like 15-16, never seen him before in my life but he's just fucking swinging on this swing in the dark. and it's totally a rural town so we know everybody around here. and this kid man, I have no idea who he was. but he just got off the swing and walked in a straight line into the darkness. he left his sweatshirt and a t-shirt. so euphoric bliss auggie here (me) decides to put on his sweatshirt while he's walking away. I shit you not this kid never turned around to even look at us, just jumped off the swing when he heard us. (And he was swinging like high asf, not weed high but like high in the air~) and just started walking. so this  kid just fucking leaves. straight up took off his jacket and left it by the swings.  and I have a lighter in my pocket and everything is fucking beautiful. I have a slight pyro problem normally. so when I smoke you know I'm lighting off all the matches in amazement. so I set this kids shirt on this monkey bar thing. **And just light it on fire** so this shirt is slowly going up in flames. but than this white truck begins to drive onto the grass and drives near the bathrooms. and this kid gets out and just goes back to his swing. I'm over here high on some very strong shit, but I'm also on Addy so I'm like *"Yo guys, we can totally take this motherfucker. theres like six of us and if he starts shooting we just gotta zig zag and get the gun"* Of course they're like oh hell no Auggie you can't seriously do that. so I just completly forgot about this dude in the truck. I said, *"Oh that makes sense"* but than we're walking back to the friends were we were having a fire. and I shit you not this truck drives down to holler at the girls I was with. one being my girlfriend like, "I'd smash!" so they're driving and they just fucking smash on the brakes and back the fuck up. and this dude is in the back seat and he says "Yo that's my jacket bro!~" so these girls start fucking BOLTING and It's just me and 3 other dudes. these dudes are like yo Auggie give this man his jacket back please. and I'm flat out just on rainbow road from mario kart right now. my vision is being bombarded with OEV's and I just get this huge burst of energy. this kid opens his door to what I assumed in my quick thinking addy head was that he was going to hurt me. (I'm sure he was barred out because he was swinging without friends than had friends all of a sudden) and I'm just on another fucking level at this point. **He goes to step out of the truck, I notice his foot and Immediately kick this door as hard as I can with the bottom of my foot and just break this kids leg** It happened so slowly, it was in slow motion too and I swear like while I was going through with this action I could have stopped but also another part of me didn't want to stop. the crack was enough for me to feel ghost pain somehow (which I felt being this botched mean't all people who hurt somebody hurt themselves a bit as well but we just can't feel it)  which totally isn't cool. but we'd been in the area ding dong ditching anyway (which is childish but still fun on drugs / being drunk) so we'd packed smoke grenades. so my buddy throws one into this dudes truck because this guy is helpin' his buddy. they start running and I'm just fucking standing there... seeing billowing orange smoke on acid, which was orange... It looked like a fucking storm cloud just cracking with lightning. the OEV's we're still heavy at this point. and I'm not sure as to how or why but I got in the truck and drove it down the road for like 20 seconds before jumping out while it was moving. the car rolls for a bit and comes to a stop in the road, the hazard lights were on and I swear the orange smoke and hazard lights made it look like it was out of a movie for me, I felt like I was Jason Fucking Bourne. this dude is on the ground screaming, theres smoke everywhere. some guys are on drugs just straight up freaking out about this kids leg and I'd just jacked their truck. I look back, and I'm just straight up in candy land - the street is pink, the lines are green, the grass was like teal / purple and the trees were pulsating rainbows while the dark sky was reminiscent of google dreamscape. this kid starts bolting towards me and I just see him and this strong feeling of impending danger and anxiety brushes over me and I fall to the ground and just curl up into a protective ball as this dude runs past me to grab the truck. I'm laying in the fucking road and completly forget about this whole incident and I'm feeling the pavement on my hands, just pushing little pebbles around with my fingers like I was doing sand art. of course nothing was moving but I really couldn't get off this cracked up pattern turning into sand infront of my fingers. I look up and this guy had backed up the truck past me and they gathered their friend and just fucking drove off. I'm still confused about the whole scenario... It was very patchy so I only included what was remembered. I was so scared of the police coming to my house that I gave my gf all my paraphenelia and lighters and everything reminiscent of drugs. I heard sirens and paniced and flushed my GHB down the toilet (I know, I know don't flush drugs bwaaaaah theres no way there was enough ppm to effect anybody bleh) I have an addy script (I took 45mg that night) but there was no reason to trash that. but I also had my aunts cyclobenzaprine in my pill cabnit so I just fucking hid those in my couch. than wondering, why the FUCK didn't I just put my GHB in the fridge... **tl;dr seen a dude who was swinging high in the air, heard us coming near so he just left. never looked back just walked away. left his shirt and jacket which I burned on the playground and stole his jacket, I later that night broke his leg and stole their truck**Share your stories of running into people on drugs!~I'm bored and would love a good read to my friends when we shoot for the stars. Whenever I'm high on weed, I always think other people are high based on their actions. lmfao lmk how you felt about my story. Also forgot to mention before we went to this park I'd streaked. running fast asf through the night air high was a blissfull experiance. too bad the girls saw my massive balls whenever I went under a street lamp - guess fucked up me wanted to prove the ball size later that night? Jeez, Idk man... as always, love you /r/Drugs
I've always been told that nicotine itself is only as unhealthy as caffeine and that it was the tar, CO, and various other chemicals present in tobacco smoke that causes the really scary stuff like lung cancer and emphysema. Whereas with marijuana, the negative consequences are a result of the drug's psychoactive effects. So...in theory, once you remove smoke from the equation, wouldn't tobacco be the safer substance?
We're talking pure, grade A %100 pure colombian shit here ladies and gentlemen; pure caffeine.How is snorting pure caffeine compared to taking it orally? And what dosage with insuffulated caffeine would be best?I read somewhere that snorting a line of pure caffeine is like drinking 40 cups of coffee. I can link the article if asked.
My probation officer's supervisor is claiming that, without exception, cocaine and its metabolites are detectable in urine for absolutely no more than three days.Science has already confirmed that cocaine and its metabolites can be detectable in the urine of a frequent and heavy user of cocaine and alcohol together for up to two months or more.I need a doctor's note explaining to my probation officer that cocaine metabolites may still be present in my body from cocaine that was consumed over a month ago, and that I might test positive and negative irregularly for up to two months until all of the cocaine's metabolites are excreted.Does anyone know any doctors friendly to this issue that I can contact?
If anyone has gone deep into a binge of hard drugs, coming off that stuff and taking rips from a blunt or bong makes you appreciate the little things in life. You don't always have to be in nirvana or in a extremely productive state of mind. Weed is a good grounder for when you've been in heaven or hell for too long. Just enjoy being neutral. 
So, since I was not able to find anything regarding this on google, I would like to ask if anyone knows how much an 1st plateu dosage of DXM would increase 0.5g or 1g of shrooms?I just know DXM greatly increases the effects of 5HT Hallucinogenic drugs like lsd or shrooms, but I could not find any numbers on how much it intesifys these drugs.Thank's in advance :)
I started experimenting with drugs other than wee about 10 months ago.  I tried to be responsible with my drug usage, and not over use.  I've taken acid twice, about a month apart, and I took mushrooms about 3 months after that.  I had a stint with MDMA where I was taking it once every three or four weeks, which I know is unhealthy, but I took about 5 months off and have only used it once since, about 3 weeks ago.That being said, I had a friend pull me aside a few weeks ago to talk to me about my drug usage.  She said she has noticed me becoming more forgetful, and less empathetic.  I don't feel any different, but looking back to who I was a year ago, I would have to agree with her.  I'll spare you my life's story, but what I'm wondering is whether that is possible, or even likely?  Has anyone else felt this way? Or are me and my friend just being paranoid, buying into the anti-drug propaganda and blaming perfectly normal changes on my minor to moderate drug usage? Thoughts?
I tried oxycodone for the first time last night and had an incredible time. I would love to continue using it occasionally, but the addiction horror stories scare me. There seem to be two very distinct views on opiates: there are the people who say that any opiate use whatsoever is disasterous and will inevitably lead to addiction, and then there are the people who say that responsible opiate use is perfectly fine. It appears almost sinful not to use a substance that feels so damn good but my question is ultimately, how sustainable is recreational opiate use? I would love to hear from anyone who's tried opiates to get your overall opinion. Much love 
I've found some in my house and I happen to really really like psychedelics and am totally down to try anything once as long as it's safe. I've done research and they're the right kind. just wanted to know other people's experiencesedit: I took 6gs of heavenly blues plus about 500mg of Ipomoea purpurea which I received mixed responses on it containing LSA, but Wikepedia states it does. I'd also like to state that I'm not doing this to get "high as fuck" or whatever, I just like to experiment with psychs  
So I came into work this morning and found out I have to go take a random UA today before 830pm tonight. Only thing I'm worried about is the cocaine I did last night while drinking. What are my best options to flush my system? Take in mind my job is very laboring intensive and sweat/drink alot during work already. Fake pissed won't work fyi

I have a question regarding fentanyl patches... I've been on the 50mcg/h every 72 hours for about 3-4 years now and on 7.5 hydrocodone as needed (script is up to 4 a day).  I have been on the same brand for the whole time, PAR pharmaceutical.  However, my last pain appointment my doctor told me I had too many air bubbles in my patches and that I wasn't putting them on correctly.  I told him that that's how they came and opened a new one in front of him that had tons of air bubbles in it.  He suggested asking my pharmacy to buy a different brand because apparently PAR brand is the cheapest brand. I did just that and picked up my script today. The new ones are from the brand Mallinckrodt.  My issue is that I can normally tell when I have put on a new patch within 3 hours.  It's been longer than this and it feels like I have nothing in my system at all.  Is there a difference between the two brands?  I tried googling but I couldn't find a good source comparing these specific brands against each other.  Thanks in advance! (Sorry for any formatting issues I'm on my cell phone).
So I've been on a bit of a binge this past week...dropped about ~100ug of LSD last Monday, took 4mg xan that Thursday, and then took ~200mg molly the next day.  Then yesterday, (4 days after the molly) I ate 20mg of Ritalin, and snorted another 10.  Also, copious marijuana use every single day.The molly hangover was really bad, and the Ritalin comedown was even worse.  I took some xanax and smoked some weed to ease the Ritalin comedown, which made me feel better.  But I woke up today still feeling pretty drained.  I think between the LSD, the molly, and the Ritalin, I might've put a lot of stress on my brain.I've decided to take some time off from the hard stuff, just to give my brain a rest.  I'm gonna be eating LOTS of fruits and veggies, and drinking lots of water and green tea.Would you guys consider this to be dangerous abuse, or will I be just fine?  I hope I didn't do any lasting damage to my brain.  Also, any tips for feeling better faster?  I was considering going to the gym for that endorphin release, but my body/psyche are already under significant stress.BTW, I'm 18, about 5'10 and 145 pounds, pretty healthy all around.
I'm 19 and I have tripped on LSD a handful (10+) times before.my older sister went to college, turned into a hippy, brought some tabs back and fed them to my friends and I when we were like 16 and 17. last time i tripped i had an awful experience.   to be fair, I smoked about 3.5g of weed in the first couple hours of the trip which could have sent me down the wrong path.that trip was a nightmare and I havent done anything mind altering since, it was about a year ago.I have 25 tabs left from flipping a sheet and I'm just bored today. my girlfriend will be doing schoolwork all day and offered to tripsit and hangout with me all day whIle she's jacked up on adderall studying for finals.tldr: had a bad trip a year ago, haven't tripped since, have 25 tabs left and I'm bored debating on eating one on this fine ass Wednesday afternoon
I've only done LSD twice in my whole life. Once in October 100ug and once 14 days ago 240ug. Since the second one, I've been having very vivid dreams and pretty bad anxiety. When I concentrate on one thing, it feels like my peripherals are grainy and slightly bolded. I can't sleep well at night, I wake up every 2 or 3 hours having vivid dreams. I feel disconnected/depersonalized and I tend to zone out a lot in class and when I'm with my friends. It feels like I'm even a little bit high like I never came all the way down.http://www.anxiety-central.com/index.php?/topic/75-list-of-over-100-anxiety-symptoms/I looked at this link and saw that anxiety could cause some symptoms that I've been having like the tightness in my head, and the not normal vision changes that I've been having.Since I've only tripped twice in my life, could it be possible that my anxiety is just causing these visual symptoms and depersonalization? Or did LSD give me HPPD and vivid nightmares?
I'm wondering because of a possible contraindication of the potassium and a blood pressure medication if it turns out to be made with KOH. I've heard about the licorice taste with K-GHB but I'm wondering if there are any definite ways to tell if this G contains potassium such as a test kit of some sort, or a certain characteristic that could distinguish between K-GHB vs Na-GHB.
I've done LSD and drank before and I'm wondering what the effects of both would be, would the alcohol enhance the trip or possibly turn it into a bad trip? And how much alcohol and LSD should be taken if combined?
The first time I tried it, I tripped fucking balls. My room was the only thing that existed. My consciousness swirled into this milky haze that I interpreted to be a galaxy. Human existence was easily explained by the music I was listening to. Life and death were synonymous. Time looped in the most pleasant way possible. I didn't even take a full bottle.There was plenty of time between each of my uses, but each trip was more lackluster than the one before it. The second time, things were a bit less trippy. Music was euphoric, but I didn't take nearly the same meaning from it. I felt dizzy and a bit nauseated at times.The last time I tried it, which was maybe attempt #5 or 6, was shit. I thought I was going to die. I had the shakes, I was sweating profusely, and I threw up 3 times. No music euphoria, confusing thought loops, major body load, etc. I won't ever try it again. But I'm curious as to whether my experience was a unique one, or if many other people had similar stories. I'm 100% sure that I didn't accidentally down anything with guafenesin, ibuprofen, or anything other than DXM. 
Is there anywhere on the internet with a graph or chart of how fast tolerance to drugs builds up. Or failing that does anyone know how fast coke tolerance builds, is it like mdma where tolerance builds instantly as you start a session?

This was a few weeks ago, myself and my friend finally scored some tabs and wanted to trip. This was my first true trip, I've robotripped in the past but nothing can compare to this. I am severely red green color blind, and my friend always wondered what it would be like for me to trip on acid.About an hour after I took my tab I was sitting in my friends chair looking at his sofa and noticed it was different. I pointed out to my friend and he didn't understand what I was talking about. Ten minutes later our tripsitter showed up and was wearing her usually hoodie and it looked different too. Eventually the geometrical patterns started to come around and I was really starting to trip and I realized I'm seeing colors I've never seen before. I asked my tripsitter what color the sofa was and she said it was red and I was amazed to look at it. I couldn't help but stare it was such a beautiful rich color. I then asked what color her hoodie was and she said it was purple and I couldn't help but to pick it up and put it on. The whole night is was just sitting there in awe by all these colors that I've never been able to see correctly. Red, Purple, Pink, Orange, Yellow, even brown gave me so much enjoyment to finally be able to see this way. I don't even know if thats how those colors actually look but they looked amazing.After the acid wore off colors went back to the way they were and I was sad they disappeared but when I eat shrooms in about a month I'm sure something similar will happen :)
So I want to try out lsd, Ive done a lot of reading about it.  I want to do it alone because my friends, although having expereince with it, they use it more as a recreational substance.  i want to use it just to do some self exploring and would rather do it alone and get to choose the setting and activities I would like to do.  My question is that is there anything I should know before I try this, I was going to dose 150ug and I would be alone for a whole 24 hours
Hey guys, Typing this after a terrifying experience so I apologise if things don't make sense. I'm still half asleep and very scared. Last night at about 11pm I popped the first .5 Xanax. I didn't feel it so I popped another .5, and another .25. I started to feel the sedation but at this point I was already in bet watching YouTube videos. Here's the spooky part, I don't remember falling asleep, and I've never had sleep paralysis ever before. But I wake up from my amazing sleep, blanket over my face, thinking about life, then.. I try to move. I feel two giant hands on my chest pushing me down and my entire body got super heavy. I couldn't move, talk, scream, nothing. I had this overwhelming sense of presence in the room, but I couldn't see because of the blanket. I decided to try and go back to sleep to stop this when I heard a voice 'where are you going? You're with us! We have so much to show you!' And after that my heart started beating out of my chest which I guess triggered my body to wake up because here I am typing this.  I checked my phone when I woke up to see 6 calls to my friend from bother state, so I called him this morning and asked what was up and he said I just kept yelling 'IM GOING TO BENS HOUSE' (ben is my friend, that's not his real name) So yeah.. thoughts? 1) anybody else experience this?2) why did I get so fucked up and black out even though I was perfectly sober.. maybe mildly sedated until I fell asleep? 
My MDMA tolerance has gotten pretty high to a point where I am taking a one month break until new year's eve, but I would like to take something else during the break.. and 2-CB seems like a good sub.  Although I want to take MDMA _AND_ 2-CB on new year's eve.. so is the tolerance from MDMA related to 2-CB or can I be taking 2-CB until new year's eve without increasing my MDMA tolerance?
It's not profound, well written or even interesting but thought I'd share it with you guys because why the fuck not: I've forgotten how to write. I even forgot what my handwriting looks like. Then again, it always changes. I'm in a house in the mountains with ___. I can hear flies buzzing and the refrigerator humming - but it's not annoying. There is a sound coming from outside, a twinkling sound. It's enchanting. To me it sounds like a child playing a sweet instrument, until I realise it is the sound of the bells around the necks of cows. This realisation actually kind of makes the sound more beautiful. Beautiful. The word beautiful is supposed to describe lovely things and yet it is quite a difficult word to spell out. I remember as a child, when I would write, I would purposely leave the word "beautiful" out because I was lazy to spell it. I used other words instead. Maybe that's what started my imagination in writing. Maybe that's what starts imagination in anything - just take the beauty out of it. That's when things get wild and interesting. Do you know what's sad, being someone who used to live through writing but rarely does it anymore? Realising, when you do remove the block out of your way and put pen to paper, how easy it really is. Remembering the joy I get when my ideas start to flow and all of a sudden it feels like my imagination is appearing before me, all of my thoughts straight from my brain and through my finger tips, into this pen and onto this paper. It is kind of magical. I am hungry. 
Something told me that this would inevitably happen. Yesterday I took my first dose of oxy and I thought that I'd eventually get over it, as long as I avoid taking any more. Now I'm itching for it. It's not an intense longing, I just miss all the good feelings it gave me and I really want to do it again. I'm well aware that that's a terrible idea and as my sanity permits I won't be going near that shit, but I need something to get my mind off of it. Any suggestions?
Just looking for an opinion regarding an experience I had around 3ish years ago. I was 18 or 19, at a little party with a couple of friends, and we decided to bail and go to another party. So we headed into town to withdraw some money to get a taxi, a couple of lads in a car must of heard us and said they would take us to the party for £5. Obviously we agreed as it would save us £10, on the way they said they had speed if we wanted any, so I agreed and we went back to their house to pick it up, I payed £10 and must have gotten around 10-15g's of paste. I asked them to both try some first so I could trust it was legit, which they did, and we then went to the party. The party was about 10-15 minutes away and I dropped a smallish bomb of paste on the way, by the time we got there I could already feel the effects, which seemed a little fast to me. After another 10-15 mins I decided to drop another bomb. The effects were typical speed, I had plans I had to do, I could talk for hours, once I had an objective it had to be completed. But I also felt somewhat euphoric and wanted to hug everybody and be close to them and tell them I loved them. Fast forward 8 hours and another 10-15, 500mg'ish' bombs of speed and I'm sat in the garden prepared to die. Can't stop gurning, hyper focused on the fact I'm likely going to die immediately, convinced my heart is about to explode. I left the party at about 8-9am, and got there at about 7pm the night before. I went to a girlfriends house and was tripping. I mean, fucking tripping hard, almost LSD like, walls melting, floor turning into hexagonal shapes lit with colour, but also was extremely anxious about this and couldn't stop walking and talking.After 36 hours of this fucking hellish trip and no sleep in sight I eventually went to the hospital (only the find my mum was the ECG technician on duty this day, fun.). They gave me some diazepam and I slept.Think I just took too much or there was something else in it?FYI: You can't get adderall as easily in the UK as you can in the US. We rely on paste rather than pills when it comes to amphet, or at least I think most of us do. 
I was making tea from 3g of rue seeds and I let it evaporate. Do I have to start over with new seeds or do you think I can still get something out of it if I brew them again? I was unable to find information on this in /r/Drugs/wiki/drugs.
As the title says, would the normal CWE work with Robitussin nightime cough DM ? 30mg dxm + 12.5mg of doxylamine per 20 ml, and i have 474 mlIt also came with 10mg dxm/200mg guaifenesin gel capsules, have about 200 dxm / 4000 guaifenesin altogether, can i open the gel capsules and cwe those too?Never really extracted anything(if it wasnt obvious enough), any and all help is much appreciated.
One of my friends took high dose of MDMA 3 consecutive weekends. (kinda stupid)These were the first 3 times he tried MDMA, never before. A few days after the first occasion he noticed 3 of his teeth in the middle started to get brown, from the inside. He is pretty sure it's because of the MDMA, but I've never heard of ANY drugs which make your teeth rot on such a short term use, especially after the first use.Any ideas ?Thank you, sorry for poor english.
For those of you who listen to music when on the comedown, what do you listen to? Usually when i roll, i roll hard usually taking at least 250 mgs. And once the party/rave is over i listen to Hell Of A Night by Travis Scott. And if it was an all nighter and the sun is coming up on my comedown, the feeling i get while listening to this song, coming down while chilling in my car, is phenomenal.Sobering from an acid trip i usually listen to sad music or music about internal conflict. Whether this be some sad Drake like Marvins Room or U by Kendrick, but usually anything sad cause i get pretty gloomy once i realize that my trip is coming to an end. 
Ok so I quit all substance for 6 months just for cleansing my system. And yesterday I rolled up my first joint after the 6 months. I got high really quickly, felt really light headed like I was on LSD, this spiralled into my heart beating really fast. So I just sat there zoned out and drinking water to calm my heart down. My question is, is this normal? also my chest feels tight the next morning
I moved to Vancouver a few months ago and whenever we go tripping we usually just go for a walk around downtown. Does anybody have good spots to go or any good routes to take around vancouver while tripping?
Wow I never thought I'd be here. Just letting you all know if I can do it, anyone can. I tapered down from 4 (yes, FOUR) mg a day for a little over a year. My taper schedule took nearly 2 months to drop down from 4mg a day down to .5 my every other day. Last dose was 10 days ago!Some benefits I've noticed:-Sharper, clearer mind. My wit is slowly returning-starting to be able to form full sentences and conversations where before my brain just couldn't keep up with dialogue-ambition and motivation returning-I'm going to sleep early and waking up early with clear thoughts, where before I didn't even think about starting my day until after noon-overall sense of 'everything will be okay'. Optimistic about my future.Minor withdrawals still noticeable. Especially heart palpitations, which freak me out, but have read it quite normal. Sleeping is back on track too. Minor anxiety from time to time, but I've come to realize that's part of life and I don't need a pill to help me out with that.If anyone is quitting benzos, stick with it. I know the WD is one of the worst of any drugs so please taper. It's not safe to cold turkey. If you need any help or questions, I'm here!
I'm currently on 1200 mg of gabapentin, 100 mg of tramadol, and have downed a couple beers, a few shots of whiskey and smoked some hash and kief out of my new bong. Interestingly, I was an avid anti-drug person for the first 21 years of my life. I eventually tried weed and progressed from there. I've tried numerous benzos, psychedelics, opiates, amphetamines and dissociatives, so needless to say I'm fairly experienced with many kinds of drugs. Now I'm not currently on the drugs I'm on for fun, I have two herniated discs in my low back (L4-L5 and L5-S1) and the herniations are pressing against my sciatic nerve causing tremendous pain. I've had chronic pain for the past 7 months and it's only gotten worse over time. I don't currently have the money for surgery and so I've just had to find ways to deal with the pain until my family can help me pay for the surgery. Without the gabapentin, tramadol, alcohol and weed I wouldn't be able to get out of bed, but with them, I can actually sit up and hobble about my house. Sorry if this is somewhat of a rant, I've never been bed-ridden before from so much pain and I'm definitely fairly fucked up from the pills, weed, and whiskey, and I'm super bored. I haven't posted to this sub for a little while and since I have nothing better to do it seemed like a good idea. Anyway, drugs definitely have their place and can be incredibly helpful for some people, just don't abuse them (that often anyway (; ) and always educate yourself before experimenting with any drug, safety first. So yeah, have a good day r/Drugs, stay awesome everyone. 
I posted this in r/ADHD earlier but it got removed, not sure if this is the right place to post this but it was the first other sub I could think of. If there's a better sub to post this in please let me know, thanks. I have a project due tomorrow at 3 which I am less than halfway through, despite having spent all of my non-sleeping/eating time over the last 2 and a half days working on. I'm on the borderline of failing this class so I need to do well on it. Unless I have some sort of breakthrough today, I'll probably need to work on it all night in order to finish. I'm thinking about taking a second dose of my prescribed medication (54 mg concerta/methylphenidate ER) because there is no way I'll get through the night without some "help" and I don't think caffeine will help me much. I've been on this dose for the last 2.5 years and have been thinking about upping it anyways, but I've never taken 2 doses in 24 hours before and have some questions:1. Is this safe?2. If I take a second dose, when should I do so? I took my normal dose just before 10am and was thinking about taking the second one at 10pm.3. If I do this, will I still be ok to take my morning dose around 10am tomorrow or is it better to avoid doing so if I can manage it after the lack of sleep?4. I may reach a point where I feel it is better to catch 2-3 hours of sleep rather than work ineffectively. The concerta may prevent me from being able to sleep, but I have some weed and that might let me knock right out. However, concerta raises my heart rate and blood pressure. I know weed will also raise the former, and I'm not sure it's a good idea to mix weed with a second daily dose of concerta. Any thoughts on this would be appreciated.Also, I won't be going out of my way to find other stimulants. The drugs I have at my disposal right now are methylphenidate, caffeine, and weed. Thank you for any insights you might have, and wish me luck on this shit.

What kind of effects can I expect from 50mg, 100mg, and 150mg? Also I'm stealing this from my dog because he got prescribed tramadol by a vet for pain because he wiped out and got injured but he got through half the script and then my parents stopped giving it to him. Been a couple months and they were throwing out the bottle so I got it instead. Is the fact that it prescribed to a dog going to make it dangerous for me to take?
I was given some hydrocodone acetaminophen 550 or lortab that was never used by a friend. is this recreational and if so what would the dose be? curious if it has any recreational value such as euphoriaFill: jfkskfjdkdldmmddkkdkdmdmfnndkdmndndnmdndnmdmdndmmdndjdnndndkdkfnkekdnfjgbnfkrokfnfnrnfkdorknfndmdjjdkdkfnfjfjfjjsndnofkfjdnnfbsojfndjkdjrnndodjfndjjdjdbfjidbrhrodnrhjfjdjndndnfndfnndndkdmndndmkdkcfnfkjfndjjdjdkkdjd
High Acetylcholine / low Dopamine seem to be my problem. I did a trial week of high EPA / DHA fish oil Omega 3 capsules in July and instantly began having mental side effects I never experienced before due to the increased Acetylcholine. After nine days of just one capsule per day I had my first ever panic attack. Apparently this can happen to people who already have a diet that enriches Acetylcholine (in other words, a healthy diet).As soon as I stopped taking them I was back to my normal self, which has unfortunately meant being unmotivated, brain foggy, procrastinating and indifferent to most thing, only able to be overwhelmed by any task and get irritated and frustrated easily.I noticed that back when I used to smoke low-THC / high-CBD sativa weed strains (only 1-2 joints a week), those used to be the only times where I could see through the fog and come up with ideas and solutions to a lot of problems, be it practical or creative. Of course that has to be taken with a grain of salt, since the unnatural Dopamine boost can give you false impressions. I quit it back in April, because I want to be without those artificial rushed followed by far longer crashes. I just want to regulate my base system.I've been taking ADs like Wellbutrin and Moclobemide (reversible MAOI) for the past four months. But they don't seem right for the job. Neither did SSRIs in the past. Either I got too anxious and ragey (Wellbutrin) or lethargic and zoned out (Moclobemide).I feel like excess Acetylcholine (and the resulting low Dopamine) is the reason for most of my problems and lowering it naturally, or at least safely (without a lot of side effects) would be the key to experiencing life at its full potential again.Please help me feel like a complete person again. The lethargy, brain fog, disinterest in enjoying the positive things in life, decreased vocabulary are ruining my life.
Retrospective:Beginning in October, I went through about 1.5 bottles of ZZZquil to force myself to sleep through horrible stress/anxiety. Never above the recommended level: 50 mg daily, sometimes 25. Very occasionally nothing at all. This lasted about 3 weeks by my calculations until November, when I stopped. This is not a very large amount.Yet the beginning of November was marked by all sorts of classic withdrawal symptoms: some nasty come-and-go nausea, insomnia, etc.All other references to diphenhydramine withdrawal I can find come from people who've taken this stuff recreationally and/or in excessive doses well past 100 mg for prolonged amounts of time -- from three months up to 10 years. A few sources I've found say that my level of usage shouldn't be enough for withdrawal symptoms.Is this normal, or am I just really sensitive to sleep meds? The nausea hasn't returned since the first few weeks of November, but should I be concerned about long-term withdrawal effects, like poor memory and trouble focusing? I already had both those problems before October, so I can't really tell if they've been exacerbated.

This is the second time now that I've taken a medicinal dose (a teaspoon or two) of DXM cough syrup (also containing guaf) alongside 4-6 grams of red vein Kratom. An hour later and I am riding the rollercoaster of a light DXM trip coupled with Kratom euphoria. Wtf?This happened before and I figured it was some sort of fluke. When I say medicinal dose I mean like 60mg DXM max. I have never had issues with DXM alone and 60mg certainly wouldn't be enough to get any recreational effects without Kratom. Has anybody else experienced this?
Hey guys,My dad who suffers from Depression, Bipolar and OCPD wants to try shrooms. Hes had borderline psychotic episodes in the past and I'm quite a bit worried that he will have issues with this.Now, I know what your saying: DONT DO IT. Unfortunately hes already made up his mind, and its just a matter of time until he does it. So I am interested in Harm reduction and making his trip more productive so he doesnt feel the need to do it again.Anyways, what can I do to minimize the impact this could have? I'm already going to weigh out a very low dose, and tripsit him. Hes currently on an SSRI medication aswell, a fairly high dose. What affect will this have?I personally have done shrooms, so I know how much it can fuck with mental states, which is why I am very concerned.
Hey everybody. So over the past year I've realized that after I finish smoking, (sometimes up to 15-30 mins) I get intense hot flashes, sweats, and very very bad nausea. This generally happens when I smoke a decent amount with my friends. Now it's really embarrassing. I like to smoke before work (I still get my shit done, and am productive while stoned). Last time I did this, I walked in and the wave of nausea and all that shit just... Hits me. It sucked. Sometimes it lasts for up to 30-45 minutes. I can't stand or walk or move without being incredibly nauseated. I'm wondering why this is happening. I haven't stopped or started using any new drugs. I smoke every day, and have been for like 4ish years now. It's really concerning now because I have to limit my smoking. I don't like doing that, I'd much rather smoke as much that gets passed to me! Any ideas guys?
I've been dealing with depersonalization for quite a while (not exactly sure how long but over a year). I stopped using all drugs nearly 4 months ago in the hopes it would go away but it doesn't seem like anything has changed. I've tripped on shrooms twice before (both times were last winter) and i was dealing with depersonalization then but just didn't realize it. I have an opportunity to trip again in a week or so and was wondering if it would be safe. I've dealt with depression and anxiety before but not for a couple of months. I would like to do shrooms again but i don't want it to mess with my mind. For a couple days after each of my trips I felt complete peace and happiness (it helps that they were both during christmas break). For reference I am 20 years only and plan on taking 2.5-3Gs.
I am truly sorry if this post doesn't belong here and does somewhere else.  Please let me know if it does and I'll be sure to remove it and bring my question to the appropriate spot.  I've been doing a lot of research on this and found many responses even in /r/drugs; however, I still thought I'd see if I could get some up to date responses.  Ill try to avoid a wall of text as best I can: I expect to have a hair test in about 6 months from now.  Maybe even a bit longer.  For the last 2.5 years I've been a weekend user of cocaine and a mix of molly.  Although a responsible user, I am anticipating a job change and want to make sure I am in the clear, and would rather stop while I am ahead.  Its all purely recreational so I know stopping isn't an issue.  I understand that hair tests can go up to 90 days and the rules around it, but I wanted to ask if anyone has ever failed beyond that point?  90 days clean and failed.  My plan is to stop now and not even try to cut it close, but I seem to carry an irrational fear of something going wrong.  This would put me at about 6 or more months of non-use.  I don't even plan to continue after most likely.  All fun things must come to an end.  P.S.I don't even have the job yet, but it's a job I am going to want and I know it is a hair test. I appreciate your stories and feedback.
I wrote this story a while ago and posted it as my first story but I don’t think it was in this subreddit. I went through and deleted some of the things on my posts that didn’t get picked up on and just keeping them saved in my files. They did their justice for me, that’s really all I needed. But anyways...At this point of my life I was teetering on the edge of complete madness through carelessness and fearlessness, but also cherished and valued my life somewhat enough to never go over the edge to fucking with death (such as 6 overdoses, many car crashes, gang violence, my time in jail, psychosis and mental hospitals, etc. all things I’d later be heavily involved with). On this night, I, for no reason, felt full of “fuck the world”. I was still young and hadn’t messed with MUCH yet, as I mentioned before. I was a very heavy weed smoker, drank a lot, dabbled with all the pills that were out there, was drinking a ton of cough syrup, and being an overall idiot. However, the dawn of psychedelics was upon us and suddenly everyone we knew was selling LSD, 25i, Mushrooms, DMT, and all the good stuff. I had tried LSD with almost all my friends that were willing to try it, went through super scares with the 25i, and had some good times on Mushrooms. However, mushrooms always had this different “scare” to it. I was never sure why. I always connected deep with myself and I was one fucked up individual. I never liked looking at myself. Hated it. So, back to the story. We knew a girl who only came around the parts of New Jersey I was from every so often and on this cold and dark night she decided to hit me up. 2 of my other buddies sit in a car as they gather all their cash together. “Yeah what can we get with (x amount of dollars)”“I’ll drop off like an ounce and a quarter. That good enough?”“I guess? Yeah that’s fine.”So, we wait. Anxiously. There’s only 3 of us, and we made plans to trip different days throughout the week as good friends do. We had times and dates planned for when we get out of school and what we should bring and things we should do. But when you’re with me nothing ever goes according to the plan. The girl finally comes and I hop out of the car. Baggy sweat pants, black air force ones, blue sweater with another blue sweater underneath it, and some swag to the way I walk because I really do think I’m the man. I stuff the bags of shrooms in my pants and walk back to my buddies car. Once inside, all of us are smiling ear to ear just staring at them. We pull out the scale and start weighing out our doses. (Fred and Dave – not real names). Fred wants to do 5 grams this time. That’s a step-up Fred. Dave does what Fred does. Okay, let me weigh mine out. They both sit in the front seat and passenger side as I sit alone, in the back seat. They use orange soda to get the taste of the ground up dirt out of their mouth and teeth but I sat there… staring... at the bag. It felt as though I was drooling. I knew just an eighth wasn’t good enough. Fuck enough 5 grams wasn’t good enough. So, I start to eat them. I consistently keep eating them, and eating them, never feeling fully fulfilled with my choice to keep going until they’re completely gone. Around 25 grams of Mushrooms ingested to my early teenage body. As I look around for the “quarter ounce” bag I suddenly realize what I did. I knew what I was doing, but I didn’t truly believe it. I really didn’t.  I sat there with my hands in my face whispering to myself “fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.” I knew I was going to ruin myself tonight. Time began to slowly tick by. I just wanted to get this over with. I tell my friends what happen and instantly they feel sorry for me. They know my kind of personality and they knew there was really nothing they could do about this situation, but they really felt sorry for me for two reason.1.Not being able to control my impulses and desires for drugs.2.The terrible trip I was about to have.40 minute’s pass by and suddenly the trip begins to seep into my consciousness. I can feel the anxiety creeping up into my spine and further into my chest. As the seconds pass I notice each single breath I take. The exhales seem to alleviate my anxiety as the inhales make it stronger and more powerful. I suddenly begin to lose control of myself and I feel that I have to get out of the car. As soon as the cold air touches my body I crouch over in pain. I can’t walk, I can’t move, I can’t do anything. The anxiety is too much. I sit like this for a few minutes it seemed and we made our way down to Fred’s house. Once we got into his house we went right into the basement. In the basement, I sat *IN* one of the sofa’s that looked towards the TV and INSTANTLY I was immersed in his floor carpet pattern. I could not look away from it. It began to take over my every thought. I wish I could say that I was Flabbergasted by this sight, but I will save it for the true defining moment of this story. I had never done so much of a psychedelic that the floor move with such sway and technique. With such strategy and perfection. It was absolutely beautiful. I felt as though the house was ALIVE! Without any realization of when this was going on, a bottle of water is poured over my head. “OP!!! LETS GO MAN! MY MOM IS HOME WE HAVE TO GO DOWN THE STREET” my buddy was throwing a party down the street which is where we were supposed to be going. But I couldn’t comprehend. It is so weird remembering the thoughts of these guys doing things to me, but not being able to understand the full-blown confusion I was in really makes the memories tricky. Anyways, I sat there staring at him. Wondering what every single word he said to me truly meant I assume. I look down and realize that I did in fact piss myself at some time during this night. They pull me up by my arms and make me stand. I feel like I’m walking on sunshine at this point, and the only thing I want to do is walk. So, I follow them and we’re met by a set of stairs. It was like a puzzle to me. Once again, confused, I was met with a very hard slap to the face. I remember being slapped, but I also remember not reacting to it one bit. It wasn’t until the second, harder smack, that I suddenly snapped out of it for a second to make it up the stairs and through the house out into the driveway. As we walked down the road to my friend’s house, I could hear the music that was playing from down the street. It was blaring. Then, I had my God moment. A figure wearing all white came running down the road. He was accompanied by a light that seemed to be shining from the sky. Alas, it was my friend who was throwing the party. “A-Are you? God?” I asked him in a quiver. He looked at my buddies and said “Did OP piss himself?” and they just nodded with reassurance that I was indeed, FUBAR for another night.The kid who was throwing the party took me upstairs into his room and this is really the only part of the story that matters. I guess I typed the whole thing up for those who were interested? Maybe I’m bored? I don’t know. But this is the only relevant part of the story right here.____________________________________________________________________________________________He pulls blankets out of this little sofa with a removable top and throws them on the bed. He tells me I can lay down, brings me water, and says I can just hangout up there and he’ll come check on me whenever he can. I lay back on the blankets and it suddenly feels like I’m moving slowly through space. My head hit the bed and bounced ever so slightly as pure ecstasy shot into my brain. I had achieved the “ultimate” feeling. I knew the answers to the entire universe and this wasn’t no “I have it! Aw man I lost it. I GOT IT! No… I lost it.” I knew what the fuck the answers were. I am 80% sure I fell asleep for some amount of time somehow (don’t grill me over this. I don’t know how I fell asleep. I’m very serious.) and once I woke up I was in a completely white void. I couldn’t move my paralyzed body and I began to freak out ever so slightly. But then? The structures flew down from out of the sky, appearing from nothing. The blueprints of the room I was sleeping in built themselves. The walls constructed themselves, they suddenly painted themselves blue, a couch came flying in, it painted itself tan, the floors began to form and turn into carpet, which then stayed white. The posters and pictures all over the walls began to paint themselves, and everything appeared. Once it was all finished, I look over, and my friend and his girlfriend appear. “OP? OP? You alright?” Completely. Fucking. Flabbergasted. I instantly fall back asleep. Awoken again to the same void, the process begins to repeat itself, however, this time, the foot rest for the sofa is NOT there. I know it’s supposed to be there, but it is not. I look around and try to make sense of this, but I cannot. It starts to hurt my brain. I start punching myself repeatedly in the head trying to fix the lost screws or broken bolts and make the foot rest appear, but to no avail. Then it hit me – some type of crazy insane coding began to take over my vision. It was “the answer to the universe” I had. I guess my answer was just that we’re robots in a sense and I was having a glitch. So I shutdown. Back to sleep I went. Awoken back in the voice, I hear people calling my name over and over again. “OP! OP!! STOP DOING THAT!” Everything appears, paints itself, and then the people appeared again. I had 3 or 4 people standing over me telling me to stop doing that and I wasn’t sure what they were talking about, but – I glitched out. Goodnight. Then, I woke up in the void again. I could see passing judgements somehow and I knew people were looking at me. I felt kind of judged and scared, nonetheless confused. Then, they suddenly went away. Everything paints itself and I’m outside in my buddies car. “Yo OP we’re going to the hospital”. It was almost 4am in the morning and suddenly I started to come down after hearing that. “NoNoNoNo. Bro. I deadass just came down. I’m coherent. I can speak” I look in his eyes and see relief finally. “What the fuck happened bro?” he goes on to tell me that every time I woke up, my eyes would be wide open, mouth wide open, ears pulled back like a dog, with this crazy look in my eye, and suddenly after a few moments I would hold my breath until I knocked myself out. I repeated that throughout almost the entire night. I then explain to him what I was seeing and happening in my head and he says “Dude. You went full blown retard dude. Like, I now get why they say don’t go full retard” We sat there and talked about our trips, the each of us, separately, as I come to find out that the neither of them stuck together because of the party and their interests were split. By the end of the night, we were passing a bong around and eventually ended up on Government conspiracies and all. I really do not understand the… the places? So, to say, that Mushrooms can take you. I really don’t. I’ve been to the craziest places I could ever imagine and the tamest. Here’s another classic example of just a very weird, very unexpected, and just other-dimensional story that I can’t wait to be criticized on! Thanks for reading guys.
don't know where to start with them, want something that'll give energy/ motivation something that u can take fairly regularly, isn't too bad for you or too expensive or too hard to getany suggestions or ideas of where to start researching this a bit would be appreciated or anything i could start using fairly soon
So I got tickets to a festival well known for its drug use, and as I have never done MD before I'm taking some later with a friend who has done it before. **Any advice/things to do?**(The only other drugs I've done before are weed and lsd)
A week ago my only experience with drugs was alcohol weed and laughing gas, but last weekend i took 2-cb. I, for some reason, thought it was a good idea to take 2 pills ~40mg in total. I was tripping my ass off and I was close to a bad trip so many times but I never did. Was it really stupid to take this amount?
i started smoking weed 2-3 years ago. the past 6 months ive been smoking daily and takin 1-2mg xanax maybe once or twice a week. however my weed and xan usage started to slowly increase over the past few months, so i decided to quit both cold turkey before it got out of hand. I went thru some minor withdrawal(sleeping trouble, shitty appetite) but nothing too serious. last week i started getting some cravings and hit up my guy for a half o bud and 20 xans. I figured ok i can control myself, and as soon as i got the drugs i went on an all out binger this past week. smoked all the bud and i have 1 xan left, its scary how little i remember, the past few days are pretty much a blur, despite me going to class, driving and socializing a bit. im 24 hours sober now and starting to get more cravings. Does anybody have any tips on how to control this and use moderately? it sucks because i felt like the occassional blunt and xan really had a positive affect on my life, worked wonders for my anxiety/stress and helped my appetite(i struggle to keep weight on). I will probably be off xanax for good but i definitely do not want to cut weed out of my life.  i would like to use moderately but clearly i dont have the self control for that at this timetl;dr: would like to use moderately but unfortunately i have no self control and an addictive personality
My sister told me about it and I read some articles but know you can't trust the media fully. So I thought I would ask you wonderful people. Pros, Cons as i haven't heard very many negative things about it. What drugs are they like? and if you have tried it What was your experience like? Would you recommend it?
I just realized that I've been using it for almost 6 years now.I know it sounds bad but its been mostly on-and-off, sometimes I used it for months every day, sometimes for a few weeks or days, then I usually "forget" about it for a few weeks or even months on some occasions.I really never felt any negative side effects from it, also I never had a downright bad time on it. Worst thing that happened at most is some discomfort and even that is rare.I enjoy a wide variety of drugs, I like stims and enjoy experimenting with psychedelics but I dont use them all the time. The only drug that stuck with me is the spice. It feels dirty sometimes and I know I would be better off without it but it never gave me an explicit problem that would make me WANT to stop.If you have been using long term please share your experience. I am trying to find motivation to quit, but I dont even know WHY I want to quit. The devils synthetic lettuce has always been good to me.

So currently I have about 200 ug of acid on me which is a pretty small dose. I had a bad shroom experience my first time which is why I'm hesitant to use it right now, but I've also heard some people can find themselves and the paths they wanna take in life from psychedelics. I'm mainly wondering if acid is a bad idea or if it can help me crawl out of this mental state I'm in. And if it can, is 200 ug gonna be enough for it? 20 years old if that makes any difference. Input is appreciated, thanks for reading this far
I hear all sorts of story's about people claiming to have a racing heart, paranoid thoughts, and intense anxiety while smoking cannabis. Let me ask you, did you have any food in your stomach before you smoked? Could it be the fact you aren't taking care of yourself enough to get the positive effects of marijuana?  If you have these symptoms your probably just really hungry or dehydrated. Not having food in you makes the weed hit you faster, harder, and makes your body work faster. If you have nothing for the cannabis to work with inside your body how can you expect for it to work correctly. This goes for all other drugs. If you have intense side effects and your body is telling you it can't handle whatYou put in it you probably are lacking some sort of nutrient. Drink some milk, eat a light meal, and maybe take some vitamins first. Drugs don't work if your body is already stressed out. Next time you pop some pills or smoke a fat blunt on an empty stomach remember what I told you.  Expect to have un pleasant side effects that shift the focus of the high. Then when you finally eat the high will feel suppressed because of the fact you pushed it out of your body because  it had no fat to attatch too.  
Hello friends,     I recently saw a post about safety regarding Adderall usage and it got me thinking about my usage with Vyvanse. I have ADHD and for it I am currently prescribed 50mg of Vyvanse daily. I started out on a lower dosage in the summer (10mg) and over the course of two months my doctor recommended I upped the dosage to (30mg) and now finally at 50mg (I am 6'2" / 225lbs). I have been taking the prescription this way for 3 months now and I don't really have any negative side effects aside from not really needing to eat or sleep regularly and some added cottonmouth at random times.       The main questions I have:     How safe is it to continue taking the medicine like this?   The prescription really helps to slow down my thought process and allows me to feel more comfortable taking my time on things. I would like to remain on the prescription for a long time as it helps quite a bit with my daily functionality.  Should I cut back on the dosage or should I not be taking the medicine daily?  With school and daily class, it is important to me to be on my A-game and be ready to be as successful academically as I can be.  And lastly, I have heard rumors that it is dangerous to quit taking the medicine cold turkey. Are these just rumors or if I decide to stop taking the medicine for any reason, should I wean myself off of it over time?  If you guys have any advice or can answer these questions, I would greatly appreciate it!
Hello champs,I am on speed now and haven't felt that good in years. It seems as if my concentration and energy has fallen below a degree the past two years, I dont feel familiar with anymore. I have took a low dose and this state of mind is just how I felt before the decline of brain activity. This is a state I want to stay, but I don't want to use medication to keep it going. Basically what I am asking you is if there is an alternitive for this? Not especially anything to ingest.
What song, when you listen to it sober, most recreates the mindspace of the acute effects of various psychoactive drugs you've tried? Obviously musical tastes vary widely, if anyone replies, it will be interesting to see the differences in various folks' musical conceptualization of our psychoactive companion molecules.Here's some of mine:Mephedrone/4-MMC- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lREZy9LBsKIValium/diazepam- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FrOQC-zEogMethamphetamine- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M02C7JCSe1Yopiates- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULXqfh3_n4wOpiate withdrawal- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbQGhJDhfUMCocaine- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPbCRmrCtE82CB- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rr0MbAyWyq4DXM- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uabChNfWAcM&nohtml5MDMA- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2In9EQttpps&nohtml5=Weed- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnt-fq6NzKo&nohtml5=
Hey guys, my friends and I have recently acquired these 3 drugs and we're planning on taking them relatively soon. Also it will be my first time using any of them. I'm using mdma on Dec 26 and was wondering if there's any danger in using these drugs  in a one to two month span. I know not to take m again  for at least 3 months for your serotonin and all. Does anyone know if it's safer to use one of them before the others or if it even matters? 
I was prescribed Trintellix today, which is an SSRI and I wondered if it would be safe to do meth while taking it. I know meth acts on serotonin in the brain so could it cause serotonin syndrome to take the two together? And would it effect my high at all?
Yo dudes and dudettes,So in my 20 yung years of my life I have had intense, never-ending, and just all around crippling anxiety for the majority of my life. So at 14, out of curiosity I tried pot. Once I tried it, I became fascinated with it because it was a way I could rebel safely against my parents (they were strict and lets just say I was a pussy). Anyways, even though many times I would smoke pot would lead to me either feeling really anxious or really depressed and the other times it was only a feeling of complete joy and relaxation; I continued into even now at 20 smoking pot daily .my theory is that it was just intensifying all my feelings making whichever one I feel in that moment the one I would define my experience based off of. (if that makes sense).The entry of benzos into my life is a really complicated story, but my first introduction of benzos came to me when I was living abroad in South America at 17. My doctor gave me a bunch and told me to take them whenever I felt I needed them. I ended up just blacking out for a week and not even know it because I was stupid and had never even heard of a benzo in those days (I mainly stuck to weed and psychedelic related stuff,.... and opiates) Waking up from a week long blackout is scary as fuck if you dont expect it, I thought I was going crazy until I looked up the drug and stuff (it was .5mg kpins), and my mom told me I was fucked up. I hated it so I didnt take any benzos for close to 6 months In my first year of college I started my heavy use of xanax. It was fucking everywhere, and this girl I was stupidly really into had gone full bartard in front of my own eyes, along with fucking hundreds of kids I swear my school was a factory of bartards just churning them out. So it was hard to avoid. And I didnt (or couldnt). So lets just say the next 2 years are spent going hard with the kpins and xanax (had a script for 3mg of kpin a day, those fucking doctors man). Tried to taper, and that sort of worked but I could never, and still have yet to accomplish going more than 2 weeks without taking at least 0.25mg of a benzo. Enter GABAPENTIN.I was going a little harder than usual on my benzo use (daily for a couple weeks) and I was afraid of wds. even if it was paranoia, I justify it because fucking 3mg was terrible coming off in a taper because I did it without a doctor's help. So I got to the doc and ask if she can help and if she thinks my use would warrant a taper plan. She was kinda a bitch and wouldnt give me even 10mg of valium because I told her I had access to xanax (my friend had tons and would just gift one to me once a week) she thought I would take it and overdose and die (her words. lets just say I didnt agree pretty loudly). Anyways she gives me a small script of gabapentin and says that is the most she will do. Eager for any relief I took it and was extremely surprised. All those feelings of anxiety surrounding coming off of benzos (which was always in the front of my mind) was completely gone, and I felt fucking euphoric. To me, Gabapentin is like a super clear headed (almost stimulated) alcohol like high with a little psychedelic aspect to it. It is truly a unique compound and the reason I like it so much is 2 reasons:1.) it is super safe. Gabapentin is not absorbed by your body well at all. It does not make you so compulsive or out of it (if anything you are more there) It is really dose dependent (if you want to get a buzz off it you should look up guides but 300mg taken every half hour until full dose is ingested is optimal for absorption) and the absorption rate is as follows [Source](http://www.rxlist.com/neurontin-drug/clinical-pharmacology.htm) >Bioavailability of gabapentin is approximately 60%, 47%, 34%, 33%, and 27% following 900, 1200, 2400, 3600, and 4800 mg/day given in 3 divided doses, respectively. 2.) It is easier to get than benzos (doctors seem to be pushing it these days). One of my main concerns with benzos (other than them being pretty fucking addictive) is that there are certain scenarios that would force you to go into wds. Those are:*doctor (or whatever plug you got) cuts you off or is merely on vacation and cant help solve a problem at the pharmacy and you are stuck going into wds (most common seen probably half a dozen people have this happen to them personally). *You go to jail. There are drugs in jail, but [this dude](http://budgeandheipt.com/blog/drug-withdrawal-in-prison-lawsuit-wrongful-death/) this dude didnt have the luxury of finding them.*You go somewhere where you cant get benzos. I like hiking for example and it is scary hoping your pills are ok the whole time. With Gabapentin you dont need to worry about any of this because of the doctors give you a fuckload. It isnt nearly as addictive as benzos (even though it produces an effect, it is unique enough that I dont care to do it all the time, whereas benzos I seem to do super compusively.) IT doesnt cause physical dependency nearly as quickly as benzos, and doesnt completely erase anxiety. I mean to say it doesnt just dull everything, you still have feelings and are not a zombie. Social anxiety is almost gone, and at least I found, that it really made me more willing to be socially ambitious than my normal self.I really like gabapentin and it hurts me seeing all these kids trying to get xans from their doctor cause future told them to. TLDR: GABAPENTIN IS BETTER THAN XANAX FOR ANXIETY OF ALL TYPES AND PRODUCES A MUCH MORE CLEAR HEADED AND EUPHORIC BUZZ WITHOUT MAKING YOU RETARDED. Good read if youre interested:http://www.rxlist.com/neurontin-drug/clinical-pharmacology.htm[HELPS TREAT ALCOHOL DEPENDENCY](https://www.nih.gov/news-events/news-releases/nih-funded-study-finds-gabapentin-may-treat-alcohol-dependence)
2.5 years ago, I had never done drugs and would never consider it.2.5 years later, I'm packing my luggage, and strewn about I have my scale, LSD microdoses, GHB containers, and etizolam bottle. (already used up all my 4-FA parachutes). Puberty took longer.Everyone has a moment in their life, a partition that determines before and after. For me, it's when I discovered how drugs can enhance life.Apologies for the random, possibly meaningless reflection. A bit drunk and procrastinating packing.
Would it be dangerous to take around 250ug LSD, 270mg DXM, whippets, weed, possibly a little xanax for anxiety, and vyvanse like 4 hours before everything else? I understand none of these specifically react poorly together, but was just wondering how intense/advisable this combo would be, as well as if I'd have any heart rate or breathing problems or anything like that. I also have kratom if you guys think that would help. 
I have built up a small tolerance to benzos and have done codeine enough times to know it's pretty lame haha. Regardless, I have currently ingested .5 klonopin and .5 xanax (through the afternoon at work) and to relax when I got home I took 110mg codeine, 10mg diazepam and am sipping on a rum and coke. However I am still feeling pretty shitty from a generally bad just a bit tired but nowhere near "Fucked up" I just want to feel blissfully relaxed.  Will adding 5mg of nitrazepam kill me? Edit: added another .5 xanax and not even nodding. Just feel hot and bored. What is wrong with me? 

I was wondering if anyone has had the pleasure of experiencing the low dose quinidine and dxm combo who could share their experience with this combo.Obligatory character filler:In a 12-week randomized, double-blind trial, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and multiple sclerosis patients with significant PBA were given either Nuedexta 20/10 mg or placebo. In 326 randomized patients, the PBA-episode daily rate was 46.9% (p < 0.0001) lower for Nuedexta than for placebo.[1] The three deaths in each of the two drug treatment arms and the single death in the placebo arm of the study were believed to be due to the natural course of the disease.[2]Nuedexta was approved in February 2011 and is marketed in the United States by Avanir Pharmaceuticals.Those seemingly unrelated drugs became associated so that low-dose quinidine inhibits dextromethorphan's breakdown. The latter has shown marginal efficacy in pseudobulbar syndrome due to rapid first-pass metabolism that reduces its bioavailability

What environment do you think synchronizes best for each drug?Personally one that sticks out for me is taking shrooms in the forest. No better place to connect with the nature spirits.......................... (character limit)
TLDR at bottomSo this happened over this last summer at bumbershoot music festival in Seattle. On the first day I probably took 4 shots then later my friend gave me some mdma (probably .1) and then when we were waiting for Tyler the creator to go on we smoked a j then my friend pulled out some coke and I took a bump. Like a minute after taking the bump my hearing slowly started to go fuzzy and muffled and my vision slowly started to get lighter and lighter until I could only see white and could just hear muffled sounds of people talking. I told my friend somehow I was gonna pass out and apparently went slump on him and he dragged me out and sat me down on the bleachers where I slowly got back to normal but once I could see and hear again my heart rate was sitting at 120bpm and my pulse was very weak. Do you guys have any idea what happened? And yes I know this was the dumbest decision ever and im never binging like that again.TLDR: took 4 shots, 100mg mdma, smoked a j, and a bump of coke. Vision went white and hearing fuzzy. Had to get dragged out and my resting heart rate when I could see and hear again was sitting at 120bpm and was very weak.
I'm a busy College student who crams and yesterday around 1pm I took 15mg of IR addy and decided to stay up all night studying and then took another 15mg adderal around 6am. Im just wondering what effects this will have on my cognition as well as physical damage/effects to my cardiovascular system.

Hi all,So I'm currently a senior in High School. Typical Straight A student, 4.2 GPA, i run a business, a nonprofit organization, and work for a nonprofit animal shelter as the development manager (in other words, I do all of their fundraising). Anyways, I have become EXHAUSTED. All my energy has been drained out of me and I have no motivation to do anything anymore. My grades have really been slipping bc I don't have time/energy/motivation to study.My question is, how helpful will Adderall be? What are the chances of addiction? Will it uplift me/make me more motivated/focused/etc? What are other drugs to help me gain energy (besides caffeine lol)?I've only experimented with weed, alcohol, and lsd before. Never with pills.ThanksEdit: not looking to use it long term, only until March when things at school begin to slow down
Hi, I will be taking shrooms this weekend for the first time, I smoke weed daily and have tried lsd once before. I'm planning on taking 3 g's (15 btw) and am wondering what you guys would suggest I do. It'll be daytime so I'll probably go on a hike through the woods near my house for sure since when I took lsd it was at night so I never got to see nature. I'll be taking it with one or two friends as well. Happy to hear any suggestions cause Phys. Science is boring as hell.
So finals week is almost here for me and a lot of other university students around the US, and of course that means drug use is gonna go up HELLA. Little kiddies who haven't taken anything besides coffee will find themselves on several-day adderall binges, or popping xans after their worst exams. Of course, with every drug taken there are downsides, and it got me wondering what perfect combos of drug effects would I want for different situations, if I could pick and choose my responses to the drugs? Some examples:Take a shit ton of benzos and a shit ton of stims, end up blacking out for two weeks but wake up having gotten perfect scores on all your finals LSD before an O-Chem exam where the CEVs show you all the mechanisms needed and the easiest path for a synthesisAnything to passively increase music euphoria, without the other effects of the drug (LSD, weed, DXM). I love all of these fully, but sometimes I find myself wishing that I could enhance music without the negative effects on other parts of my life Passive visual enhancement of my surroundings without loss of physical or mental coordinationAny others you can think of? 
Last weekend my friends and I got ourselves a bit of 2c-b, we were all really hyped up about it because of all the reviews we've read saying people love it. I am 99% sure we got decent stuff. Anyway, we measured 0.12g(120mg) on weights, deluded it in 12ml of water(used medical syringes) and after stirring for a decent 7-8 minutes we made sure none of the powder was seen, we got 3ml of water with 2c-b in each of 4 cups and drank it. Long story short we were *KIND OF* feeling it, visuals were really weak(barely moving shadows) and we were a bit disappointed cause we were told 30mg is pretty intense. Not only that but my buddy had worst come up of his lifetime(probably cause he didn't eat for the whole day while other of us ate a light breakfast). So there's that, we didn't really feel the warmth in the body, intense visuals and psychedelical effect. Any tips on how to properly ingest it with minimiZing the side effects of the come up? Additional story: later on that evening I snorted 20mg in one line and had THE most intense psychedelical effect in my life, my left nostril was screaming, my head was ringing and my left eye was crying, I was lying in agony on the bed not remembering the shape of the human head, watching the world tear apart by the visuals. When I closed my eyes it was so bright that I had to keep my eyes open. My gf was holding me tight comforting me saying I am going to be ok. When my friends came to ask if I was ok somebody in the room answered "I'm ok" and after about 30 seconds I realized it wasn't me who said that and I wanted to shout "I AM NOT OKAY! HELP ME" but all I could say is a gasped "fuuck" after that I got conscious-ish and we had a nice time passing the bowl. Moral of the story - don't snort doses higher than 10mg. Pain's not worth it.
Hey so Im going to a 3 day camp music festival and am deciding what to bring and when to take what. FLIGHT FACILITIES ARE BRINGING IT IN TO THE NEW YEAROn the list to bring- MDMA- LSD- Weed- Alcohol- Cigarettes- DXM? - Possibly 2C-B, Ketamine??? (What else??)I wanted to candyflip for the first time here but was thinking maybe just booze and weed the first day, LSD the second and MDMA the third.I've never tried 2CB and Ket but am thinking of stocking some. Anything else I shoulder consider stocking? I have onions.edit: also tips on getting shit in?
Hello, I have a gram of 3-FPM on the way however I was literally just prescribed an SNRI due to depression with lack of motivation being my most prevalent symptom. I've heard its unsafe to take SNRIs with stimulants, is this completely true with all off them? If I start dosing my script today, is there a window of time before the medication starts really working that I'd be able to use 3-FPM.Thanks for any advice any of you can give. 
Try to make this short and simple. From my first experience to my last (2 years ago) with pot it has always been a bad one. A simple puff or two from a joint is enough to send me sky rocketing into a terrible trip. Its very scary almost like a psychosis (personal experience induced from meth) lasting until i sleep waking with a huge hangover. every one seems against me, I'm extremely cold my vision narrows feels like a scary video game. I black out and view my self from a oob POV with loss of control. I've tried it from the lowest dealers to the best Dispensaries. Indica and sativa are with no difference of effects. Oddly enough I do just fine on psychedelics never had a bad trip from acid, DMT, mushrooms, 2cb.... in my near hundred plus trips, but pot.... Hell no! Obviously the easiest solution to this is "don't use man" which I won't again cause the fear of it is worse than anything I can describe. But I'm wondering if this has been heard of before and what it could be attributed to. Any thing you guys got I want to know. Also if you have questions I'd love to answer!
I was wondering if anyone had experience with taking meth while on this antidepressant. I just got it prescribed to me. Is it safe and will I still get high? It's an SSRI and meth works on serotonin, is there much risk of serotonin syndrome?
So to start, this was a long time ago but I vividly remember it all. (As you would after botching a life changing interview). I haven't been able to shake the experience since I had done it. so the story goes, that I'd biked 2.2 miles on my younger brothers bike. obviously, I was far too big for this bike but I knew it'd be faster than walking.  so I biked to my friend Zach's house (Not a real name) Zach had invited me over to smoke. we go into his garage and he opens up his already ground weed and says *"smell it"* so I do and **god damn, does this blue dream actually have a smell!~** I live in Wisconsin so the quality of bud here is very low. This blue dream was a little under the regular fire but tasted great. I'm also in Highschool (I'm 18) so the quality of dealers is the average $20 a g for mids. fire is nonexistent here from my experiences. so to begin, Zach as accustom to tradition - packs my lightweight ass a bat. couple tokes and I'm feeling pretty fine. we pack a bowl, start smoking it and sit down. Zach doesn't know much about weed and just claims its "good shit" I feel like I'm on the alien abduction ride at the fair, you know the one that spins fast as shit and lets you cling to the walls and go upside down? That one. But this isn't an indica, blue dream is Sativa dominant so I shouldn't be so couch locked!~ **I'm actually feeling very off balance by now.** my body is having ghost senses of actually spinning. I find myself tilting my head downwards to not feel the G-Force of this spinning. I look up to my friend Zach and I just say "BroOoOoOoOoo I think I'm spinning?!" and he's like "damn bro I am too haha"I get some texts from some kid trying to call me out, I'm responding to him and being all rational like, "Man, I don't know why we can't be friends you know? I'm sorry I called you fat. all our friends we're calling you fat and Ik I'm new in town but I thought it would be chill!~" and he keeps repeating "This is why you shouldn't smoke" so I see that and **BOOM** I'm no longer spinning. but my vision is now fucked. the only way I can explain it is *stair-stepping* my vision was wack and everything was moving like [A waterfall from pokemon](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/W8v3d90Z68c/hqdefault.jpg) falling downwards causing me to really have to focus. like the amount of focus you'd need to avoid seeing *eye floaters on your eyeballs* so we left to go to the gas station. They go in and buy food and I'm high trying to not seem high by reading the nutritional facts on the back of a bag of chips.  (again I was new to smoking) but my vision hyper focuses on the barcode, and I get some INSANE TUNNEL VISION which is only broken up by a friend (not Zach, we'll call em Tyler. forgot to mention him) saying *"You coming?"* So we walk out and go back to Zachs. I forgot to mention we excitedly RAN down his road before asking why the hell we ran down the road and stopping because it looked sketchy. So we get back, and whatever they say they're tired. rather Zach speaks for Tyler and I have to go. I get on my bike and pedal fast as FUCK as its not 2am yet and the police are still out and about stopping minors. so I'm casually biking and **MY YOUNGER BROTHERS BIKE PEDAL FALLS OFF** and I find my foot falling and catching, I try to catch myself by putting my foot down but my dumb ass stopped the wheel. I immediately front flip and land on my back. I stand up to see some LED headlights from what I'd assume was a cop. (I live in a rural-ish town, LED headlights usually mean police) and I start *BOLTING* with the bike, feeling like it was slowing me down. I threw the bike down a hill and it crashed into a pine tree and I thought *"Oh great, that's like camo so nobody steals it"* and I start fucking sprinting. dead sprint with no stoppage. 2.2 miles like a FUCKING OLYMPIAN until I get into my house. everything was a bit patchy with the running but I never stopped and proceeded to hyperventilate for a solid 5 mins before passing out in bed. I wake up **and the fucked up vision is still there**  at this point, however, If I focus on something I can maintain clarity, until about 5-7 seconds before I start to get a tunnel vision with the stair stepping images. It's been a solid **8 hours** since I'd smoked and I was still getting this fucked up vision. fast forward the day my mother asks if I'd like to go out to eat so I, of course, choose Chinese food. It's now **13 Hours** since I'd smoked and I'm still getting the tunnel vision if I don't focus **very fucking hard** Mother asks if I want to go to Walmart and I'm sure she knows I'm on something because I could hardly have a conversation without zoning the fuck out looking at my noodles. no color disparity or anything. just fucked up vision. so I go to Walmart, she asks if I want to come in and I state I'd just wait in the car. **14 hours in** I decide enough is enough and close my eyes and eventually fall asleep. at this point, we hit hour 15 and I'm still getting OEV's and it doesn't end until the next day. Next day I deliberately tell my friend whoever he bought from. that shit was definitely laced. friend frequently fucks people over who try to buy from him by stating he "lost" his weed or got "robbed" when his fatass really just probably smoked it. He later comes out to say that it was in fact laced with Adderall or so his friend had told him. *at this point I'm realizing my body is covered in aching bruisies and open cuts / scrapes from my high speed bike crash* jesus fuck was I banged up, yet at the time I felt nothing. woke up with pulled leg muscles. covered in dried blood - sheets splotched as if I'd fucked my girlfriend on her period ontop of my bedsheets. little dabs of blood here and there. I have ADHD and had taken Adderall for years. been off meds for 7 years and knew that Adderall wouldn't have had a visual effect like it did. Anytime I'd smoke /unlaced/ weed the next day I'd get the same visuals in the morning. often hitting me unexpectedly 3 hours in. yet had been fine when I'd woken up. *I was in the most important interview of my life* with the international director for my modeling agency. literally the key to going to LA/NYC and perhaps internationally to France. she was speaking with me and everything was fine until I'd partially zoned out and found myself fighting the OEV stair stepping tunnel vision. she was talking and I was picking up none of it. until she said *"You need to know exactly if you want to do this. you need to be 100% this is what you want to do so you can be a good investment on our part."* I can't remember what I even said but the Director of new faces said I needed to put an inch all around my body and 2 inches on my chest to become international. I than went on to try out for a 60 second PSA commercial. *but couldn't act due to heavy OEV-tunnel vision - the week after my supposed laced weed. /r/Drugs was my weed laced? TL;DRSmoked weed - had OEV's for over 24 hours. OEV's were reminiscent of an escalator moving downwards. I needed to heavily focus on NOT- the visual or else I'd end up looking at the ground. I dead sprinted 2.2 miles home after severly injuring myself and felt nothing.    Ghost OEV's the next couple of weeks a day after smoking and being sober for hours. Weeks after still experiencing OEV's after smoking pot. especially in moments where I needed to focus / be human.     I don't know what I fucked with. but I don't think it was Adderall and the experience was fun **because of weed** but I jeopardized my chances of international modeling on the spot and was sent back to put on weight. P.S. When I say new to smoking - I mean like a solid 3 months+ in rather than just a few times. *Is that new? I think thats pretty new*
I have pretty bad anxiety and have a lot of troubles presenting, and though I do have xanax I can usually deal well enough with the anxiety without it.However whenever I have a presentation of any sort my anxiety peaks and I almost break down unless I take xanax, which I would greatly prefer not to take ( went through a couple recreational binges, don't want to get into it again)So one day my friends were rolling and I had shit to do so I couldn't join them, so I just took a little bump, and my anxiety was completely gone and I was more social (took like .06-.04, maybe even less)If I were to do this maybe when I had a presentation instead of the xanax would it be really bad for my brain?I would be doing this maybe before my presentations probably once a month, maybe two times a month.Is this a terrible idea? I really don't wana get hooked on xanax again and from the one time I've done it it has really helped me
Sorry if I begin to ramble, I just started thinking about this during an acid trip a few days ago and wanted to hear other people's perspectives.When I was in high school I smoked weed and that was it, but since coming to college (I'm finishing my first semester of my sophomore year) I've tried all sorts of things like LSD, shrooms, MDMA, adderall/vyvanse, cocaine etc. I know that I want to experience these things and many others but I can already see that this is just a phase of experimentation and that one day it'll be over. I also have not been negatively affected by any of these drugs, quite the opposite actually. I feel like I've grown and changed in ways I never would've thought. I've become a much different (and from my eyes, a much better) person, yet I still feel like it's a distinct chapter in my life that I know will be over at some point, and that thought doesn't make me sad or disappointed. I've always planned for DMT to be the final thing I try. Based on what I've read and heard, it is one of the most life changing experiences someone can have. When I've officially become satisfied with experimenting with everything, I want to take DMT and see what happens. If I decide that I still want to do drugs after that I most likely will (assuming they haven't been impacting me in a bad way). If not, then I'll at least be satisfied with the experiences I've had.I just wanted to know if anybody else thinks or feels like this? That this is all just to try and experiment and that it's not a super long term or permanent part of their lives?As a side note, I would not consider myself dependent on any of the substances I've tried and am very careful to not abuse any one thing because I don't want to become dependent, so, I'm speaking from a point of view of non-addicted casual drug user who has control over his urge to do or not do drugs.Quick edit: I typed this out on mobile and spent a good amount of time proof reading it only to realize I put a period and not a question mark in the title right as I hit submit. :(
I've been participating in the drug culture for around 7 years now. Started with weed, and then ecstasy at shitty raves. In college I experimented with psychedelics like peyote, lsd, and mushrooms. Alcohol became apart of my life when I turned 20 years old because I started dating an alcoholic (I was young and dumb). Presently I'm actively engaging in cocaine, which has most definitely become a habit this past year and a half ( I'm high on that rn which is why I'm even writing this post).  I dabbled in pills like Xanax and opiums, which I was never much of a fan of; I'm definitely partial towards my stimulates.I'm not sure what this post is about. Maybe I just want someone to relate to how I feel. I'm a functional drug user for the most part. I'm earning my bachelor's and scored a full time job that pays well. My drug use has had its consequences like failing classes and getting fired from a job. I feel like the more I live this life, the more I identify myself as a drug user... and doesn't feel good. I wonder if I'll ever stop or if I'll become one of those sad cases where people will say I had so much potential and wasted it away. Do I have enough resilience in me to overcome these impulses to get high? I hope so. I know a couple people who read this will relate. We're never alone in how we feel and what we go through.Another thought is why we're even in this situation. I believe environment has a huge part in it. When we start using drugs to escape, that's when the fun stops and the negativity in our lives has found a new way to cope and soothe itself. This is where addiction is born.
bcos now, after seeing how well i CAN ACTUALLY FOCUS, it feels almost like a big fat joke that genetics has played on me. I dont even know to think anymore. oh wait, adderall helps me think better too. what the hail...
I was reminiscing about the teen years and started to remember just how absurd my best friend and I were to our parents when obviously getting caught smoking weed.&nbsp; My personal best: My mom walked in on me hitting my MFLB, and I quickly pretended I was viciously masturbating and yelled at her to leave.&nbsp; My best friend's: He walks out in the middle of the night to his car. Unlike me, he just has a Zeppelin to toke with, so the smell is completely obvious if you recognize it. Anyway, when he goes back in his house, his dad is standing right near the door in pitch black. He says "[name] where did you go? Have you been..." [Name] quickly cuts him off and says this, "I uh... dad. I think I might be gay." And then he runs off to his room and nothing more was ever mentioned.&nbsp; Isn't it a bit silly that we'd rather pretend we're violently pleasuring ourselves or partaking in another sexuality instead of inhaling a plant?&nbsp; Now here comes the good part: We loved to vape weed in my closet. However, one time we're packing a bowl for the go, and then as soon as we open my closet door: my mom is standing 2 feet in front of us. Yes, my best friend and I came out of the closet to my mom. Just read that sentence again. I have no idea what I said, but it was something like "I um, if I was, it's not what it looks, im not weed, closet, narnia, might be gay."  &nbsp; Do y'all have any stories like this?
A while ago, I went on a night out after watching dr strange at the cinema on acid and it completely changed my drinking habits.My plan of action when i go out now is to take half a tab maybe an hour before i go out (sometimes more or less). The benefits of this are that i can drink about 1.5x as much as usual and drink anyone under the table. I can do this while not completely losing my senses and normally ending up the responsible one, due to everyone else trying to keep up, i remember the whole night and i get no nausea at any point. I then wake up the next day and can play football or go to a lecture at say 10am (after getting in at 5/6) and be completely fresh. Mild visuals are always a bonus as well in my eyes (pardon the pun).The issue i have, which is really a non issue because i can get acid very cheap easily, is now i don't want to drink without it because I can't be fucked getting hungover and all the negatives that come with alcohol.Note that I have done a lot of acid and would be comfortable in most situations on half a tab.tl;dr take acid on night out, makes alcohol into a drug with no side effects (other than maybe my liver)
I was wondering when you realised you were addicted to Xanax. How much were you taking and how often? I ask because I have recently started using 1-2mg 1-2 times a week and want to know how close I am to getting addicted. The idea of addiction is scary to me as I have an anxiety disorder and I am already addicted to my prescription (Mirtazapine). I want to be able to use Xanax in moderation but I am already getting urges to use more often. Any advice is welcome.
This morning, I broke my clavicle while riding my bike. at the hospital, they gave me IV morphine (my first experience with opioids). I hated it. I didn't like the way it made feel hot, or nauseous, or spacey. After the visit, I was prescribed 20 oxycodone pills. It recommends taking one every 6 hours, which feels like a lot.Should i just follow the instructions? any behaviors i should look out for?
I just dosed 500mg of propylhexedrine and jamming the fuck out to some rap and dubstep (Rae Sremmurd and Skrillex, if you're curious) and I just feel like I'm about to cry I feel so good!! Head tingles,   a full body ASMR feeling, music releasing more dopamine making it even better and (warning: NSFW) my dick feels like it's in a constant low-level orgasm. THIS ISN'T EVEN THE PEAK, DAWG!!Has anyone else experienced this? This is only my second time taking propylhexedrine, but I'm well versed in stimulants. The only other drugs that's made me feel this good was shrooms, and if you've taken shrooms and had a good trip, you know it feels fucking amazing nigga If any of you guys wanna talk so I'm not so lonely, hmu in my pm or in the comments, I'll probably respond to everything in no time! 😂 
Hi!I thought that we could brainstorm here about some good ways of dealing and not get caught. So far what I have thought is this: I would order a kilo of product from the darkweb to three different addresses witch would have postboxes untraceable to me. Then I would hire A good friend of mine let's say his name is Ape (who would get 5-10% of the profit) to hire a friend of his who he trusts whose name is Monkey (who would get 1-2% of the profit) to go get the product from one postbox and give it to Ape. Then I would sell it locally in darkweb with a profit of around 50$ a gram. Every time I would get an order I'd send the details to my friend Ape who would pack the order and send it to the client. Ofcourse Ape would be really carefull while packing and use gloves,facemask and a hat. Then when the first 330 grams are gone I'd tell Ape to tell Monkey to get the new pack from different box and maybe order a new pack to the empy box. And continue it like that. What would you do differently and why? Or you have a better idea how you would be shielded on a drug business from cops?Sven
I just got off from drug diversion today. I should not get tested any more. The only thing I'm waiting on is paperwork saying I don't need to go to anymore court. How long is it suggested I wait until I can partake again? I asked about drinking, but the people didn't give me a solid answer. Thanks in advance for any help. 
Ive done this probably 15 or 20 times now . I only do it maybe once a month or less , i take 60mg and 200mg of caffine then about a hour later another 20mg and 100mg of caffine . Ive heard people call it poor mans adderall because the high is simular, is this ok for my body?

Hi allI've been dealing with depression and anxiety for over 10 years. but for the most part, I've killed off the anxiety. I've had a strange year where I came off fluoxetine (stupidly), and because I'm in a foreign country, was prescribed an unusual antidepressant, and the benzo "Clonazepam" because I mentioned in passing that I have some trouble sleeping.The following week, I had so much more energy and although my depression lingered, I was definitely a far happier person. Due to being referred to a psychiatrist, I soon ended up being only on the antidepressant (flupentixol/melitracen, for the record) and not the benzo.Fast forward to now, I'm leaving this country in a few days, and because I'm a little anxious about my situation , I decided to take my last remaining two benzos as previously prescribed by my doctor, just before bed (over two nights). I'm still on the antidepressant.After the second night, that previous state of energy and happiness returned in the middle of the following day, and then vanished the day after. Now I'm left wondering about these benzos. I have a few questions for you guys.What kind of problem might I have that a benzo might be more effective for me than an antidepressant for treating my depression, when I have almost no anxiety to speak of?Is it simply that the antidepressant and clonazepam are working together in some way?I should add that while my depression manifests with anhedonia at times, for the most part I am simply just tired and irritable when not on any antidepresssants, and hence my depression can be considered somewhat mild. I'm starting to wonder if depression is not the "root", but rather the depression is the result of some kind of "constant stress" state that I picked up during difficult times in my past, and the benzos are giving me relief from that state, allowing me to access energy levels usually being taken up by the stress. Almost like some kind of PTSD.ThanksFootnote: My brother describes benzos as being like "clean drinking", and I really like to drink, if that counts for anything. I'm no addict though!

Hey guys I just did a line (pretty much a coke virgin; only done it one other time) and it's getting me pretty good. I have another one that I will do in a little while, and while I'm not planning on continuing cocaine use as a frequent user I just started wondering if people can develop a coke tolerance and if so how quickly?Like this is one line on the smaller size and I'm pretty fucking high, do regular users need more than this to get the same feeling? Will you ever get the same high as the first time, or is like H where you get that dragon chase going? Answer or not, I just needed to fucking write something lol
My main squad of friends are all becoming thugs who sell drugs, steal shoes, liqs and phones at parties. We ate all going to university but this is honestly as close as I'll get.Almost all they do is related to crime slightly like smoking a joint always  and they still like me when i dont.They do drinking/high and driving with no license and underage.I can live life like the weeknd did in trilogy, but I can not fuck up my life, but I've wanted it so bad and for so long.I'm tempted.
I heard a while back a story of somebody picking up a prescription and all the pills in the bottle being something different by mistake. Ever since then I check every pill I take to make sure it matches the description. I figured the likeliness of this actually happening was slim to none but it makes me feel better to check. Tonight I was taking my gabapentin prescription and noticed one of the pills had different markings on it. I looked it up and it's a 20mg ritilan pill. I was shocked I checked the rest of the bottle but it was the only pill out of the ordinary. Has anybody else had something like this happen to them? 
Right now im studying for naval achitecture exams.Im not getting sidetracked ever 10 minutes, and im also not frantically making schedules to make plans while furiously jerking off a limp dick.Im studying, and i want to study and keep studying.Thanks ritalin.Best of luck to all my fellows on here studying too, we'll killem I tellya.
What drugs would intensify using headphones to listen to music, or playing the guitar? And I mean besides LSD because where I am there is no real acid it's all just rc's. There's really nothing online that tells me about music intensification on drugs. 
The piece will cover various psychedelics, their history, their pharmacological effects, and their use in the medical field, specifically psychotherapy. The goal is to demystify the nature of psychedelics, as well as disprove and discuss many commonly inaccurate beliefs about their effects and about those who have used and will continue to use them. I'm currently in the process of collecting statements from organizations such as MAPS, Families For Sensible Drug Policy, LEAP, Drug Policy Alliance, and so forth. More importantly I'm trying to garner statements and hopefully some form of Q&A from the likes of David Nichols, Rick Doblin, and other leading figures on the subject. However, in an attempt to denounce many of these inaccurate beliefs and those who exhort them, I'm also in the collecting comments and statements from various groups and individuals who are active opponents towards legalization, even at the research and therapeutic level.Statistical analysis based on the the available data we have will be done on usage patterns of various groups, the background of these groups, and how these groups typically pan out in society both in terms of their overall happiness and what we as a society consider as success, socio-economic success.Considering the extensive nature of something like this, I would love to hear any suggestions on what you feel should be included and discussed in the piece. If there are certain groups or individuals who you feel I should specifically attempt to contact, please let me know.And as one final note, as much as I would love to provide all the anecdotes possible, they really wouldn't serve much purpose in terms of the piece. Specifically those behind the mysticism behind psychedelics. This is mainly because I don't think tripping is like flipping a switch to introspection and some form of deeper understanding. It can help facilitate that. It might shatter the way you view a lot of things, it might not. At the very least that someone without any sort of guidance or direction can get a different perspective on the themselves, the world, and their place in it out of the experience. Regardless if a trip has been good or bad, the experiences I've had(which had direction and "purpose"), at least on the more intense end of the spectrum, were the closest I think you can get to what it means to be a human and an individual. And to attempt to universally describe or explain what it means to shatter what "you" is to a thousand pieces and face the bones of your humanity can be one of the most difficult and rewarding experiences. The problem is that, there might be ten groups of people who think what I said is a load of shit for ten different reasons because of how subjective that aspect of psychedelics inherently is. However, a small portion would be dedicated to convey the hallmark characteristics and effects of certain substances. I'm all years.**TL;DR**I'm making an extensive piece on psychedelics which cover their history, pharmacology, and most importantly their use is psychotherapy. Various leading individuals and organizations will be contacted and hopefully will take up an opportunity to discuss or comment on the various topics. Tell me what you think should be included and discussed or if you have any general suggestions. 
I love kratom. I usually buy green malay and my sweet spot is around 7 grams. The only downside is that i always get a little nauseous when i'm a few hours in. So this time i decided to smoke some weed with it, since weed numbs your stomach. It just worked perfect! The weed took away all the nausea kratom gives me, and the kratom took away all the anxiety weed gives me. Very calm and clear headspace. 10/10 combo.
Sorry in advance for the wall of text...           I've done weed only twice. That was the only time I've ever done any drugs, and it was probably the craziest thing I have done. I play the guitar alot and I'm pretty good at it, and I also loooove led Zeppelin and the Beatles and especially psychedelic rock. One of the big reasons I did weed was to get the meaning behind all the music I love, to see the inspiration that these artists had. My friend told me the music was sick while you're high, so I was kinda excited. We smoked in a remote spot out in the woods, and I hit the bong a bunch, because I wasnt sure what my tolerance was, and I didn't feel any major effects for the first 20 minutes, so I just kept hitting the bong. When we finally packed up our gear and started the walk back to his car, that's when it kicked in. I was looking down at my feet when I first noticed the effects, the rythym of my footsteps just started pulsing in my head, each step felt like a lifetime, but I couldn't remember the footstep before it. My mind was racing, and every thought that came to my head, I spoke out, my friend told me to shut up and enjoy the high but it was too much. I also couldn't stop laughing at the dumbest stuff, especially the other people in the park.The walk back to his car probably took like 5 minutes but it felt like a lifetime, nothing felt real anymore. He started up his car, turning on led Zeppelin BBC studio album 'whole lotta love'. The music's intensity was insane, the fingerboard crackling and the strings shredding. The feeling of the music was all encompassing, the rhythm of the drums, the pumping guitar riff, the wail of Robert plant, it was insane. It felt like every wavelength of the music was absorbed and processed, making a span of a few seconds last hours. The guitar solo kicked in. Jimmy page used a wah on this version, it made the music even more intense. The guitar talked to me, the sassy riffs filled me with this intense energy. It was only like 30 minutes since I'd smoked, but I was already getting intense visuals, my vision wavering between green and blue, my feild of view massively expanded. I had no idea how my friend was driving, I couldn't focus on anything, with all the sensory input flooding me all at once. He only took like 2 hits, but i was still really anxious about other cars on the road, giving them names, shouting at my freind not to hit 'james' or 'Sam'.My brain was filled with so many ideas, and I spoke all of them out. I was really curious of my current highness, as I have never done any drugs before, and it was a weird feeling.  My friend again told me to chill and just enjoy the high so I did, focusing on distant objects on the road, watching them grow and flow closer to me.We made it to my house, and I immediately needed to spend some energy. I put on my headphones, and put on 25 or 6 to 4 while warming up my tubes in my amp. As I started playing along with tarry Kath, the guitar was no longer just an instrument in my hands, it was a wand. My fingers manipulated the strings like I had never done before, I felt the sounds of the song in my head and added what I wanted here and there. I shut my eyes tight, all the different sounds played colors across my sight, each note from my guitar spewed psychedelic swirls over my closed eyes. I felt like a fucking wizard, adapting to the music easily, filling every part of my body with this rhythmic satisfaction. I barely noticed how exerting it was, dancing and swinging so hard to the music, finding my headphones wet with sweat. I played along to a few more songs, and made up a few new tunes of my own. This lasted until the end of my high, when I was completely spent, and fell asleep on my sofa.My freind left me with a 3/4 gram, which he said I could keep. The next day I smoked the rest of it, but this time I wanted to do something  new and different. After I was pretty buzzed, I put on my headphones, and went on a long run. I think I ran about 6k in like 21 minutes, and wasn't that tired afterwards. The high just sustained my pace, and the music in my headphones kept me distracted from acting to baked in front of other people in the park. Overall I had I really positive experience, and learned alot of things about myself and pot. I don't think I want to do anymore weed again soon because I'm afraid that that high will get addicting, and also I definitely don't like how I felt my mental capacity impaired. 
Hey guys, quick question: I'll probably buy some weed for me alone and I got two offers: 5g less quality chronic weed or 4g "normal" bubblegum. What would you recommend to someone with very low tolerance? I just want it to last as long as possible but it should get me high of course This is what he wrote: "For those of you who are price-oriented, we offer you a real good deal. This products have different shortcomings, for example most of the buds are just small or very tiny parts of big buds. Some of the other buds are normal sized but dont look as good as our standard. All of it is smokeable and potent. But there is a variety of different grades of potency, this is the main reason for the discount."Thanks 
Hello everyone yesterday I decided to try coke for my first time. It looked dank and came in a rock and we only got a half gram. We put a fat line into a joint then started railing lines. It effected me but it really wasn't that great. I didn't feel pumped up or ready to go or anything like I've heard it does to people. We gummed it and it made our faces numb as fuck but after like a minute thirty. Was it just bad coke?We each railed 4 decent size lines. And could feel it but not a lot. Tbh I'd rather buy a quarter for 50 then a half g of coke. Is this drug overhyped?
I was looking into taking a bit of adderall during my micro dose tomorrow and stumbled upon a bunch of thread sayin theres a bunch of the harmful effects of simply micro dosing adderall, are they true?? That makes no sense to me because when a Doctor prescribed you adderall your instructed to take it once a day so wouldn't you have the same effects???
Sunday night at about 10:30pm, I tried LSD for the first time. Usually I've heard LSD is a "daytime" drug, but my work schedule wasn't going to allow that. I had Monday and Tuesday off, so the timing seemed perfect.The trip itself was underwhelming. Perhaps it's my perscription Adderall use increasing my Monoamine oxidase inhibitors, or perhaps it's my already dry sense of fascination, but it wasn't at all what I expected it to be. That's not to say it wasn't fun, I mean my god my brain felt like a playground, and I finally truly understood what the hype was about. My friends and I laughed forever. The shadows cast from a vase on a glass table seemed to dance like a lava lamp on the wall that was breathing like it too had the urge to experience life. Poetic shit like that was racing in my mind.The real enigmatic moments were actually after it wore off. I thought a lot about why it effected me in such a shallow way, with no real emotion. I realized that night that I use too much Adderall (I take two 30's a day, and I'm only 130 lbs). I've known this for a long time, but I finally realized why I glamorized this lifestyle. I spend too much time trying to ignore the things I can't define, and that's unfair to me. I've become too left brained. I'm going to lower my dose, or maybe go back on wellbutrin because honestly, those times were the most happiest for me. I just got caught up trying to be the most efficient human being I can be, but at the end of the day, it's not worth being a robot. I need to find a balance. Moderation. It really is paramount.Anyway, thanks for listening. I think I might do LSD again, perhaps next year sometime. It's definitely too precious to do it again anytime soon.
I've been prescribed 20mg Adderal IR for about three years now. I started with Adderal XR but hated the fact that I'd usually still be on it and night and be unable to sleep. So my doctor switched me over to IR, which has been exponentially better. I take the IR as needed, which is before school, work, etc.I recently decided to try to snort my pills, in an attempt to get more of a rush/buzz. About half of a 20mg in the nose did the same for me as popping the full 20mg. Obviously, the affects did not last as long being snorted. So for the past few days I've been doing 5-10mg bumps to keep me going throughout the day. This has done me good so far, until today.Today I railed about 15mg, then got right into writing a 10-page essay I have due this friday. Considering I started snorting at 5mg, then went up to about 7.5mg, and to 10mg, I was expecting to get fucking wired from doing 15mg. It actually didn't hit me very hard I noticed. Later, I picked at my nose, and removed all chunks of the orange powder trapped in both my nostrils. Probably half of the 15mg I snorted was clumped up there. Or it could be built up from the 5mg I bumped earlier today, or who knows.So my questions go out to avid adderal users who have experience snorting:-How do I prevent the powder from clumping in my nose? -How unhealthy is this? I get that it's generally unsafer than simply eating the pill, but exactly how damaging is it for me to snort the drug vs eating it?-Is there anyway I can increase the efficiency of snorting? Examples would be making smaller, thinner lines; position of the straw; consistency of the powder; etc.-What is your opinion in dosage difference? If eating a regular 20mg is good for me, is snorting 10mg not enough? Should I try snorting the whole 20?-Overall, what is your opinion of snorting vs eating adderal? Does it affect you better? Worse? What experiences do you have with it? Also, if I'm a complete retart for thinking this is a good idea, please tell me. Thanks guys!
Ok /r/Drugs, I made a big mistake and I too 1.3mg of Xanax before a Politicians meeting that I have. I'm a senior in Highschool an this is a huge deal, basically a stepping stone to my future. I accidentally took 1/3mg of Xanax before I realized I had to be at this meeting, my phone calendar switched the date to tomorrow. Basically I have to meet a ton of people and I had taken 1/mg of Xanax about 45 minutes ago. The dinner is in about 30 minutes. I now am realizing that this is going to be a big problem. I have to meet very influential people that could help me get a dream job helping people. Now, I'm wondering what I should do? My arms feel heavy and it's getting harder to type. **I will keep you all updated as the night goes on. PLEASE HELP!!! It has been about 35 minutes since I took them.**
I currently take a low dose of adderall everyday (15mg) due to chronic fatigue. I look to get off this in the future for reasons. What drug would be safer than adderall to take everyday that is effective for chronic fatigue. (Except modafinil) I take kratom like twice/thrice a week and it wakes me up pretty well. Would this be better for me to take every day? What else
For my first time mixing alcohol with benzos, I had a bad experience. 1 bar (2mg), 1 beer and 2 glasses of wine. An hour after drinking the last glass of wine I have no recollection of what happened for the next 7 hours. I became a zombie and people the next day told me the dumb things I did.I have not much an alcohol tolerance at all and a pretty low benzo tolerance. I was thinking a quarter of a bar (0.5mg) would maybe go well with 2 beers. I'm wondering if any of you have mixed and matched with different doses and different alcohol amounts that know the perfect combo. I want to have the right Xanax dosage that would potentiate my 2 beers to mellow me out, but not cause a black out.
So people the year is coming to a close and Im starting to plan for NYE or what drugs to take to be specific. I was thinking a lil bit of 2cb which i have never taken before and keta. Weed is a given, booze maybe. What are you planning on taking? What are you doing? I dont even know what to do yet, need to talk to my peeps for that lol.Last year I was just taking molly and weed but since I was redosing all fucking night (until like 10am lol) i dont remember shit, i dont want this to happen again. Is 2cb and keta a better combo then?Stay fresh!
How do you become addicted to meth if you eventually build a tolerance and can't even feel it anymore? I've used meth everyday for about 3 weeks now, and I still get a huge desire to use it, but I don't because I know my tolerance is through the roof at the moment and no matter how much I did I wouldn't get any effects. So how does one become addicted? Thanks
Hey guys, sort of a different post than this sub is used to but I didn't know where else to go. Ok, my sister has been an addict since her high school days. Shes been a poly drug addict, in and out of jail and disconnected from her family (for the most part) for 12 plus years. She is now 29 and finally on the road to wellness. While she still has a long way to go, I finally feel as if I have my sister back.The past month has been hell for my sister despite how well she has been doing in rehab. She lost a CPS case, therefore loosing her son. To make matters worse he is being adopted by a family member. All of this is causing static among my family and my poor sister is caught in the middle of it. Lately, I see her spirit dwindling and I feel as if her will to remain sober is slowly burning out.It is times like these in the past that have caused her fall back into the routine of using drugs and let me tell you she is a mess when she is using. I'm worried r/drugs, i'm scared for my sister and I do not want to loose her again because I feel like she may not survive another string of using. So here is where you guys come in. What could me and my family do for my sister to lift her spirits. I have a hard time understanding hows she feeling but I can only imagine. Does anyone have any advice, stories, or experiences relating to this? Any of you who are recovering addicts, or were at one point a recovering addict, what would mean the most to you? What would lift your spirits and help you realize how proud your family is of you? I know this post isn't normal, and I hope I am not violating any rules of the sub. Anyone can answer as well, even though I've been directing most of this towards addicts. Thanks in advance for any input. 
This past year I had my first experience with mdma and my favorite part was the way Lights looked, especially with refraction glasses. So much so, that I bought my own pair and began experimenting with them. I would now like to create effect with lights that would look the best with these glasses both to people on Molly and those who are not or who would oppose drug use completely. What kinds of lights and effects do you think would look the coolest and most triply? I have ideas to use mirrors and other effects to help achieve this. From what I can tell, neon lights seem to work well, and led lights, especially the whiter the light gives off the greatest illusion. What are your thoughts? 
Acid in extreme doses such as 1000 hits can change your perception in ways that can stop vital bodily functions from working for an undefined period of time during and/or after the trip. When I took more than 2000ug and woke up in the hospital, doctors told me I nearly had multiple heart attacks. When I was given heavy sedatives to calm me down, they had no effect. I didn't sleep for 3 days throughout the trip. While the visuals stopped, mental perceptions worsened. After leaving the hospital my entire body was completely numb for two days, and I was in psychosis for 2 weeks. I couldn't feel hunger, my digestive system wasn't working correctly, and I couldn't feel pain. While this is just my experience, keep in mind everyone's body reacts to substances in different ways. I'm sure some people here can handle 2000ug just fine, or even more than that. Just be safe, guys. And yes, I do know for a fact it was LSD, not a research chem.
Wall of text incoming:So, a little backstory, I spent the summer working production at music festivals.  Met tons of friends and ate a lot of psychedelics.  But I'm a firm believer in waiting until a drug "finds you," and never got presented with a ketamine experience that I considered to be worth it.This weekend I purchased tickets for the first time, for me and my homie J to go see some awesome bass music without work responsibility.  The show was great; had some good cocaine and the music was awesome.  However the after party was something out of this world.  All the artists and a couple other well known producers showed up to a house a few blocks away and threw down some of the hottest space bass b2b action I've ever witnessed.Queue sitting on a couch in this super psyched out couch, the homie B who is responsible for artist hospitality pulls out his bag of goodies and starts crushing up some ketamine and cocaine.  "Do you wanna go up, or left?" Finally presented with the perfect opportunity to try ketamine, I let B know that I'm new and want to try k for the first time.  He gives me the lowdown, tells me about his product and what to expect.  He had some really fire s-isomer ketamine, which apparently is a lot more trippy then r-isomer ketamine.  He gave me a small bump, and I was pretty fucking rocked after that.  Giggling a lot, a little bit of visual distortion, couldn't make sense of language very well.Some time passes, and I do another bump.  We then headed up to the attic where the headliners from the night are slaying it for a tiny crowd of homies responsible for production & organization of various electronic music events in our area.  The music sounded sooo damn good.  I spent a good amount of time just wobbling around with a bunch of other weirdos until I felt like going outside to smoke a cig.  J follows me outside, and got engaged in a conversation with B.""S wants me to turn him into Niffle tonight.." he says.S is an awesome producer who wasn't on the ticket for the evening but showed up anyways just to hang out and party with us."What's Niffle?" asked J."His alter ego."Out walks S and his little brother N.  I'm still rocked at this point; no idea how early it is now.  N begins asking me a lot of questions about my life, flirting and talking with me.  Our time gets cut short when the owner of the house comes out and tells us to shut the fuck up and get inside because we're all being obnoxious and making too much noise.  "Okay, lets go get weird." S tells us.  We all head back inside and go up to the attic where the music is.  We find a spot to sit on the floor and B starts crushing up a lot of ketamine.  He cuts me a decent sized bump; the biggest I had all night but nothing I couldn't handle.  He gave everyone else huge lines.  J and N start having a conversation about consciousness and politics while I sit pretty much in the middle of them.  I'm trying to be apart of the conversation but I'm rocked, and I can't really put their words together fast enough anyways.  S is off his rocker, acting weird as fuck, and it was hilarious.  We sit together in a circle high as fuck for awhile until making our way in front of the subwoofers and dancing.The party started to die off a bit as the sun came up, and we were getting ready to leave.  On our way through the hallway, J hears our homie H, who is a professional beat boxer, making some noise and he walks up to get in on the beat box circle.  One other guy started beat boxing as well, and a bunch of people circled around to watch three minds communicate over the most interesting wavelength I had ever witnessed.  I managed to get a video of these guys but doubt I'll share it to keep people from getting doxxed.After the beatboxing, me and J decided to rail a bit of cocaine and go home.  We discussed how communicating with others through beatbox is related to worshipping and observing God, and spent the two hour drive home talking about consciousness and the holy trinity.  When we got back, we still had about half a gram of coke left so we broke it up and split it into four lines.  Then we took a bunch of dabs and watched Ex Machina.This was probably one of my most treasured drug experiences among many crazy nights of debauchery.
This may come as a surprise, but the first drug that affected me was benadryl. I was totally naive to drugs and paid the price. I took it as a way to self medicate anxiety and insomnia. I was sixteen when this happened, and found weed soon after. Weed lead to legal accidentally, and then lead to amphetamines. I want to say that weed did not lead to speed, but increasing pressure on me as a teenager who had a poor GPA in school. This is what opened my mind completely, I quickly sought new ways to explore drugs and consciousness. 
Basically you choose one drug (you can specify the dose if you want) and thats the how you feel for the rest of your life, and subsequently the only high you can feel. Also you never "adjust" to the high so to speak, like it doesn't become a normal for you it will always feel just as good as when you first started. So what'll it be?
Hello there. I'd like to tell you a bit about myself.I have always been a happy-go-lucky sort of person, although I've never been very driven or motivated.  At least I was always cheerful.  That was, until this past Summer.  Some things happened in my life, I entered a downward spiral, and so I spent the last 5 or so months of my life in a deep, near-suicidal depression.  I never tried to kill myself, but I did write a note just in case I died as a result my increasingly reckless behavior.About a month into my downward spiral I began taking opiates in the form of poppy seed tea to numb myself emotionally.  At first it was every couple of days, but eventually I decided that I didn't care and started taking it daily.  Tolerance crept up, of course, and I took higher and higher doses.  It had gotten to the point where I was washing about two pounds of poppy seeds a day to maintain my addiction.  Fortunately I never branched out to stronger opiates.  In this way I am lucky.Recently, having heard all of the positive results in trials regarding ketamine and depression, I decided to give deschloroketamine a try.  I've always loved dissociatives, and if it would help draw me out of the black hole I've been living in for months, then hell, why not?  I took my first dose last Wednesday.  I meant to wait until the weekend, but I have no self control and decided that I couldn't wait.I started with a sub-mg allergy test, which yielded no reaction.  After that, I decided to start with 15 mg sublingually.  Around 45 minutes in, I was feeling very little, so I foolishly made the mistake of taking another 15 mgs, intranasally this time.  That kicked in much more quickly, and much more strongly.  I wanted to go deeper.  No self control, remember?  15 mgs more, intranasally.  Big mistake.  Good lord, I fell into the strongest state of dissociation I'd ever been in.  I'm not particularly experienced with dissociatives, having only had a brief stint with 3-meo-PCP and a few experiences with DXM.My experience with DCK was beautiful and terrifying.  More terrifying than beautiful, to be honest.  For the first hour after my final dose I was flying.  I was having a fantastic time.  However, a kernel of fear nestled its way into my brain and from there it grew into a belief that I had overdosed.  Being suicidally depressed, I decided against calling 911 and let fate decide whether I would be alive or dead the next morning.As it would turn out I died.  (Jk, lol.)  Anyways, when I woke up the next morning, I felt reborn.  I felt as though I had been given a second chance.  I'm not religious or even spiritual, but I felt as though something kept me from dying that night.  Since then, my depression has disappeared.  I've been tapering my daily dosage of PST down from the ~700 grams a day I had been drinking to a 360 gram maintenance dosage today.I feel incredible.  I don't have cravings for PST anymore.   I take my ever-decreasing dosage around 4 PM and that's it.  The rest of the time I spend connecting with friends in ways that I had forgotten were possible.  I'm rediscovering everything that I used to love doing before I was hit with this terrible blow of depression.  It's beautiful.  Life is beautiful again.I don't know why I'm writing this.  I don't know if anybody will read it.  But I do know that my life has been changed for the better.  I'm so happy.
This is a story my friend told me so i can't check if it's real or not.. Let's beginSo a friend of mine told me about his thanksgiving mushies trip. He decided to hit his vacation home with his friends to trip on some mushrooms. Keep in mind there were 6 people attending this event. So he bought the shrooms and they headed to the vacation home to trip... When they got there everyone ate half of the usual portion for tripping, just to get started and not trip balls. After they ate them they went out into the nature to trip, except one guy. This guy was already tripping balls so he decided it'd be better for him to just stay inside, so they went outside without him. While they were outside tripping, he ate everyone else's half of the portion. When they got back they caught the guy in squat position taking a GIANT SHIT on the table. Some were crying and getting angry because of the lost shrooms, and some were laughing their asses of because there was a giant pile of shit  on the table...Just wanted to share this crazy story with you guys, thought you might like it :P
I'm a 20 yr old female and my whole life I've struggled with ADD until nearly a year ago when I was diagnosed. I was prescribed Adderall 10 mg IR, one pill when I wake up and another 10mg around lunch. At first it was amazing! It helped me so much with my focus, motivation and ability to pay attention that I had struggled with for so long. I was my normal happy, friendly, love for life self only "smarter" than before. I was glad I finally had a solution to my attention problems. If only I had known what I would become.After about 2 months I started to change. My family and friends saw this as well, even before I did. I was already thin before this, although in a healthy way, (5'2 120lbs) but now I look anorexic. Now I'm only 100lbs even though I try to eat. I became more withdrawn, which was unusual for my normally talkative, happy self. I started blowing off my friends when they wanted to hang out, because I would rather be studying or reading something. Not that it's a bad thing, but when it seems to control your life it is. I've always hated to read and study things, now it's pretty much all I do. They started getting pissed at me for always saying, "Sorry I have to study for a class". I started getting even more closed off, irritable, and depressed with time. I can't tell you how many times I've completely lost my shit on family members and friends for the dumbest little reasons, only to go in my room and cry for being so hateful. It's like I can't even control it! I just try to stay by myself, especially when I'm coming down from the dose. So many people have asked me, Are you okay? What's wrong? Are you sick?? Just yesterday I was asked a new question. My older sister who I haven't seen in a few weeks due to arguments (she was trying to take my Adderall bottle..) left me a voicemail crying and said I love you so much and I always will..What happened to you??  I don't know. I don't know what fucking happened to me. I've lost it I keep hearing her say What happened to you? over and over again in my head. I'm broken..I've taken up to 100 mg just to see if that will change the way I feel and act. No it only made it worse, obviously. I've tried only taking it in the morning and that doesn't work. I've TRIED SO HARD to just stop taking it! To throw those fucking pills in the trash. But I just can't! I don't know who I am anymore, what little is left of me tries to tell me to stop but I just take another pill to shut it up. To shut me up. I feel like a robot. I haven't laughed in forever it seems, I don't smile anymore, I barely ever cry these days even though I want to so bad. I didn't know Adderall could be this bad. Why is this happening? How do I stop?? Will I ever be me again? I would take ADD times a million over this any day..I mean shit at least I was fucking happy. I know this is long, but I just had to let this out somewhere as no one knows the whole truth, and hopefully I can get some help. If I can even be helped.
Has anyone tried this combo? I pretty much listed all drugs I have that can enhance sex especially 2CB and LSD. I would add MDMA but rather do that by itself and on a better occasion. Has anyone tried this combo or at least some of it? If so what is it like? What it be better to add cocaine as well?
So just to give some background I am a student that is studying computer engineering. I have been a drug nerd for most of my life and as an engineering student, I noticed school getting harder and harder every semester.This semester I wanted to see which drug is the best for obtaining the best grades. I compared Modafinil and Vyvanse and took them before tests to see which test I would receive a better grade on.To be fair, I am a hard working student and I dedicate the same amount of time for each test I study for. For my experiment, I took either Modafinil (100 mg sublingually) or Vyvanse (60 mg, orally) before my Calculus 3 and Physics II tests to see which is more effective during test taking, NOT STUDYING.So I ingested 100 mg Modafinil for 4 tests (2 Calculus III tests and 2 Physics II tests) while I have ingested 60 mg of Vyvanse before 4 tests (2 Calculus III tests and 2 Physics II tests). I have concluded that Modafinil gives me better test grades by about a 10-20% margin at most. There is a lot a lot of variables for this experiment but every test I took on Modafinil, I have received a higher test grade on. Could it have been a coincidence? Maybe.What I have noticed is that I enjoy taking a test more on Vyvanse though. I feel like I am smarter on Vyvanse. Paradoxically, I am more relaxed while taking my test on Vyvanse while I get edgy and nervous while I am taking a test on Modafinil. Weird. Vyvanse is more of a high though and I feel like I am "buzzed" or "tweaked" on it while on Modafinil it makes me feels like I drank too much coffee.Anyway, I hope everyone's semester went well and I would like you all's own observations on which drugs make you "smarter" or improve your cognitive ability. 
Im moving to california and am going to have to get my medical card *immediately* because i wont have a connection(new town problems). I have extreme insomnia and a panic disorder, so i really need thc. Its the only medication that has helped me, and trust me - ive tried *everything else*. As a medical patient in a different legal state, i know itll be a breeze to get the card, but i cant find age specifications. Im 19 years old, and wont have any family or friends in the new area im moving to so i need to know if a caregiver will have to go in for me. If any of you CA patients could tell me what its like down there, id really appreciate it!
For those who have trouble dosing phenibut because eating dulls the effects, try Taking 1-2g vitamin c with your dose. I believe this excerpt from the Phenibut psychonaut wiki about phenibut and caffeine also applies, at least somewhat, to vitamin c. I find the dose very predictable and the onset much quicker regardless of stomach contents. "Phenibut HCL, being highly acidic, needs an acidic environment to become unionised and absorbed. Eating will dramatically increase (decrease acidity) of stomach pH. Caffeine promotes gastric acid/H+ secretion into the gut. Thus, an empty stomach coupled with increased gut acidity will dramatically increase the oral absorption of phenibut HCL."currently feeling very good on 750mg. would recommend, my friendz

I have to take a greyhound home from AZ to UT for winter break and I bought more weed than I can smoke before finals are over and I don't feel comfortable leaving it in the dorms. Should I be ok brining a pipe and some weed in my bag? If so, what precautions should I take? 
Hey guys so I tried mushrooms about 9 months ago and it was a pretty crazy trip, wrong set and setting though I know I fucked up ha but I definitely want to try them again since I kind of know what to expect now. I've heard LSD is more manageable though so maybe that instead.But my reason for this post is I need some help with understanding whats going on with weed now. It seems like every time I smoke an amount I used to I trip out again and this is 10 times stronger with brownies. Some things I experience would be extreme anxiety and almost not feeling like a real person and these feelings take over completely what the normal effects I used to have with weed were. These effects make it so I can't even talk with my friends and can't even watch Netflix even stuff I love and have seen 1000 times but instead I just want to fight it and try to sleep. But I really fucking miss getting high.Another thing that was weird was about 5 months ago I ate a small amount of this strong brownie and tripped balls without even expecting that, like seeing fractal images and shit with my eyes closed and I again wasn't at a comfortable place to be doing something like that so it really freaked me out and I fought it all night. And I think since that point I've been noticing an effect of depersonalization for a few days after any amount of weed either smoked or from an edible, which makes its really hard to relax thinking its gonna effect me for days after and make me basically not be myself. So I've seen some people post about how psychedelics can do this but is there anything I can do to try and overcome this because I really miss weed first off and secondly I want to continue using psychedelics for personal growth. Do you think it's best just for a long break and this time really commit to it? Thanks for any help guys this shit is really freaking me out.

Hello yall,I have been prescribed ketamine capsules for about 5 months now. I take four 30 MG capsules each night right before I go to bed. I am a 134 lb female and in my early twenties. I have been diagnosed with Complex Regional Pain Syndrome (CRPS) and the ketamine capsules are for treating the crops. I have also bee diagnosed with U.C. I have been in and out of the hospital for endless UC flares. And now my GI doctor has considered that something is wrong with my pancreas. I get bad random sharp pains in my left lower side above my hips kinda in by my ribs. I have bad heartburn and troubles swallowing food and now even water- I always choke. I have bad nausea randomly and anytime after I eat it is always painful with sharp pains and gas like pain.The compound ketamine caps are a trial and error type of thing interns of treatment.If anyone knows anything about anything that relates to this I would love to hear from you. This is a really hard and painful time for me. I am scared for my health because the pancreas is a pretty critical organ, and I am also scared for what the damage that the Ketamine might be doing internally despite all the amazing results I have had from it for the CRPS.
Hey ladies and gents, seeking some advice/personal experiences about mixing molly and vyvanse. I have used molly frequently but I have only taken Vyvanse once, actually just earlier today I took one 40mg vyvanse to write two of my final papers and I'm still feeling the effects hence my curiosity and research on the mixing of the two. Anyways, I was wondering if taking vyvanse and molly together would give the uplifting effect of molly and the focus of the vyvanse or if one would just overpower the other. Any input would be much appreciated. THANKS! 
I'm a fan of weed and psychedelics, I have no interest in opioids, or cocaine, things that just make you feel good. I'm looking for safety, creativity, a new conscious experience, and way of seeing things. I feel like all my options are shrooms, acid, dmt, and weed obviously. Is there anything else that would fit my criteria, or are they good enough since each trip is so different?  
So last night I had this bizarre dream in which I believe I did 2cb. I say believe because I do not remember any parts before I was on the substance but I remember thinking that I was on it when I started getting visuals in my dream.  All I remember was being downstairs and I was looking at the wooden stairwell and all of a sudden it started to have a bunch of lines in it as if it was cracked, then everything in my vision kinda did the same thing as if reality broke all at once. Then I started to get scared so I laid on a bench in my house and proceeded to get very crisp audio hallucinations, it was the voice of my mom and she was yelling at me but her words didn't make any sense. Anyways just thought I'd share because that I was the first time I've done any drug in a dream that wasn't weed. I'd love to hear if any of you have had crazy dreams about substances that you had/hadn't tried at the time.
I'm still new to this. So I have some questions.1. How do know or how can you tell the grade of it?2. Does it go bad, or lose its potency over time? 3. How can I avoid having a stuffy or runny nose the day after?
was planning to try the adderall + alcohol combo in a couple weeks at a party. i feel that i do ecstasy more often than i feel i should so i want to try adderall + alcohol. i got some IR adderall  but when i came home, i took a better look at the pills and realized that they're actually evekeo not adderall. (blue pill, EVK pressed on one side, "1" and "0" on the other side) a quick google search told me that adderall and evekeo have the two same active ingredients but at different ratios. there's tons of reading online about mixing adderall and alcohol, but i didn't find much to read about mixing evekeo and alcohol. i'm assuming the effects will be similar to adderall? anyone have any insight on mixing evekeo and alcohol? is evekeo similar to IR or ER adderall? my reading tells me that IR adderall kicks in pretty quickly and lasts 3-6 hrs but how does evekeo compare? just trying to be as educated/prepared as much as possible before trying this new drug. thanks r/drugs. this is a cool community.
I'm high so this is going to be like really in depth man.This story should be looked at almost as thoughts in your head popping in.So my friend gheoff has his home free for the entire night.Our friends decide to hangout and crash there.We all take a hefty dose of Adderall, about 40mg, most of them doing it for the first time.There's this nice couple there, John and Jill, then my two other friends Brian and gheoff oh and a girl named Jane. Anyhow we are all just starting to peek on Adderal, I just start talking the hell out of this girl I knew since kindergartens ear, saying all the right things the eye contact perfect. Her eyes are so pretty.We are having a super deep conversation for hours, and eventually everyone is gone for some reason or another.At one point I'm zoning to kiss land by the weeknd.The couple has gone off somewhere multiple times by now.My two homies probably got the munchies.She gets some weed and this pipe and puts it up to my mouth then lights it for me, she may have wanted to shot gun I'll never know.Anyway hard eye contact for that, and I "man spread" well anyway she's standing between my legs and hard eye contact and really close almost touching me.Anyway I look at anything but her and she sits back down and we talk and everyone comes back in.Short shorts and a tank top BTW :(((So yeah I'm a huge pussy for what would be the highest tier of relationship, girl I crushed on in kindergarten.Almost the entire time trilogy was playing too, at least for a large part.Anyway I think she's really cool and want to get to know her better.
Hypothetically, if someone were to get on all fours and eat naturally occurring p. semilanceata off a hill without first picking or otherwise handling it, would this be illegal? As far as I can see, it is possession rather than consumption that is the criminal offence. I'd be grateful if anyone could advise. 
Like the title says, I took my first dose(ever!) over 48 hours ago of 3grams. I want to have a just as intense (or definitely more intense) experience tonight....how much should I toss down my gullet??I generally have a fast metabolism and don't eat or weigh much and exercise often.It's been over 48 hours with ~11 hours of sleep in between.Thanks fellow psychonauts for any reports! 
I believe them to be incredibly similar in many ways. Essentially the same exact effect / side effect profile. Some people in this sub seem to disagree. What do you guys think? Methamphetamine vs Dextroamphetamine? 
So I was going to a concert last night with my best friend, who had only done ketamine once before, and we had planned to do some ket right before the first act came on. We were pretty stoned going into this experience, and some maybe important info had been miscommunicated on both ends. I went into the bathroom stall first and took a 70mg-90mg line, and as I left the stall I passed him the baggy and he went in to do his line. We came out and he mentioned to me that his nose hurt so bad he thought it was bleeding, I just put it down to him not being as used to snorting. He also mentioned to me before we sat down that he was already feeling it hard, so we sat down on a sofa in the corner of the venue. About 5 minutes later I remembered he still had the baggy on him from earlier, and as I got it back I noticed that it was like all gone. He had snorted roughly about 350mg-400mg in one line. I was starting to feel it hard too, but as hard as that line should have felt. Luckily we didn't like the opening band and hadn't planned on going anywhere for their set, and I couldn't tell him the scale of what he'd done, as I was worried he would get freaked out. Weirdly enough he seemed completely chill about the experience, I kept asking him how he felt and shit, and if the double vision had started, to which he told me, he wasn't seeing double, but his vision was split into at least 5. Thinking he was gonna hole at any second, turns out he just didn't. Which I have no idea how to explain, when I asked him about it later after he had started to come down he was at a loss for words on how the experience felt, he had thought the come up was the peak, until the peak actually hit. Turns out he thought I did around the same amount and the baggy I had given him was his half of the ket for the night. I know the ket wasn't weak because I had used some of it a week before, and I wouldn't have snorted half of what he did in one go. Out of all the ways I could thought that experience might have gone, that was by the best outcome. Anybody have an experience where they didn't hole on a crazy amount? Is this more common than I think? 
I asked my friend if she wanted to hang out this weekend, and she invited me to go karaoke with her and some of our mutual friends. The karaoke place has private rooms and two mic's, but I am still nervous to sing in front of my friends, especially since I kinda like one of them. I am already very nervous about going because she didn't directly invite me, it was only because I asked her if she wanted to do something this weekend that I found out about this. I also can't talk to my counselor about this because she is booked until next week. I have 4.5mg of lorazepam (Ativan) left (only used one 0.5mg pill before in my life), or I can just drink before meeting up with my friend, and throughout the whole night. If I choose to use my Ativan, I will probably use only 1.5mg (maybe with a redose?) because I have no tolerance/experience with it. There is also the bonus of being able to drive home, and I can offer to DD for my friends. So, what do you guys think about this situation? I want to appear confident, and hopefully not seem too messed up. What option do you guys prefer, and what doses of the method of your choice do you recommend?
About 2-3 months ago I was diagnosed with ADHD and was prescribed 10mg IR Adderall 60 count. I didnt like all of the horrible side effects from Adderall, so I hinted at Dexedrine (generic dextroamphetamine) to my doctor and he went for it right away.Now I have 10mg 60 count IR d-amp. Which is great (except for the high abuse potential/mental cravings). Id say the side effects of this only about 1/4th as bad as adderall.Anyways today I tried some Focalin IR (dexmethylphenidate generic), I had four 10mg little white tablets and I started off snorting 10mg at 5:35pm. My tolerance is a little high atm, and have been using semi-high doses of d-amp the last few days for finals, so I didn't feel much.I ended up snorting another 10mg at 6:00 pm, waited a bit and snorted 10mg again at 6:20pm. Since I only had one left I finished it off at 7 pm and here I am.I would like to experiment a little more and see if MPH/D-MPH (focalin) is a better fit for me as a theraputic medicine, but I don't have much access to it on the street.**ANYWAYS, my questions are:**-Is it possible to bring it up to my doctor and ask if I could maybe do a month trial of IR dexmethylphenidate?  -Would this be idiotic to even try considering I have pure dextroamphetamine (generally considered the gold-standard behind scripted/street meth). Or should I easily be able to go back to d-amp if I choose?-Would it be possible/is it common for people to get prescribed a lower dose/count of another ADHD medication, on top of their original script, purely to try the medicine out?-Last but not least, any suggestions on how to go about asking this? D-amp is working great for me, at least compared to adderall, so I don't really have a reason to justify trying the d-mph. I don't want to accidently lose my d-amp script.**P.S:** my doctor is a school psychiatrist I see for free and he doesn't seem to be very educated/he is leniant. I got 10mg IR adderall within 5 minutes of my first session and my ADHD isnt even super severe.On my second session I got Dexedrine within 5 minutes too, by saying I read online a lot of people got less side effects from it, compared to adderall. I didn't say the drug by its name to keep up the drug naive-ness image my doctor has of me ATM, but hinted at it by after saying the side effect thing, that I vaguely remember that the medicine started with a D and he just went through a list of some medications and I pointed it out.**I would also LOVE to hear any experiences or preferences anyone has regarding these two substances, or any advice. Any ancedotes are welcome but I am specifically curious in the theraputic value rather than recreational as I am trying to stop abusing my stims lol.**I will most likely stick to d-amp, but this was just a thought that crossed my mind and I wouldn't mind giving d-MPH a trial if I can
Been on a 150 mg binge in the past 56 hours probably gonna go on for another 150 mg. College kids yall feel me? It's finals week...I don't do this often. Probably like twice a year during finals week. How harmful is it? Besides this I take a Vyvanse 2-3 times a month tops. And since I haven't really binged like this on it before, what kind of hell am I headed into?
People say that like they actually believe it. It's a similar mindset of the people who say alcohol isn't a drug. If the stuff changes your state of mind it's a drug. Period. We need to be honest here and I am totally 100% for legalization and have even done activism work for it. It's safe, yes/ But it is a drug, and if weed isn't one I don't know what is.Edit: Maybe pissed isn't the right word, it more of "How the fuck do you think that way?"
It is as it sounds: Trazodone gives me nightmares. And it's not just dose dependent or even time dependent (to an extent). If I take trazodone any time <5hrs before I fall asleep, I have nightmares. 80% of the time it's flashbacks to when I was living in a meth house and homeless (there's one that repeats and the minor details change), other times it's just random negative emotions manifesting as dream sequences. Does anyone else deal with this? If so, how do you manage it? 
hey guys please dont tell me i shouldnt be taking these, i dont abuse them i just like to have them on occasions for the intense focus and thinking it gives me, as i play online poker for a living and the times i had those pills i was making INSANE money each night, from the focus and alerness it kept me up all night. i only took them on the weekends. and now im wanting my own stash. ( NOT too abuse ) anyway im currently on seroquel , im sure u all know what that is,  100mg ,  mostly for my bi-polar and sleeping issues.....  BUT say i told my psyc the seroquel gave me  a clear mind and helped me focus, and  stay on task and not be tired all the time, then would my psyc think about changing to a stimulant script ? what u guys think, thanks 
Hey, I have taken 4-aco quite a few times in the past and a few of the times I have had pretty unpleasant come ups in which I end up having to sit down and chill for a few minutes. After it fully kicks in the rest of the experience is amazing. I was wondering if anyone else has had similar experiences with the come up and if there is any way of alleviating it.
I saw somewhere on here the other day some motto about taking acid. Like, "if its makes your mouth numb, it's a spitter. If it's tasteless, you'll trip faces". That's all I could remember of it. Anyone remember the real saying? definitly something I want to remember.
Celebrating after my final exams next week, boyfriend and I are planning to take MDMA and LSD in the span of a few days (we know it's an excellent combo but not interested in taking them together this time). Would it be best to take the LSD first? If so, would it also be best to leave a day or two in between to rest/recover everything then take MDMA a little later? Also have about an eighth of shrooms left, any merit of combining them with either? Does taking LSD and shrooms one day after the other work or is there a cross tolerance? Any input appreciated. And if you guys have any tips for fun shit to do on LSD indoors in the middle of the cold ass Canadian winter that would be awesome. Cheers. Edit: wording
So I've been moving up my dose with these dexies and am obviously addicted and have been for a long time and managed to quit, I was able to control myself before but with tolerance and Dependancy and every day usage  I no longer understand the consequences of abusing this medecine because I can't remember what life was like before .. I went from taking 60mg every 6 hours to 80-100mg every 2-4 hours 3x every day and am going competely insane. I am no longer chasing a high. I'm keeping myself from crashing until I run out and sleep for the rest of the month. I don't know what's going on, and am completely scared of everyone and everything. I  locked myself in my room with all the lights off and have a  racing irregular  heartbeat , dilated eyes upset stomach. I hear people who I don't know if there are really there or not, trying to unlock my door , scratching at my walls, crawling in my ceiling.  I have not slept in days. I am scared to talk to anyone I live with, I am guarding my dexies.  It all started out with them helping me improve my work ethic and for increased social ability but those are long gone, I am full blown paranoid. I keep taking the pills to keep myself from falling asleep during the day but they aren't  working anymore. I can feel people watching and listening to me every where I go, mocking me, they know I'm crazy, they are all laughing just waiting for me to snap. They all know I'm not like them.  I am a zombie. I no longer care for other people, understand what they are saying, and can't even look them in the eyes or talk to them. I am and have been hallucinating for days and barely sleeping only to wake up shaking but to tired and depressed to do anything. Everything that the pills made better are worse then they have ever been. I cannot feel anything but pain, misery, and self hatred. I am on the verge of suicide.  This time I really lost my shit. I smoked weed earlier and had a full blown panic attack. This time I feel like people are planning to kill me and have no doubt that it's going to happen.  When I look at myself in the mirror I see a scared, broken, traumatized shell of a sick person who was once , happy, outgoing, and loved life. When I see myself  I have flashbacks to my childhood, and am convinced demons have entered my body and will not leave until theyCompetely destroy me. I have bags under my eyes that will not go away, I am beyond pale with wide eyes and lage pupils, look skinny and overly sleep deprived. Everyone who knows me says I've changed. I think they are selfish for not realizing what's happening to me. I constantly need to be around them and have them tell me they love me after constantly breaking down in front of them, and yet lack the ability to communicate even though I'm completely jacked up on stimulants. All I do is hurt people and make them feel bad for me because I'm constantly in fear of dropping dead  This downward spiral has hit rock bottom, but is still some how drilling down even further.I'm 18 but look like a crack/meth head after two years of legal adderall/vyvanse/ritilan/Dexedrine use. The glory days are far over but I am convinced I will eventually get the same buzz I did the first time I popped an adderall, and that's why I keep using. Something in my brain tells me adderall will fix my life to this day, but it just keeps making it all worse.  If I could go back in time The only thing I would NOT do is open up the bottle of 10mg Adderall ir and forget it exists, forget about amphetamine and enjoy life for what it was.   Because of adderall and Dexedrine abuse I destroyed all my opportunities, my health, my relationships, spent all my money, got addicted to downers illegally, and have even carried out thoughts of self harm ( was a happy person before) and genuinely destroyed my  image to both people who I have known and who just meet me.All I gotta say is adderall will take something from you that you will never get back. It will take your ability to feel anything l, love anyone , or have a stable life. It also gets serious to a point where you can't keep yourself awake or look normal without it, so yes it's addicting. It'll also introduce you to paranoria, hallucinations, and heart problems. If you choose to abuse these drugs you might as well go smoke ice.That was my rant, because of my compulsive/obsessive thinking I'll probably delete this soon, hope it was worth reading .. Good night 
If it were to be taken with a tryptamine as well. Only in case by the way. I want to take 900mg phenibut to dampen the comeup anxiety and if for any reason something bad happens is it safe to take 0.75mg xanax? jdlsajdsakfjhdsahfsafhdjsklhfkjdahfjdksahfjdhfjkdsahfkjhafjkdhkfjahjkhfkjshdfsd
Currently about 30 minutes after taking a 7 gram dose (Male, 190 pounds, 6 foot, mid twenties) of Kratom which for those who do not know, is a legal drug that may be illegal in the USA soon that you can at least in Seattle, buy in most Tobacco shops. I'd imagine it to be similar in most other states as well as you can get it online.7 grams is pretty high for a first time dose, but I am having some really positive effects. It has relaxed me and taken away any stress I had (been very stressed lately with a few things) and has a very similar effect to a low dose of a perscription pain killer like Vicodin or Oxy-codon.Very mild Euphoria, a greater appreciation for my favorite music, cognitively I am slowed down and the Migrain headache I had when I decided to try it, has almost completely subsided.On the negative effects - I am mildly nauseated (Though this could be attributed to the previously stated migraine that often make me vomit,) and I definitely would not trust myself with driving or doing anything potentially dangerous as my coordination and thinking are noticeably slower. Anyone else taken Kratom before? What can I expect over the next few hours?
I've done some searches and only found the obvious shrooms, peyote, weed and opium plants. However I am wanting a much larger list than this.. preferably psychedelics, and plants i can grow around the house or in my garden however anything mind altering I would be happy with. Should be needless to say legality and discretion isnt really a problem where i live so throw anything at me :)Links, text posts, anything
So I've tripped 3 times, first time on 100ug of pretty weak lsd was probably more like 60ug the only visuals I got were intense colours. The second time I did 1mg of 25i-nbome, and it was quite good but was so dissociated with the world, visuals were really nice everything warped and looked like a cartoon. 3 weeks ago I did another 100ug tab and it was a lot stronger than the first one, I got mild visuals including strobing coloured lights and stuff looked like it was moving, however what really got me was the mind fuck - I spent a lot of the trip just thinking wtf is going on, I had a lot of thought loops and couldn't maintain a conversation with anyone, I got completely lost in the end of what I was saying I couldn't remember what I was even talking about. How do I get over this and just embrace the trip? want to move up to 200ug at some point at Christmas. The trip had ups and downs, felt really euphoric and happy at the peak until the mindfuck and thought loops kicked in, then it was more of just an experience
I am interested in making geltabs to accurately dose and contain Clonazolam, and perhaps some other potent chemicals. Could anyone link me to a TEK, or provide some insight into how I would go about doing this?I know of a certain source that sells the necessary supplies and information, but I am looking for a more accessible (free) way to go about researching this topic. Thanks guys, you're awesome <3
A while ago I found some focalin in my medicine cabinet and I have never found a drug as euphoric as focalin. For about 2 hours I would feel as if I'm better than everyone and just loved the world. I read that it's a lot like cocaine, I haven't done coke yet so I wouldn't know, but I was curious to see what other people think of this outstanding drug?
Apologies if this is a stupid question, but how does LSD compare with nitrous? I've seen some people say that nitrous has brought them to other dimensions, and that it's an extreme disassociative. How different is LSD exactly?
Ok. So I took four 10 mg percocets and 1mg of Klonopin. Im feeling high but I've heard this mixture can be fatal. Will I be alright or should I go too the hospital? Im actually pretty shaken up. I dont know why I thought this would be a good idea. I keep getting really sleepy, am I just over reacting?

I have very limited experience with xanax. I fucked with them a few times over a week where emotional tension was very high in my family. During that week, I messed up a whole slew of things in my family and with my friends and ended up totaling my dads Camaro (was doing donuts and I threw a rod bearing which ruined the engine). I absolutely wrecked my phone and for a small time, some relationships. All of my friends sat me down and talked to me about it so I stopped. Five months passed until I went to buy bud from a guy who also had xans. I couldn't resist, and I have been using them off and on for the passed few days. I have been very responsible with them and so far (knock on wood) things have been good. Personally I would prefer smaller doses so I can still function, unless I'm trying to get fucked up, of course. I am not taking a whole lot and am practicing strict self-control, and I don't even use them every day. But now my friends are beginning to find out of my usage, and they're pissed. They get all salty if I talk about doing them when we're all together. I explain I learned my lesson and I'm being responsible but they still won't accept it even though they do LSD, Amphetamines, and absolute fuck loads of weed. I understand that they're my friends and they want what's best for me but I am continuing my occasional xanax consumption. How do I deal with this/get them to accept I'm going to do it sometimes. Any advice is appreciated thanks.

So I've had this doctor for all my life and I wanna tell him about me taking xanax and how it's helped me by getting a job, confidence & dealt with my anxiety. Also the bad things when i'm not on it like, not sleeping well, anxiety always there & depression. So overall should I tell him about me taking Xanax to try get a prescription or should I try something else?
I took 10 mg this morning, proceeded to play games on the computer to pass time, and immediately 10 mins later I felt it kick in. I was nodding a whole damn lot and my body felt like it was having orgasms. The only problem was that I was itching everywhere and I regretted not bringing any benadryl.When I got to my next class I couldn't help taking another 10 mg, though that didn't kick in until 30 mins later. It lasted until the end of the day when I threw up the second time from, I presumed, the oxycodone and a very bad lunch. Later on I found out I threw up for another reason, but I'll keep that to myself.Overall it was a pretty good experience. The itching and puking just took some of the fun out of it. I'll probably never take that again, because I feel like I'm dangerously close to becoming an addict if I by chance had anymore of it. Fortunately, I don't. I'm staying away from that for a good while if possible, no matter how good it made me feel. I think it's best.note: Yes, I was at school. "But getting high at school is a waste!" Yes, I understand why you think that, but I'd rather be high at school and still chill with my friends than be alone at home with no one to spend time with. 
Keybo@rd is broken sorry.When you get good stuff it doesn't @bsorb up the nose so e@sily so I find th@t wetting it with bit of mucus to go well into the nose, with speed I used to @lwys hve the problem th@t it would go str@ight p@st my nose down my thro@t, then I would feel stimmed bout 2 hours l@ter, r@ther th@n inst@ntly.It re@lly is @n issue with the more pure stuff, my shit is rocks, not mixed with c@ffeine @s it's from DNM's. My nose dried up from dehydr@tion so I stopped feeling the rush, it bec@me like just being stimmed with no euphori@.@lso plugging doesn't re@lly work for me, I stuck 100mg up my @ss, didn't work. M@ybe is it bec@use I'm expecting the effects to come on f@ster th@n they do.Wetting h@rd rocks I think m@kes it get stuck up the top of the nose where it's supposed to go right? I h@d this problem for @ges.I @lso notice you c@n get it up your nose where it just sits there @nd does nothing, you've got to get it slightly over the top into the wet spot, then you feel th@t rush, I've noticed when I've snorted inste@d of sniffed it's been more effective. Is th@t why they s@y you snort lines @nd not sniff?I find th@t with consistent speed use will ruin your sleep, so the euphori@ goes, I've noticed the next d@y I w@s w@y more stimmed th@n doing like 4 lines the night before, sleep restores dop@mine so it m@kes sense.People s@y dry the powder, but I find th@t's worse for @bsorbtion, the nose c@n't @lw@ys @bsorb your stuff, it c@n be too solid.
I understand these are basically Adderall without the brand name more or less.  Last time I used Adderall I had about 140mg in 12 hours time and felt great the entire time, with a mixture of snorting them in a powder and swallowing.  Is the Bioavailability of Amphetamine Salts the same in that regard?  Can I snort those?  I have 5 10mg (that's what I was told, I was certain about the Adderall dosage).  I would appreciate any information that someone could provide.   
I smoked before my last trip which turned into a nightmare and it's completely changed what weed does to me. I feel like shit, I'm having horrible anxiety attacks, I hate what smoking does to me now. Smoking with friends took up what little free time I have and now I can't even enjoy that. Has anyone had this happen? Did a short T-break fix it's effects? 
6 died from OD's in Philly yesterday. [Source.](http://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/news/local/Heroin-Overdose-Philadelphia-Deaths-Kensington-North-Philadelphia-Epidemic-Badlands-Bad-Batch-404678145.html)Last month, there were 50 OD's in one day in Philly. [Source.](http://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/news/local/Nearly-50-People-Overdosed-Today-in-Several-Philly-Neighborhoods-401820225.html) This is a massive public health issue, a **real** drug epidemic, yet what are our friendly billionaires and churches doing about it? Spending by the millions legal weed. Sheldon Adelson donated $3,350,000 to fight against marijuana legalization in Nevada. [Source.](https://www.nvsos.gov/SoSCandidateServices/AnonymousAccess/ViewCCEReport.aspx?syn=dzYyifk1wrNsycmpO6C8qQ%253d%253d) [Source 2.](https://www.nvsos.gov/SoSCandidateServices/AnonymousAccess/ViewCCEReport.aspx?syn=XVPs63164QELQyo%252bVpZ7Cw%253d%253d)Adelson then turned around and donated another $1 million to fight legalization in Massachusetts. [Source.](http://www.ocpf.us/Reports/DisplayReport?menuHidden=true&id=588170#schedule-a)And to top it all off, instead of using the money the Church swindles from their members for drug treatment centers or needle exchanges, the Catholic Church donated $850,000 to run ads against legalization in Mass. [Source.](http://www.ocpf.us/Reports/DisplayReport?menuHidden=true&id=590728)People are dying every single day from a real drug, a real public health threat, **yet the richest among us and our religious institutions would rather waste their money (they lost, it was indeed a waste) fighting legalizing marijuana than actually helping those who are truly at risk of losing everything because of a drug.**Shame on them. Fucking shameful. 
Ther isn´t much known about these mental healt problems associated with psychedelics. Often its like totally random.We are all connected ia Internet and we can use this to get numbers to find out hoe big the possibilty is to become psychotic or get HPPD. We only have a very vague idea about these things. We could find patterns like: nbomes or 2 cb being very strong to cause these things."The global drug survey was very good but they don´t cover thes specific topics too much.Make it happen, my nigs

Hi, what is it like to mix DXM (from cough medicine) and alcohol, and what is it like to mix DXM and weed? No background story really needed here, except maybe that I've never been properly high on DXM.Thanks!
Hey all,I was a benzo addict last year starting in December 2014 through November 2015. Even though I haven't taken Xannys in a long time for some reason I feel like there's residual baggage from the drug. Sometimes I get so anxious I actually feel nausea... and this never was the case while on or before benzo world. Do you think that xanax permanently fucked up my brain chemistry? There was a point where I couldn't even smoke weed without nausea but fortunately I'm past that because I love herb. I guess a better way to explain this is unreasonable anxiety in random situations(even with friends) that don't even warrant anxiety. 
First you gotta know, I took a whole lot of Shrooms, Lsd, Kush, Cacao in the past 5 years and I've been living this life like a videogame trying to improve my "caracter" which I trained as a Emcee. I knew my name was forever gonna be "Me", so I went on and freestyled the fuck up with everybody that shared the same interest as me AKA HIPHOP. I must have done 10000 freestyle if not more, and I still do !This my youtube channel as Proof ! https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLTP9YJW99tZmU6kSIL3BtAThis has made me understand a whole lot of thing about how we evolving as one big family here on earth. So recently I took some LSD and I was getting tired of everybody acting so "Divine" and such with their HIPHOP attitude, but none of them is able to prove IT correctly, and IT just happened, I felt the "what i taught was future me" enter me and we made one, GOD told me IT was actually my past me, and that we had made IT to Angels, but I took epicly long to make IT because I taught I was GOD, instead of following GOD direction in my life, and GOD gave me another chance to live this correctly with this knowledge. I saw some memories of me flying as an Angel but GOD told me no more because that would be no surprise for our future.So there I am.Peace
So this is a trip report from when I was 16, I've been considering writing this up for a while now just because it's so god damn weird. This is a prime example of why kids shouldn't do drugs.So to start there were 10 of us to start, aged 15 and 16, and we were all going to trip on aMT at one of our houses (his dad was old and basically ignored him). For me and 2 other this was our second time with aMT, so our second psychedelic trip. I will refer to these other 2 as "B" and "cunt" (will be explained later). We are at cunts' house, and I spend most of the trip with B. This is one of the weirdest experiences I've had. Everyone who hasn't tripped before takes 60mg, which is a large dose and I'm not sure why we decided on this. B and cunt take 80mg, for some reason my retarded 16 year old self decided to take around 120mg, I throw up on the comeup.  3 people leave after they've dosed as they decide to trip at someone elses house. For the first 2 hours of the trip, me, B and one other trip in a bedroom, all of us extremely high, talking alot of shit and having fun. I had taken a massive dose and had no idea where I was or what was going on, this was my first experience with ego death.After an hour or 2, we decide to leave this room. Me and B run down a corridor...but then we were back in the same room, this trips us the fuck out. We again run out of the room and into another bedroom, and this is where it gets fucking weird.In this bedroom, cunt and 2 others are there. The 2 others look scared shitless so we wonder whats going on. Cunt starts chattering his teeth, then yells at them "Tidy the fucking corner". They say they don't want to, so cunt just punches them both in the face. This has apparently been going on for the last 2 hours. Me and B are less retarded than these guy so we ask what the fuck is going on, to which these scared kids reply "We need to tidy the corner to make the room orange or he'll be angry" (weirdly this didn't clear things up). They then proceed to crawl to the corner of the room and "tidy" the corner. I am extremely fucking confused at this point.Now, cunt turns to B and tries to pull the same shit, his jaw starts chattering and B says "why are you guys scared of him he's a fucking pussy" (it's true he's smaller than all of us) and B punches him in the face, really fucking hard, he falls down.You have to remember that I was 16 and had taken a massive dose, so wasn't particularly surprised when I was suddenly in a different room, with the same scene repeating; B punches cunt hard. This happens a few times, as I teleport between rooms I feel like a non-present observer and watch the same scene repeat. Eventually cunt stops threatening us...he instead punches himself in the face (actually quite hard) which I found hilarious. At one point B tells cunt to punch him, someone else punches him and he just looks surprised.Now I'm in the kitchen, how did that happen? Wait did the clock just go backwards? Whatever, B has cunt in a headlock, cunt appears to be unconscious. B looks at me and says "shall I finish him?" I laugh and say "nah, better not."I'm now in the lounge, alone. Then everyone just materializes in the room, I jump in shock. Everyone is talking about what just happened, they seem to have come down a bit but I was still high as hell. Cunt is very injured. This was a weird experience.Not much happened after that, everyone was pretty confused about wtf had happened during the night. It was a surprisingly fun night.tl;dr: Bunch of kids take loads of aMT and do some stupid, violent shit.
Disclaimer: I have zero experience and knowledge of Xanax. I have a friend who's recently opened up to me about his Xanax addiction. He takes two "hulks" in the morning and two more later in the day for a total of 8mg a day I believe. How big of a dosage is this and how severe is his addiction? How can I help?(I'm not a very close friend of his whatsoever)He's in a really bad place and was recently expelled from school and faces felony charges for possession of large amounts of Xanax and weed. 
I hold a pretty damn decent amount of knowledge about countless narcotics. Ever since I could remember, I was fascinated by drugs. It amazed me that a single molecule can effect the complex human body in drastic ways. It started at 13. Researched a few common drugs, nicotine, alcohol and marijuana. As I grew up I advanced in my "studies" at around late 14 early 15 I learned a lot about common psychedelics, MDMA, and many pharmaceuticals. Long story short I was that guy in high school.I was the guy who did more then drink and smoke. You want something that's not alcohol or pot? Can't find it? You found your way to me. DMT was my only one. And still is damn it. Like twice a year it shows up. I would be at parties informing people they are rolling to often. I carried a test kit along to every party. I spent years finding suppliers for the purest of each narcotic. Time well spent.Drugs are like people. Each have certain characteristics. Each is very very unique. I have spent time with all of them. I have a relationship in one way or another with each one. Some bad, some great. Drugs are very fascinating. I love learning more about the things I love. Also I believe harm reduction needs to be talked about. People (especially teenagers) are going to experiment. On top of the presentation about what drugs can do to your body. Teach them to be safe. That way people don't go into a drug blind and end up dead. This is my main reason for my education. I wanted to try every single drug. I wanted to know what tel expect and how to not end up hurt/dead. How other don't have these thoughts confuses me. I knew every thing I could learn before using. And man I am haply I did that.Thanks for reading. I'm off to find a new drug to learn about. Curious what others have to say about this. 
If I see Blue field Entropic and Floaters does that mean I have HPPD? I am really just wondering if its all in my head or if I am seeing it as a result of 25i. I used 25i once and following the trip had pretty bad anxiety and now 1 year later still see floaters and these white dots in the sky,in class and on white walls. It is really pretty annoying and I would love to get rid of it. Just wondering if anyone who doesnt have HPPD sees the same things as me.
Looking to write a piece about a) why Meth use is so relatively insubstantial in the UK compared to other countries and b) speak to some people over DM for the article who use Meth in the UK.Would be for VICE UK, names obviously changed DM/comment! x
Hey guys, I took 20mg of 2cb in a pill, I want mad visuals so I am thinking of taking another pill, It's been 2 hours since I took the first pill, will I have tolerance built up enough that I wouldn't feel the effect if I took another pill?
Hey, I'm planning on taking 150ug of AL-LAD with my girlfriend later tonight then going for dinner & a movie so I'm wondering if anyone has experienced stomach discomfort after eating while on this chemical. Random, I know, but I recall reading a post on bluelight or drugsforum way back where someone was complaining about one of the LSD analogues making them extremely nauseous after eating.Thanks!
I am well aware of the multiple scholarly articles regarding the increased bioavailability for nasal administration of morphine when combined with chitosan. However, I recall having read on a Reddit post about mixing chitosan and morphine for not only an increased nasal BA, but increased oral and recital BA when combined with chitosan, but no articles or explanation were provided. I thought I would test this myself. I took about 1000 mg of chitosan orally (crushed into powder) about 60-90 seconds before taking 60 mg of instant release morphine sulfate dissolved in 30 mL of water. I had taken 0.5 mg alprazolam, 75 mg of diphenhydramine, and 25 mg of promethazine about an hour prior to ingesting the chitosan and morphine. I had an intense high about 40-60 min after taking the morphine/chitosan combination, as good or better than my best high from rectal use.I have previously rectally administered varying amounts of morphine sulfate (90-180 mg), along with having taken 100-150 mg of diphenhydramine an hour prior to rectal administration, and have had similar effects, that took effect much more quickly than oral administration allows.I found this article regarding a combination of alpha-cyclodextrin, xanthan gum, and morphine in a rectal suppository that increases rectal bioavailability 4-fold.https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/7714736/Anyone have any info regarding any of this? Does anyone know of any sources citing a morphine/chitosan oral solution increasing bioavailability ? Or think an alpha-cyclodextrin/morphine oral combination could increase oral bioavailability?
I took 37.5mg of vicodin, which because of complications with CWE I will say was worst-case scenario 30mg, and I feel different but it doesn't seem like something I would ruin my life over like many others do. So now I'm feeling good but fuming because I just spent an hour trying to properly ingest a bunch of pills I could've easily sold for five dollars a piece
I will be getting some lsd here soon and will be going to a rave for new years. I dont know the potency of the tabs but im thinking if they are 100ug i would take a quarter of it so 25ug. Im not looking to trip, im more looking for a bit of a body high plus visual enhancements and auditorial enhancements. Plus i will finally be 21 so i will be drinking quite a bit. So my question is will 25ug be enough for what im looking for? 
Hey Redditors basically my friend today gave me some of his Adderall (10mg IR) and I took one before attending class. I found it incredibly easy to focus, and I was strongly motivated, the information was far clearer to me and I understood it almost immediately (whereas I would normally need to be taught it multiple times to understand) my energy level was high and I felt greatNow the question is: What would be the health benefits/negatives of taking Adderall IR once daily every dayAll replies are helpful thanks guys
I am 18 and have taken MDMA in various forms around 10 times in total over the past 3 years.Previously, I have had amazing times with the drug and would recommend it as an experience to anybody.Around 3 months ago I started to take MDMA in greater quantities and more regularly. 2 months ago I was dosing and perhaps took more than I should have, and although I had a good time I also had some off-putting negative effects including feeling nauseous and panicked. I have dropped a couple of times since then (from the same batch of mandy) and have had the same effects, the most recent time not even really coming up but almost vomiting.I am inclined to believe that the batch of Mandy I've been using is not a particularly good one, but was wondering if I may be experiencing negative effects due to anxiety - I worry that I am going to have a bad time like before and then ultimately do?Could anyone shed some light on whether or not this can have an effect or if I am simply paranoid/anxious after having a couple of uncomfortable experiences?I am preparing to take MDMA again soon which will hopefully provide a good experience and subsequently ease my anxiety about taking it. I hope I end up enjoying it because taking MDMA is an experience that I have really loved in the past and would really love to continue doing.Thanks!
It feels like the "I" drugIt feels like the "Me" drugIt feels more alive and real than day to day life without feeling fake; don't get me wrong I love M, but low dosing acid is perfect for a night out at the club imo. A full 100ug or so tab if you're pretty experienced with it and don't mind being in close quarters with strangers, 50mg otherwise with some phenibut is excellent. And you can do this much more often than M without worrying about your health. (Just watch your mental health and make sure you reintegrate anything you happen to learn)It literally feels like Im high on myself, it takes you on an adventure everytime, being able to go into the club and feel like it's the universe and there's nothing else is just so liberating and makes me be able to let loose maybe even more than M while retaining some look of sobreity to others plus you get to keep a better memory of it after. It's so diverse; take 10-20ug and you can go to class/work and be super productive and learn more than normal and just feel like you had an amazing day when it would otherwise be "normal", take 50ug like I mentioned for a nice time on a night out, and 100ug and beyond to have a nice learning experience about the world and yourself.Peace
I'm planning on drinking fuck tons of water and doing cardio until 36 hours before the test, as well as taking B-vitamins, to flush the weed out. Will this work to flush out the 3-MeO? I did it for the last time 3 days ago, and the test will be within the next couple of days. Do I have any shot or am I better off trying a schemier method? 
I'm currently enrolled in job corps and I failed my initial drug test which was November 30th and they've given me 40 days to pass another one.I'm getting two weeks of vacation for Christmas starting the 15th- January 4th. They don't count those two weeks in my 40 days. All my friends smoke pot, and I'm a somewhat weak willed person and am afraid I just might let my temptations get the best of me. So my question is if I were to smoke pot like once, and after did regular excercise, ate healthy, and drank lots of water, could I pass in 30 days?? I'm about 250 pounds, and am 5 foot 9 inches tall. Please help 
Hey ya'll, its your favorite precocious scamp, D.H., just had a quick question: you know those drug interaction checkers on websites that you put in the substance(s) and it spits results back at you? I was curious for my own sake and put in **Cannabis** & **Adderall** and it returned no major interactions, just interactions with food. It had a disclaimer that the information may or may not be accurate. So, i figured id ask my favorite, knowledgable redditors, whats your thoughts? Are there any, if at all, interactions or adverse events that happen between cannabis and adderall? Does it vary by user? I would really prefer sources over anecdotal evidence, if possible. I tried googling/binging it and got nothing so far. Peace, Love, Hippie Hugs,D.H. 
My girl and I each took some percs (15mg her, 25mg me) and had a great time. Something we both experienced though near the end wad very unexpected. At about the 5 hour mark we both would get very tired and feel more high, and then suddenly we would feel totally energized again and keep up with talking and whatever. It cycled like that soooo many times. We were also smoking some weed through the day. EXCELLENT combo imo. But that's it, just wanted to share!
I currently take dexilant which is a type of proton pump inhibitor (can't think of generic name) and I'm gonna keep this short cause I'm at work but I've read so many conflicting facts about how it interacts with other medicines. I take Coke Xanax bars (plug and I are suspicious of fent laced) smoke weed daily and drink occasionally. But I can't find enough legitimate data on what I can and can't take. Any links or help would be great. Ps. I'm typing this while my openly Christian company is praying as a team lol PPs. Keep the Xanax bars being laced with fent comments to a limit I know that's a whole different problem and I'm aware 
Benzydamine, cute little chemical with a very short history and basically widely unknown, mostly because it still hasn't gathered enough data since its registration as OTC anti-inflammatory and pain reducing drug. It's known here as Tantum Verde and has some potential benefits over other NSAID preparations, like supposed local anaesthethic effect for throat inflammations and protection of gastric mucosa due to its mechanism of action not involving cyclooxigenase inhibition. It is still limited in every drug form to be merely locally active, nothing notable gets to your system this way. Even if it did, concentrations are still very low (+-3 mg in pastilles here), and on top of that, it's supposedly a bad molecule for absorbtion from the gut. However, one specific drug form has a whopping 500mg of it. Yeah, you've guessed it, it's vaginal cleaning antiseptic preparation. Still only locally active - it's negligibly absorbed in there, if at all. Let's get juicier. What happerns when we ingest more of it? Like, for example, 1 gram?You trip. You trip so fucking hard. And why is that? Nobody knows. We don't know its effective concentration for tripping, we don't know which receptors it binds to, we don't even know how it works in all those OTC products. It may seem atypical to have a drug in drugstores we don't really know jackshit about, but to be fair, we are still unsure how the most commonly sold medication (paracetamol) actually works in our bodies. Junkies speculate benzydamine is an anticholinergic due to similar tertiary amine binding with short carbon chain and eventually oxygen, but I beg to differ. There is one more carbon in its chain compared to anticholinergics, which is more than enough for drastic changes in its pharmacology. Sure, it may certainly antagonize choline receptors to some extent, but I doubt it's their only notable receptor affinity explaining all of the effects. Anticholinergic highs like diphenhydramine (Benadryl) are classified as delirianrs in overdoses and trips are usually raw and blunt. Nonetheless, today is benzydamine recognized as both deliriant and psychostimulant in "high" dose, but based only on subjetive experiences rather than experimental publications, but that's for obvious reason - the lack of experimental publications.  So how do we reach the fabled high? Naturally, we drink some pussy juice. The content of one package may be 500mg of the active substance in granulate form, but it doesn't end there. A single package of granulates weighs whopping 10 grams. Looking at inactive substances, there is also natrii chloridum and hexadecyltrimethylammonium tosilas included in each package. The maximum concentration of hexadecyltrimethylammonium is low, because it's a powerful antiseptic so weight of it is negligible. We're left with natrii chloridum, aka kitchen salt. There's over 9 grams of it in each package... it needs to go. The primary solvent for the whole package is water, so let's change that. Figuring out solubilities turned out to be fruitful, as kitchen salt doesn't dissolve in non-polar solvents, yet benzydamine does. I picked 85% ethanole as the first one to try out. I tested out solubility of pure kitchen salt (1g) at first. White trail of unsolubilised salt crystals at the bottom of ethanole-filled cup was a sign of success, barely any of salt poofed into the solution. So let's do it for real now. Content of 2 packages should be more than enough. I poured it into a glass cup and added plenty ethanole, stirred the hell out of it and then filtrated it through a strainer. A tremendous mountain of salt got caught over the net, so much that I got a little worried if it actually worked on benzydamine as it should have. The filtrated ethanole solution was crystal clear white liquid, but it's still highly concentrated ethanole, I'm not drinking it. Not after my experience with a sip of 96% one that fried my taste buds for over 3 days. Fortunately, it evaporates quickly even in room temperature, because it doesn't have strong H-bonds like water. After complete evaporation I found some salt crystals residue at the sides of a cup and weirdly interconnected white cracked stuff at the bottom of the cup. So, it should be soluble in water. Too bad it's glued to the bottom of the cup and ignores even its favorable solubilisator. I helped it by prying it out with a knife. Eventually water turned white and nothing was left scuba diving at the bottom. The colour was strangely reminescent of actual pussy juice, that's quite a definite last drive for your taste buds. There's only one thing left to do - time for a sip!Now before we get onwards, I should note it's not the first time this molecule transcended into my bloodstream. Always try the molecule before squeezing a load of anything new into yourself. Alergy, hypersensitivity, metabolising enzyme deficiencies, all of that will manifest itself even at much lower doses than the "high" one and all of them are exponentially worse long-term (cuz you die). The first time I just poured granulate into water so I obviously tasted the saltiness. It was undrinkably disgusting, cough syrup is a paradise in comparision. I endured just few sips and then got rid of it in a sink. I got no alergies from it, but neither anything else.Well, without any salt in the concoction, it should taste better, right? It doesn't. It's still disgusting. On the scale of disgust ranked from one to ten it got better by exactly zero point one. If I were a virgin before downing this cunty coctail, I would no longer be one anymore. I kept adding water to dilute it to more drinkable levels until it got bearable. The cunty taste remained for hours and I probably caused mild chemical burn on the upper part of my esophagus - most likely from the insufficiently diluted strong antiseptic that was still present after salt filtration. It's supposed to take around 30 minutes until it gets absorbed, so I decided to use up that time. I was hungry and wasted all the bottled water I've had for diluting. Up to this point I hadn't eaten anything to maximize benzydamine absorption, but I just had do something stupid, like inserting some junk food from a nearby cantina into me because of the aftertaste. Getting there was uneventful, but upon leaving there were first signs. I got very mildly light headed and felt everything getting tiny little bit brighter, especially white colours. I'm definitely intoxicated. I still had to buy water from nearby supermarket, so I kept going on while concentrating on every change in perception. Walking over there felt different than coming over to cantina. At this point it was comparable to mild alcohol buzz without balancing problems. I felt lighter, like walking around with naked feet. Lightheadedness kept on steadily progressing while waiting in the line for about 10 minutes. Moving around outside was starting to get difficult. My muscles felt incredibly light. Each step was like a tiny plane taking off. Walking was still possible to keep in control and look unsuspicious, unlike with heavy alcohol intoxications. However, I noticed my distance perception was altered while trying to get to the other side of the road. There was a truck slowly backing up which I had to bypass to get on the sidewalk, when I noticed I couldn't tell how far away it is from me exactly, something I haven't noticed even with heavy alcohol consumptions. For a second I found myself thinking whether I'm about to become a roadkill, getting ran over by a hightailing (+-5 kmph) truck. Eye contacts with bypassers were strange, strangely thought provoking. I doubt anyone had a clue I'm smoked, but it got to the point I no longer wanted to be in public. Before the entrance to my apartment I noticed I'm barely feeling cold temperature of chilly winter gust outside, it got me really intrigued so I pried out a few arm hair. I couldn't feel a thing. I mean, I could point to where my hair was pulled out even blindfolded, but minus the pain. I went further, tried touching various points of my skin, when suddenly an itch kicked in on my hand. Scratching it did nothing, my skin just didn't register a damn, so it kept on itching. Fortunately, it most likely wasn't histamine related itching (urticaria). Touching my skin anywhere felt unpleasant and was making me feel strangely uncomfortable. The last obstacles in my way are bunch of stairs. Not paying much attention to them, I kept going my normal speed on the way up, but after around 3-4 steps I realised I'm getting rapidly nauseated with each step upwards. It was almost like a diving sickness, except in the air. Vestibulary apparatus probably wasn't in perfect condition either. The only good that came out of it - I've decided to go up to my room by an elevator.Waiting for it to come down, I focused on my sight. The brightness still seemed to increase. All 4 corners of my vision now had a notable white shade wherever I looked even in sunlight-illuminated rooms. The view itself had a new layer with huge horizontal black and white lines slowly going upwards, but they were faint, barely noticeable without fully focusing on them. Sometimes my view randomly switched to double vision, but in about a second it was back to "normal". Closing my eyes revealed a mixture of fading white in my whole view along with a usual shade of black. Fortunately the effect of elevator on me was much less nauseating than stairs, it was a strangely pleasurable ride with the increasing muscle fatigue, but not to the point of wanting to ride it up and down constantly. Walking out of it and over an empty hall to my apartment, my increasing body weight and muscle fatigue heavily kicked in so I was glad I'm finally in front of my apartment. Unlocking was quite a sight to behold. My distance perception is gone at this point and I'm lightheaded to the point of instantly falling over after leaning just a little off my gravitational center. After 2 minutes of just stabbing random spots on my door with keys, I hit the jackpot. I sat on a chair and just stared blankly, unaware of possible upcoming surprises. I stared around my room. The first thing I've noticed was an awkward orange shape of light from afternoon sun propagated on the floor through window. The colour of it was definitely off, almost like bright carrot-orange, not a sun colour whatsoever. All shadows were blurry at their edges and seemed to pulsate in brightness once they weren't in the center of my view. Tilting my head around fast was difficult and felt heavy, but I noticed something strange. If you spin your head fast enough from point A to point B, your memory will contain only the last look at point A before rotating and point B after rotating, but you can't percept the blur while rotating. Well, at least not under normal circumstances, because I was able to notice a grey mush covering few bits and pieces, lines and shapes when rotating fast enough. I powered on my laptop to add a bit of light to my slowly darkening room. Reading a wall-text article was impossible, my short term memory has abandoned me for now. I'd forgotten what a beginning of sentence was about before I've read it entirely. The black colour of those words on white background was far more entertaining, because it seemed there are 2 shades of black (one brighter black and one darker black) and they were attributed to words completely randomly and redistributed differently after looking away from the screen of laptop and back. Looking away from the screen revealed another oddity - my light accomodation had a delay. It was an Internet Explorer kind of delay, every 1-2 seconds it was keeping on gradually increasing or decreasing in brightness for roughly 10 seconds (depending on whether I look at or away from light source). It was comparable to increasing brightness in a videogame, just keep increasing it rapidly fast by small chunks at least 2 seconds apart. I was basically able to see darker parts of room get gradually brighter and laptop screen get darker. Listening to music felt like there's more depth perception to each song, because previously ignored background sounds and instruments seemed more noticeable. Watching a trippy music video, however, was a crappy idea, because it upset my stomach. I had to puke almost in a instant. That junk food was obviously a bad idea, I was aware of that while eating it, though it was worth it to reduce the persisting aftertaste. I wish it at least tasted better, so I wouldn't mind the taste one more time. Benzydamine still wasn't done just yet. Actually, there's still a main course ahead.There's an old wrinkled yellow-coloured wall in the WC of my apartment. Looks as if it was constantly bashed on since its creation. After removing all the junk from inside of me, I noticed some spots on the wall in motion. Tiny tips of wrinkles on the completely yellow coloured wall seemed to be of weak red shade in chaotic circular movement. Everything disappeared as I leaned closer to it and again reappeared as I got distant enough. I realised it's the ant hallucination, common first symptom to emerge after psychotic outbreaks or drug intoxications. I was so thrilled! Just as I was about to get back to my room, something else caught my eye - my puke calmly swimming around. It was very clear, the blurry vision of objects I had just some moments ago is gone. Within a few seconds of staring contest, a chunk of that filthy slime seemed to transform. Certain pukey portions created imaginary boundaries and were basically reshaping themselves as long as I kept staring at them without blinking. Eventually, even more complex shapes formed themselves to the point of distinguishability. All of those newly shaped objects had properties of holographic 2D pictures, they were static and minimalistically coloured (white to grey) and some of them were strikingly detailed. Most of those I could distinguish were static distorted faces of monsters from old games, Wolfgang A. Mozart or a laughing skull. A single twitch of my eye was enough to completely break any illusion. Whatever object appeared, it had nothing to do with my thoughts and I couldn't really alter anything other than just keeping on looking... so I had a staring contest with my puke for 10 minutes. I tried to enhance those 2D illusions by adding my spit to the mixture, but it had a completely opposite effect - the striking colour contrast between spit and vomit prevented fluent illusions from appearing. Bummer. I checked out mirror view next, but that was quite uneventful, I even looked sober. The only thing that seemed off was my eye colour which looked fascinatingly brighter than usual, like clean sea-water blue. I sit back in my visibly less illuminated room. This phase can be called a virtual reality phase - whatever I look on, chances are I can make it do something in a matter of few seconds that only my glitched brain currently percepts. All lights were completely unstable - flashes, sparks, lines, shiny floaters, even clouds of darkness appearing out of nowhere and moving around my field of view, disappearing and reappering, shadows changing shapes, all of this just seconds apart. As sunlight was still coming in from the outside while slowly losing intensity, it was really awkwardly bending some shadows - they weren't slowly fading away, instead I percepted them as if the uppermost part of any shadow was a bunch of cubes that were rapidly disappearing one by one, sometimes even not disappearing at all, distorting the leftover shape further. Wooden wardrobe in front of me made of two shades of brown was randomly interchanging its colours while animated edges of gibberish was projecting onto it in dark pink/purple colour shade. This projected mishmash had different properties than previous puke holograms, because it wasn't static nor anywhere as detailed, but rather in constant motion, like a blurry screen of a TV currently airing a cartoon program. Noticing it required far less focus and was basically instantly appearing whenever I looked at that part of room over the course of pretty much entire trip peak. Sometimes I recognized some obvious shapes like disney characters, witches or satan, but focusing my sight didn't make them much clearer nor detailed, so it hasn't remained a center of my focus for very long. Objects around me, while not blurry, were percepted falsely. Everything was in constant motion, including empty bottles around me, the cup I intoxicated myself with, laptop... everything, as long as it was on the edges of my view, was in back and forth perpetual pulsating motion even without my focus. Even if there was something in the center of my view, I could make it seem like it's moving around by touching one of my eyelids with finger and gently pushing. Looking at the back of my hand I noticed formication, but didn't interpret it as such. It was as if my hand was made of gelatine and small bubbles of it were forming and rapidly subduing below the skin, somewhat reminding me of viscous flowing lava liquid. Strangely, it was noticeable at almost any distance, I could make it stop only by dragging my hand right in front of my eyes. This had me slightly scared at first, because I was realising my blood pressure may be very high and thought I'm actually not hallucinating, explaining this instead as a result of vessels pumping blood at a fast enough rate and volume for it to create these wobbly bumps. Staring at my fingers while slowly pushing them to less illuminated area, I could create two E.T. faces on the skin over both joints. My arm hair looked like grey, hazy mush that's constantly dancing around. I still barely feel any pain on the skin. Darkness below the table around my legs was prone to forming vivid grey faces and haunting objects uncomfortably close to me. My unplugged yellow lamp shaped into a huge green-tinted picture of Ben Franklin. An empty soda bottle on the table was sparkingly white inside, almost as if some gas was swirling in it and water droplets dangling on the sides were unusually bright and numerous for an empty bottle. Focusing on the upper dark corner of my room was yielding even more interesting stuff, like huge 3D statuettes forming themselves and moving upwards through the upper wall or even doing recognizable movements. These illusions were the most unstable, required a lot of focus and easily disappeared in a blink of an eye. A hole in the window net behind me seemed like it's moving on its own around the window and randomly shaped into holographic static grey faces, including a lost soul from the doom series. One of my slippers took on a form of some cyclops head thing and stared angrily at me even after looking away and back. I couldn't notice anything significant happenning in my view while having my eyes closed besides a few fading holographic faces, except for a brief moment when something around 2x3 millimetres wide appeared around the center of my view that was fully coloured rather than white/black, but too small to be distinguishable (seemed like TV screen with some sitcom broadcasting). My shadow behind me was dancing around back and forth while the upper part of it started to shrink and transform into a single tiny black line. Disturbances in peripheral vision were common - at one point while looking at the screen with music on, it seemed like the door to my room, situated conveniently to be at the rightmost end of my view, was opening and completely black figurine enters the room, while other time a lamp on the leftmost part of my view was pulsating shining sparkles despite being still unplugged. All of those random flashes of light and shadow shenanigans could be potentiated by slowly closing my eyes, revealing even more drastic light and colour distortions. I'm not sure if I had any auditory hallucination, because there's a lot of sounds coming from everywhere, but one particular sound, namely the one that you hear when Mario hits a question mark box and a coin comes out... well, I could hear it loudly out of nowhere along with some more gibberish that I wasn't paying much attention to. One unremarkable sound I've noticed stopped immediately after I moved with my head. The screen of laptop was strangely uneventful while staring at it. The only changing of shapes happenning was of chunks of dirt glued onto screen, but drawing some MS paint shapes didn't yield anything other than edges of my keyboard buttons shining from left to right in the motion of mexican waves. In complete darkness I could still percept colours like red and green mushes forming themselves in the center of my view and moving around, but any other illusions were notably less detectable. My perception of time was most likely just as impaired, I probably wouldn't have been able to keep track of time were it not for a digital timer on my laptop screen. When the amount of visual mumbojumbo started to decrease, I turned the lights on and went immediately to my laptop to write down everything I can remember. Strangely, I remember quite a lot, which would be an unlikely case with anticholinergics, as people usually wake up after a trip with only minimal recollections that usually have to be filled in by witnesses. From the effects, I can conclude that it didn't work quite like high dose of anticholinergics because of no noticeable salivary glands suppresion, short term memory wasn't anywhere near as impaired and my sight was never distorted to the point of being unable to recognize letters of written text. The nature of the trip was probably 50:50 deliriant/hallucinogen combo, with supposed stimulation that gets negligible influence during the peak, but definitely does work, because I've written this entire report in one sitting still intoxicated and added only few revisions the day after. The psychostimulation is almost weak amphetamine-like, no feelings of hunger or thirst over the course of entire effect duration. Premature sleeping is unlikely, this thing will keep you awake for quite a while. The pain reduction may be from certain anaesthetic properties, maybe even contributing to the bizzaro trip in some way. The comedown is tolerable, but it's still a comedown. Somewhat frequent were disturbances in peripheral vision usually in form of sudden increases in brightness in the rightmost or leftmost points of view persisting throughout the comedown. This was especially irritating part of comedown, because these disturbances were quite vivid even in well illuminated room. Sometimes they had a shaking element to it, which I often percepted as movement, making me reflexively turn my head rapidly to the source only to discover nothing out of ordinary happenning and my blood pressure rising for a moment. Those with anxiety would likely find this phase particularly unpleasant. The lenght of trip was roughly 12 hours. Around one hour after ingestion the most vivid perceptional alterations were taking effect and persisted for another 2 to 3 hours. However, mild visual hallucinations were possible to induce until over 8 hours since ingestion. I could always tell hallucinations are taking place and consciously realise it, at no point it fooled me into believing I'm witnessing a reality. Developing dependance or addiction are, in my opinion, out of question.Overall, a fascinating brain glitch simulator.   
Hi all, upfront - I suffer from MS so yeah weeds' a good thing in my life, but my questions lay in the pill zone which is a danger zone buzz kill for me (dead relative od).  So I'm on Concerta 18mg 2 a day, which is fine except for the heart racing anxiety, which apparently is a MS thing as well. Intro Xanax .5 mg to chill me out, first day seems fine almost like the clearest I've been in a while. SO whats up here what are the boundaries (I love a martini) & the bingers aren't stopping soo ... any advise for me would be appreciated!
My friend and I both took a large amount of mushroom tea. We used to go to the field and get bags full of shrooms literally pounds at a time, go home, and make a large pot of tea. We had made the tea that morning which we called smurf juice since it was so blue/purple so we would have it for the night. It wasn't actually planned we just like always having things on deck.      So my friends tripped during the day then my other friend got off work and we downed 2 large tervis tumbler cups of this smurf juice. I then rolled a blunt and we went out back to smoke it. About halfway through the blunt we look at each other, smile and agree "dude we're about to trip so hard" the giggles then ensue as we keep smoking and listening to music on my back porch. The back porch is caged in with a pool a nice tree in the backyard and is a nice atmosphere for tripping.      Meanwhile we go back inside to the living room which is set up with a red lava lamp to provide for root chakra and safe feelings, and a color changing ball, blankets, pillows and Netflix. I start dancing around crazy full of energy at the beginning come up and then lay on the couch. Mushrooms have a tendency to couch lock from what I've noticed so my friend and I both immediately knew there would not be to much action until the peak was over. The song gooey by glass animals ended up getting stuck on repeat and blast off into mushroom heaven.      The rhythmic unconditional love of my heart pumping life through my body is amplified. The entire living room is swimming with a red glow as all edges have merged perfectly together and are wiggling in an endless abyss of unity. I think I may puke so I run to the bathroom and then get distracted by my face in the mirror. Every time I move around nausea ensues so I go back to the couch. As I lay down I merge with the couch and time slows down so much I cannot feel the difference between breathing in and breathing out. I can simply feel the blood be pumped through my body by that unconditional rhythm of love so I knew I was safe it's drifting through the cosmos.      My dog sees me on the couch and smiling tail wagging enthusiasm comes up to "comfort" me. I get excited by this little loving dog and try to pet him. The second my hand layed on his body my hand immediately melted into him. I retracted my hand spontaneously to receive my sense of self back and got lost into my breathing again. That was for about an hour and a half to 2 hours and I was able to get up and walk around again.      My friend and I go outside on the back porch and the clouds resemble the top of a blue meanie mushroom or psilocybe cyanesense (are we living in a mushroom??) we smoke some more weed to fuel our gas tanks as we're not ready to leave hyperspace yet.     So we go back inside put on Netflix and I trance out on this weird show with old people dressed as babies in a nursery. I was then brought to a council of 13 people who claimed to be running the world right know however they seemed in stress as their secrets are being released and I learned the older generation is smart and could be harnessing energy from young to keep them alive. 
Been diagnosed with generalized anxiety for awhile now and lately its been really bad. I have taken benzos before but its been like 10 months since I was on them daily, regular basis usage. This Xanax I was prescribed is doing nothing to help me. It just dulls my mind and makes me feel looser but the nasty anxious feeling in my gut is still pervading my being each moment. Doc said if the Xanax wasn't enough for some temporary relief that we'd do beta blockers next as they focus more on the physical relief of anxiety symptoms. Just incredible that you could feed a bar to your drug-newbie friend and they'd get knocked flat on their ass, but someone like me whose GABA receptors never fucking shut up just gets a little head tingle
My friend did a speedball the other day. (combined Heroin and cocaine) He texted me some fucked up shit the next day saying he will never be the same again and he doesn't care if he dies or gets arrested. I've done my share of drugs but never H.  Since then I haven't talked to him. I know he's alive because I talked to his boss at work and he's been showing up for work at least. I'm just tryna figure out why he would say that shit to me. It's that addictive after doing it one time? He was saying there is no turning back like he's addicted to heroin forever now.
Hello,I have been suffering from depression along with some other mental difficulties for a couple of years now.I have tried almost 20 different meds (antidepressants, antipsychotics, anticonvulsants, beta blockers) during the course of about five years which lead to no success.My patience is running out, I start to lose hope and sometimes just consider to completely give up on it. Even my psychiatrist is not quite sure about what to try next.Does anyone know of or have experience with alternative meds or methods to effectively treat depression? I am willing to try anything as long as it is legal (in Europe) and I can get my psychiatrist's approval.Thanks
One of my friends recently started growing about 4 weeks ago but since the environment which the mushrooms root started to grow was not viable the plant stopped growing due to poor research. So I was wondering how much would it cost for another small plant that is started roots but not necessarily begun to grow caps. In state that I come from its its EXTREMELY rare to find these plants talkless of finding someone who grows them, So I would like to have them shipped to my house if that possible. Now I know exactly how to grow them, but all I need is just a plant to start off.Thanks.
So my friend invited me over to get spun out with her and her friend. So we hang out at his house and we get start feeling geeked getting all talkitive kinda just seeing what's up with each other. Btw this guy showed me his stash of dope it was at least 3 bags full of big ass rocks! And he was giving me all these hot rails and just getting me spun. So eventually my friend had to leave and go take care of her own thing, well I stayed there with the guy her friend and hanging out. As we keep talking he opens up to me about how his girlfriend who was an addict that booted it, how she committed suicide. As he went on kept talking about it he said how she shot herself right in front of him and then after he called the police he got arrested and accused of murder. The local news channel did a segment on him and everything and he showed it to me. Also his 8 year old daughter was in the house when it happen to so she went to cps... So the cop in the news segment said he thought he murdered her cuz his story just didn't add up, apparently the gun shot wound was on the right side of her neck. So this guys case is still pending because they don't have enough evidence to prove that he murdered her. But at the same time he did tell me that when the gun went off they were "wrestling around" a bit cuz he was trying to take it from her. Idk he really seemed like a nice guy and I believed him at the moment... But also not to mention he is a military vet he got shot on duty and sent home, and had a license to access guns... So he also at the time this all happened was buying cases ak47s online and selling them to some biker club guys. So come to find out the girlfriend at the time was also working with the feds helping them catch one of her plugs or something, so then when the bikers he sold the guns to found out and who knows what they said or did but this guy doesn't associate with them at all... And when I met him the other night he was staying with one of his buddies, and he had blue hair... In the picture they had of him on the news skit his hair was brown. And when I first met him he told me his name was something other than what it was, which he admitted to me later on but at this point he had told me the whole story pretty much so he obviously trusted me idk... I mean that would be really tragic for it to happen to somebody but at the same time he described his girlfriend as a horrible chick that used him and lied and stole from his bank accounts and all kinds of crazy shit that addicts do to rob people... I mean I didn't feel scared or in danger around him he was an absolute nice guy but idk with everything he told me I kinda think he did kill her, she fucked him over bad, and was putting him in a tough spot with the biker club and idk I just kinda rethought about everything he told me when I wasn't so twacked later on and it just seems a lil fishy what do y'all think?
So, easy question.Exactly 18 hours ago I took 500ug of fentanyl (sublingual). The biological halflife of sublingually dosed fentanyl is 5-6 hours (according to medial studies). That means that there is currently approximately 62,5ug left in my body right now (probably even less because the bio availability is not 100%).The duration of action of sublingual fentanyl is about 4 hours.Would it be safe to take another downer (like GHB) right now? My usual dose is 3,0g, I was thinking about starting with 1g and taking another 1g every 30 minutes as needed as I currently have an empty stomach.Thanks for reading :)
Can someone give me some perspective on how addictive ketamine is? I think I might have an addictive personality but I also want to try it. For some perspective on me, I hear adderall has a strong addiction potential but never had a problem using it for years. Thanks. 
Okay so before I begin, I've taken Concerta in the past and I'm not prescribed.**Im 238lb Male in High-school around 5'11**. The first time I took Ritalin it was 36mg and I felt very good for about 4 hours, I don't think I ate breakfast that morning but the effects lasted about 3 periods. I stopped taking Ritalin at school because the euphoria left me, I was pretty much a moody concentrated asshole.I'm wanting to use it for studying now, I have 2 10mg Methylphenidate pills on me and I'm wondering how much I should take for about 2-4 hours of studying.
This is probably going to be a long post and I'm not sure if this is the place for it. I have known this girl for nearly 20 years - we'll call her Gina. We used to be really good friends. We all did a shit ton of drugs (mostly weed, coke and e) in our youth and it was all good, we were all still gainfully employed and most of us grew out of it (still indulge once in a while).Unfortunately things did not go so well for Gina. She got pregnant for her drug dealer who had 12 other children, and then subsequently died of cancer. Shortly thereafter, her mum, who she was extremely close to, died too. She was still ok and kept her drug use under control, she'd smoke weed ever day and do a baggie of coke at home after her kid went to bed. So far so good.I moved away about 6 years ago - she has dyslexia therefore doesn't do social media or computers so we didn't really keep in touch. I would go and see her when I went back and things seemed to be ok - ish.Then about 2/3 years ago I started hearing rumours that she was doing crack. Her daughter was being neglected too. The last straw came when her daughter had been left in the care of a man dying of AIDS while her mom went to smoke crack. She decided to walk home at 6am because she was hungry - so was found on the street by herself at the age of 7 or 8, trying to get home. She had no idea where her mother was.At the same time some photos surfaced of Gina and her daughter on the beach with her 'boyfriend' who is actually a murderer on death row, who was out on prison work release supposedly doing beach cleanup. This caused a national scandal and basically her child was taken away by social services. This was last year in September.Realising that she was actually in some deep shit, my friend agreed to a 30 day rehab programme but refused the 6 month halfway house route after she came out. She was clean for 2/3 months (including the 30 days in the rehab of course) and then relapsed.She stopped all contact with her child (although some of this info is second hand - she claims the people fostering her daughter won't let her contact her, I have reason to believe that every time she did contact her daughter, she would end up having behavioural problems and her bedwetting would return so to me it is understandable that her caregivers would not want contact.) I, however, have been told that there has been no attempt by Gina to contact her or even send her a birthday or Christmas present.The convict boyfriend she was sooo in love with was back behind bars and she started hanging out with another lowlife crackhead, minor criminal as her boyfriend. And then she ended up pregnant. The lowlife died (not sure how but some medical issue) and she had the baby on Sunday. It was touch and go if the baby was going to make it or not but she seems to be doing ok now apart from some lung issues and withdrawals. My friend didn't go to the doctor once during her pregnancy, smoked crack and cigarettes and weed throughout. The welfare department is not going to let her take this baby home.My other friend (Sarah) who I am getting most of my info from, went to visit her yesterday. Sarah and Gina used to be really close and Sarah was the one who got Gina through her first pregnancy, taking her to the doctors appointments etc. Sarah was also one of the people who reported Gina for her child neglect and of course Gina blamed Sarah among others for the fact that her child was taken away from her.Funnily enough now that she has no other friends, when Sarah went to visit her, she was grateful. She has agreed to go back to rehab and do the 6 month halfway house program. Sarah is not sure how genuine she is being. Gina has never admitted that she was an addict. She never really hit rock bottom. She has never taken responsibility for any of her actions, always blaming everyone else. When I was in touch with her after her rehab stint she kept being evasive when I asked her questions and deflecting - all classic addict behaviour.Gina has asked Sarah to foster the baby for the 7 months she's in rehab. At this stage who knows if the baby has any permanent issues but she is considering it.I have felt so helpless and unable to do anything from here. I wish I could be there to actually give Gina help (if she would be willing to take it). There is a lot more to this story, but this is long enough!TL:DR How can I help my crack addict friend actually go to rehab and take responsibility for her actions?
As many UK users know we have a drug wipe that is being used on our roads that can detect cannabis, MDMA, ketamine and other drugs my question is that if the drugs are plugged this drug wipe kit wouldn't work as there would be nothing in the Slavia correct?

I took, I assume ecstasy, for the first time in 2006. I was at a party and a girl who I'd been friends with for several years kissed me with it on her tongue. I took it without a fight. Never saw the pill, but it was in pill form. About an hour later, I was having my first trip which was blowing my mind. Great visuals, light streams, no anxiety, I don't recall a speedy feeling, and a ton of teeth chattering. It was amazing. I took it again, for the first time since that first experience last August 2015. It was a Tesla, probably 220mg. Took half, so maybe 110mg. Anxiety at come up, but great feeling at peek with some speed feeling. No visuals and no chattering. About 3 months later, took a whole one, same effects but amplified. My question is why haven't I seen visuals or had the chatters sense? Different chemicals? I miss the euphoria, visuals, and chatters from the first time but haven't been able to replicate.
**TL;DR: Want to have one of those magical change-your-life-in-a-positive-way trips, what substance and dose, place and other important things would you recommend?** Hi to the community, this is the paragraph where I write about how this subreddit is amazing and how much I've learned from it etc. etc., which I actually mean, but I'll spare you all.I'll get to the point. A few days ago while *actually* listening to Morphine for the first time(cure for pain), I realized I kind of need to sort my life out and most importantly sort some shit with myself out.I was smoking weed 2/3/more times a day every day for a bit more than half a year, and I know that's not much, but as magical genes can be, apparently that was enough for my short term memory to go to shit. I'll cut it short so this isn't an insanely long post since there's other stuff I have to address too, but basically I kind of self-diagnosed myself with BPD, which I'm not even sure of and don't want to jump to conclusions because I haven't been professionally diagnosed. I also feel like a sociopath at times, schizo at others, just anxious another time, and normal and confident another time. I feel like I'm heavily influenced by everything, and basically I feel like there's chaos inside my head and want to sort it out as it's fucking up aspects of my life, like one day I love my girlfriend, another I just ignore her messages, develop short term crushes for other girls, idolize another girl and then I remember I actually have a girlfriend and I'm going a bit too far, (non-romantic)relationships with friends etc.Also while listening to Morphine, I realized a good idea might be to do this with some psychedelic, firstly thinking of mushrooms as they're reportedly more introspective, but I'm open to other stuff as well and can't decide. LSD is a lot easier to get than shrooms for me but that isn't big enough a factor in deciding which psychedelic to go with honestly.The thing is, I need your guys' help/advice/recommendations on which psychedelic to go with, dose, where to trip, and any other important information I guess.I've only done LSD 2 times and it seems to last about 7-8 hours for me. I'm open to trying shrooms and would probably go with 3.5g, but I don't know what dose I'd go for if I'd be doing LSD. 150ug was fun, 200ug was noticeably more introspective but that might be because of the weed too. I don't really have that much of a problem being in public as I've come up in public so I'm open to (not insanely)higher doses of LSD too.I don't know where to trip though. I can't exactly be alone at home and didn't like being stuck alone in my room on one trip where I came home on the come down. I don't really have a very close friend I could open up to and not feel dumb or get dumb advice, and I don't think I'd have a problem tripping solo unless I change my mind while tripping and be happy and want to be with someone. I'm thinking of bringing some Valium along just in case and to keep peace of mind. Was thinking of 10mg since I've never had Valium before but I think that'd be good for calming down(by this I mean in case of a really bad trip, I wouldn't end a "difficult" trip to be honest). Thing is, I still don't know how comfortable I'd feel just tripping alone on some mountain or wherever, just writing shit down, but I'm considering it anyway, and I could always say I'm just making up ideas for something if someone asks, and tripping outside is pretty cool.I also know people have done heroic doses of shrooms in the dark while laying down with no music and have had life changing experiences, but I haven't read too far into that. Open to that as well.Basically lately I'm also kind of shy or just quiet around some people, including people I respect and hang out with semi-regularly, and I'm not sure if that's after my last trip because I started having a bit of a bad thought loop while just sitting alone in my room on the comedown and felt miserable for a short time, but that still *might* not be the case, as I've been a bit shy and quiet since before that, even though for example I usually have no problem talking to strangers and actually find it fun. Basically with some groups of friends I'm okay, and other that I haven't been really close with I feel self-conscious, anxious, and I just judge myself constantly and most of the things I want to say I simply don't, all while knowing there's no reason I should be like that because those same people I'm with at that moment have said I'm a good guy, said things like "why are you so quiet man", including a guy I respect more now telling me something like "dude, you annoy(more in a make mad way) me when you always answer with uncertainty, be certain and learn to express yourself", which really stuck with me, especially since the same night when I stopped mid-sentence while trying to say something because the guy I was gonna say it to started talking to another guy, he interrupted them and told me to say what I had to say.As I mentioned I don't really have any really close friends I could open up to, nor can I to my family, so basically this has also been a *bit* of a vent because I haven't said it to anyone and feel ridiculous at times when I start thinking about it.
I dropped 4.5mg of moxy this morning to get a feel for it. I experienced a light body load, slight headspace, increased visual acuity and maybe some morphing. Overall it was underwhelming so I'm looking to take it again in two days but at a more effective dose. I have read  that 8mg is a good starting dose but worry that it may be too light due to possible tolerance.I'm looking to explore this substances visual, entactogenic and euphoric potential without any sedation or dissociation. (if possible)
Recently I was at a friends house who had liquid acid in a eye dropper. He asked if I wanted some and I said ya. Upon seeing him beginning to pull out a joint paper presumably to put the acid drop on, I said "Just drop it straight on my tongue". He giggled and stood up to do so. I stick out my tongue expecting a slight drop. Instead it was like I was fucking New York in Flavor of Love and just got a large luggie of acid spat into my mouth. Immediately I winced and looked at him who responded with a look of terror and curiosity. I wiped as much as I could from my tongue and broke the tension with a laugh, but I was fucking scared. I had taken 23 hits in 24 hours, but never this much at once, which I had presumed was about 10-20 hits on the low end. I proceeded to trip absolute balls for about 20 hours. At points I lost all depth perception and reality started to blend together like an Andy Warhol painting. This brings me to the story my friend told me yesterday. He was in finals week of college and had liquid acid in a eye dropper. Two dudes he only knows through casual drug sales come by for one hit each. He says "Stick out your tongues". The first guy does it, gets one drop, goes smooth. Second dudes turn, opens his mouth, lid falls off, 20 hits and the lid on this mans tongue. My friend plays it cool, casually says "Thats the last of it." I hear this and say "Damn thats fucked up, you never said anything?". He laughed and said "Nope never saw either of them again, it was the last week of school". 
Dropped acid and smoked a few grams with a close cousin of mine I've been super tight with since we were teenagers. Been smoking with him for a long time from time to time. Suddenly got a text out of the blue from him threatening to tell my whole family about all the substances me and my fiance have used with him and on our own over the years because he heard someone told his mom about his molly use - all because he didn't want to be the only one in the family with a reputation for using illegal drugs (he's gotten caught with weed from his parents multiple times, since he still lives with them).Turns out it was someone totally unexpected and definitely not us, and he apologized to me and I said everything was cool now. But honestly it's not, that's a code you don't fuck with, and now I've completely severed my relationship with him. Probably, who I would have considered, one of my closest friends. So lastly, just a gentle reminder, especially if it's family, be extremely careful with who you tell about your use and who you use it with. We currently live on incredibly cheap rent in my fiance's parents guest house, and they easily would have kicked us out if they found out as they are hyper conservative.Play safe, guys. 
Lately, when I do any drugs I only feel negative effects. Even from drugs that normally make people feel good. Doesn't matter what kind or what dosage, I just feel bad. This has been going on for a couple months now and it's very frustrating. Oddly enough, the only drug that's actually felt pretty good was a Xanax I took a few days ago. So my question is this: What drug will have an almost 100% chance of making me feel good? I don't care what it is, how dangerous it is, or how addicting it is. I just want something that won't give me anxiety, or make me feel sick, or make me feel depressed. Edit: Maybe a bit of context would be useful here. I'm not an addict, I don't do drugs frequently, I don't take them irresponsibly. The only substances I consume regularly are Adderall, which I'm prescribed for ADHD and don't abuse, and alcohol, which is usually just a beer with dinner 4-5 nights during the week. I've just had a string of disappointing experiences for the last couple months where the negative side effects of most drugs have outweighed the good. Some examples: I got some Ritalin, which I've had before and thoroughly enjoyed, but this time it barely effected me (stimulant cross-tolerance?). I occasionally use Kratom, but the last few times have made me sick, even when I lowered the dose. I don't drink large quantities of alcohol because it has a tendency to make me emotional when I overindulge. Weed almost always makes me anxious, so I don't smoke. I like psychedelics but my last trip was very heavy - not bad, but just very emotionally weighty - and I don't feel ready yet for another trip. I tried MDMA in the spring but it honestly disappointed me, it was tested and came from a reliable source so I'm pretty sure it was pure - maybe I just raised my expectations too high. So that's it. I'm just frustrated with all these disappointing or unpleasant experiences and want to break my streak.

Pretty much the title, I'm going to a 3 day festival and was planning on doing like 40 mg Dexedrine on the first day, and rolling on the third day. Will the Dexedrine make the Molly roll much more dull?I'm not sure if this fits the character limit dhdhsjiaoaowissujsajjedicixiishahwbwbeajaocoshsbsjizjxbsbsjsisicjsbssbxoxjbsbsjsisjsbabahajsiaiajsjjshehehehehhehejejejeueueueueiei
Phenibut is the best drug. On everything else I can feel the effects of it, the buzz, the intoxication. On phenibut, I forget. I am me, turned up, having a ton of fun, and only later on do I think "huh makes sense that was me on phenibut". Every single night on it is nothing but both amazing and a great story to recall. I played around with higher doses but although I feel really euphoric, it's disabling. So now I do a standard, prescribed dose of 1-2g periodically. So far I've:* Dressed up in cosplay, sent pics of myself to people, made a ton of new friends online* Seduced someone online and cybered* Seduced someone irl that came over to visit * Seduced a co-worker.The last one was last night. I may be throwing up at work in the bathroom, but who gives a shit. I took a small dose -- 0.75g x 2. I felt amazing. I got so much work done. I STILL FEEL AMAZING. I'm hung over in the bathroom throwing up and it's great. Life is great.Phenibut is the only drug which makes me feel "I wish I could be on this forever". I know i can't. That's why I respect it. I've done a lot of 'big girl' drugs. But holy shit, every single time on phenibut it's been nothing short of amazing. No crashes like stims, no come downs from dissos or other things, no exhaustion like from tripping, no anything. Just great.P.S. disinhibited me is a total slut
I live in Canada and i would like to know when it will be legal. If anyone knows politics in Canada, justin trudeau just won the prime minister election, and i think one of his promises was to legalize weed. i've done some research but nothing really showed up. also feel free to put some funny stories, i like listening to your guys stories. thanks again. 

I'm going to be hanging out with a small group of friends in around 2 weeks so that we can all try MDMA. My group of friends has extensive experience with nearly all "mainstream" drugs, along with a lot of RCs/Designer Drugs, but none of us have tried MDMA (we have all tried 4-FA, 6-APB, plus I have tried 5-MAPB, so we have all had other Entactogens/Empathogens), also at least me (maybe one or two more are going to candyflip) more than likely for our first time with MDMA. We all have fairly extensive experience with LSD as is. I was thinking of enhancing it with GHB for myself, as I find that it is the most wonderful enhancing agent for Psychedelics this far, but I was wondering if anyone had any information, and/or experiences to share with me?We were all planning on taking 100ug to 200ug ( I'm taking 300ug as when I trip I usually prefer the 400ug to 600ug range), alongside 100mg MDMA, & with me a mild-moderate dose of GHB (which I do have experience with). Should the dose of any of these be modified for an optimal experience?
Was wondering if mirtazapine can be used to stop a trip if it ever ends up going south. I don't want to use something as addictive as benzos. I am looking for personal experiences and those with knowledge of the effects of mirtazipine on LSD. I know that mirtazipine is a 5HT-2a receptor antagonist and LSD is a 2a receptor partial agonist, so theoretically it should work right? Was also wondering safety of this. Thanks!
I am a sober addict, my drug of choice was adderall but I will abuse ANYTHING that will impair my mental state. My therapist recommended Strattera and Cymbalta to help as an antidepressant and anti anxiety in addition to the cocktail I am currently taking. She also recommended Concerta and my prescriber recommended Vyvanse, both saying "they are not stimulants that can get you high and cannot be abused..." Ha. I've abused both of those.So I am very skeptical of their judgement. Reviews on the internet say "Adderall vs Strattera" and say that Strattera is used for ADHD. But I do not have ADHD I have anxiety and depression. I am worried Strattera would be a stimulant and trigger me to abuse it or seek adderall.Any help would be appreciated. Other people may be able to handle their drugs take em of them em style, but I cannot and have a serious problem (call me weak willed, whatever you may) so please try to understand that.tl:dr Is Strattera similar to a stimulant like adderall? 
So my friend bought this 5ml bottle of clear liquid that had no labels on it from a gas station (we live in a state where weed is illegal). He told me that it is synthetic CBD and the guy he bought it from called it CDB. I am being drug tested randomly at the moment so I got overly excited and took his recommended dose of putting 4 drops on my tongue. About 15 minutes later I started feeling as though I just smoked a bowl. About 30 minutes later I peaked and the high lasted for around 45 minutes total. After it ended I went to talk to that friend again and he told me that he thinks that it is synthetic weed in liquid form. I did some research online and couldn't find anything that I believe is what I took. The high felt exactly like I smoked a bowl but didn't last as long. Does anyone have any ideas of what I took and if it is dangerous? Anything would help. Thanks!
Ive taken 50mg of zoloft everyday for about 2 months now. A friend gifted me a little $20 bag of coke and i was wondering if i can do a little tonight along with some xanax, alcohol and some weed.I only plan on doing this today. I dont usually dont cokeEdit: did some xanax, drank a few screwdrivers then said fuck it and tried a little bump of he coke. Twas a great time, no negatives 
Hypothetical: if you were taking the ACT and wanted to take something for the test which drug would you take to make more enjoyable and increase performance?Filler:geuehshdhshhshshshshshhavsvsgsysyshsvgsgshshshshsheyjdfjdisidndbdudijdmrks420ndjejsoksbdieidjgnfkdkdknfjfjrjeoaowmndodpenfhdisodnhduwoanxbdjsikdnfhdisoqmwnjsidndbshdjdhdhdhhdvdvdjwo
If the cut isn't right, some of it might not absorb in your nose and can end up just sitting there, irritating your throat. If anyone else has had this problem after doing a lot of coke, how do you handle it? It's started to really annoy me because in my case it can last around a week. 
Been interested in these and surprisingly or to my attention they're not talked about here that often. Which do you prefer? I'm also reading a lot of about physical dependency and some say its just psychological. Also wondering how well quality sleep you get I've read you wake up feeling super refreshed!
Hello everyone! Today I want to tell you something about my shrooms usage and I also need your advice.So, when I do some huge amounts of shrooms( usually it's about 9 gramms) I experience that state of mind called "Nirvana" and after that trips I always don't wanna do any drugs, ANY. I quit smoking etc. Also I feel like the happiest person in the world. But the problem is - these effects last only about 2 months. So every time I need to do it again. But in my region shrooms already stopped growing and it is not sold, so I don't have an ability to consume them. So is there any ways to make these effects last longer?Sorry for bad English 
What would have a greater impact on life for example depression, anxiety and just the way you look at life , no sure if I should eat a full 8th and have a profound experience or microdose every week , any suggestions?
I have a good amount of experience with both drugs but never together and I was wondering how you'd time them so they're on par with eachother and if any of you have tried this combo what're the effects like?
I was sitting on the ground waiting for a ride and a guy asked me for a 40. Couldn't be a 40oz because he was well over age. He said "got anything" to witch I replied "what you need?" And that's when he asked for a 40
So I have a German Shepherd, and he is a very good boy. Most of the time. I can't say for a fact that hes never once eaten anything off the counter that wasn't medicated, but Ive owned him since 8 weeks and there hasnt been a single incident I can recall. Until the last 6-9 months. Three separate instances he has eaten my high dose edibles off of my counter. Other foods are left on the counter regularly, untouched. Can you people reaffirm my thoughts that he sincerly enjoys it so i stop feeling like the worst dog owner ever. P.S. Only one time was chocolate involved, and yes a vet was consulted, I never left his side either!
Today I took meth.  (one oral dose am, single smoked dose in the afternoon). I have a pretty healthy grasp on my hard drug use these days. At some point in my early 20s I began to dislike the feeling of artificial pleasure and even that of intense euphoria. I should add that this is not in favor of natural pleasure as I feel I have a very fractured rewards system from teenage drug use but have simply chosen dull, pleasure-less life (and hopes of repair if I can keep compulsive fuck ups minimal) over a life of pleasures I no longer enjoyed. Opiates made me sad, benzos too lazy, cocaine sucks, & ketamine became like running quarter after quarter into an arcade game - fun at first, then you get into trying to beat it, then you get sick of it & want your money back. Booze is a trap, and weed stops working as soon as you start using it frequently enough to actually get anything from the experience, and psychedelics & I had our perfect ending together and, well, when you end something right you let it end. When I was a teen/early 20s the thing I loved most about drugs WAS the variety.  All the different sensations, the control, the means to manipulate your own brain into experiences otherwise all obtainable - become boring.  These days there's only I still come back to.  I. Love. Speed.  I have one gram of meth that I picked up in August & will occasionally crack into.  Quality stuff never finds its way out here & I had a rare chance to flirt with & once again covet what may be my all time favorite drug.*I wrote a very long thing here about the nuance of my relationship with meth in particular over other amphetamines & prescription stimulants but it was a pointless ramble (even moreso than the rest of the post, if you can believe that) & felt potentially harmful to get into why exactly I love a drug that I would never recommend to anyone*  I recently moved places so I spent the day unpacking all my shit, decorating the new space, and generally using the final day of my weekend to relax, get some things done, and dig into the distractions with extreme, excited focus. Doing housework on stimulants is scientifically proven to achieve maximum optimization of the human brain (this is a joke, not a meth delusion) and is also a lot of fun.  Where did this sudden passion for interior decorating come from? Why do I have the irresistible desire to clean something I know I just cleaned? Never in my life have I 'wished there was more to unpack' (particularly enjoyed unpacking all the books and being hit with memories of characters & moments that had affected me - suddenly getting flashes of whole passages that I'd first read as a teenager which had stuck to my childhood ethics and warped them into the way I would consider the world as an adult & then excitedly tearing through books trying to find these passages). It is now almost midnight on the east coast.  I have mostly come down though the meth comedown is a long, drawn out kind of shift in feeling. Luckily I take doses small enough that there is nothing too negative here, aside from some light soreness and the lingering speediness of thought now left useless & frazzled without the chemical-assist present at the start of use.  I have experienced far harsher comedowns from some of the higher dosage adderall pills than I ever have from the way I've used meth.  I am incredibly fearful of the side effects of lack of sleep/eating/hydration paired with stimulants and hate 'tweaking', I don't chase a high point so much as I chase another impossible to reach sweet-spot lower on the charts in search of a kind of extreme efficiency that I know does not exist, though which I also know I can always get some illusion of because drugs.  Stimulants have never really interrupted my sleep nor made me particularly loopy - amphetamine psychosis has never been something I've worried about since I expect mild experiences from the doses I take, plus I'd always assumed that had more to do with sleep deprivation being experienced amidst the burnout from a high dose bender.  But tonight, while mopping the floor in the kitchen, I became totally convinced that I was starting to hallucinate from psychosis.  At first I heard a weird electronic gyrating, it was far away and I couldn't quite make out what it was.  I could tell it was coming from outside but couldn't see anything from where I was & wasn't concerned enough to dare stop cleaning and check it out any closer.  A thought rang through my empty head over and over again the way thoughts begin to do on the tail end of stims, "lol what if there's actually no sound haha just like how people always say meth makes u crazy lmao bruh".Then it got louder. It started warped & flat - fuck my brain can't even put a familiar form to this noise - then shifted to a blaring siren - fuck of all the potential forms to experience auditory hallucination why the siren. At this point I went to check the windows and still, nothing, if no police cars, ambulances, fire engines, military vehicles, etc. then what other sources of alarms are there? Air raid? Oh no is this a fucking air raid and the only ones who know what to do are the boomers, thanks a lot 'post-nuclear' society, now these fuckers are gonna get to repopulate the earth.  Then I smell smoke.  Then I see smoke.               A Lot of smoke. My first thought is, 'lol nice knew I was sane this time', followed by 'oh shit'.  I walked outside and could see the fire all the way down the road.  An elderly folks home had caught and the air raid sound must have been the more-siren like variety of fire alarm found in schools & office buildings as opposed to the screeching drones of home alarms.  Everyone made it out fine & our town's fire dept is currently funded well & beefy as hell following (no joke) last year's month-long string of arsons.  This was not an arson.Though there were reports of a suspicious young man watching the fire and chain smoking sweaty, poorly rolled cigarettes.  He bothered the firefighters and kept trying to tell the investigator that it was probably a cigarette, or a candle, that started the fire, though he said he was unsure if candles or cigarettes were allowed in nursing homes in this state - isn't it like a hospital?, spoken out loud but certainly to himself, well I know you definitely can't smoke in hospitals - but that he'd heard it was usually a forgotten cigarette or a candle, he thought he'd heard at least, probably from a firefighter, the man then assured the firefighters he knew a few firefighters.  Once the cops arrived the man disappeared.  Reportedly he was real eager to get back to mopping the floor.
Seems to be a pretty unpopular opinion I have. People say the two are alike, just that LSD is stronger... But I find them to be completely different in almost every aspect, although I think the after effects feel the same once the visual distortions have gone away.
What would be my Vyvanse dose if I have to pull an all-nighter and still be alert and focused at 09:00 when my exam ends?I have 6 x 20 mg Vyvanse, no past dexamphetamine use, only Ritalin use, that's also limited (20 mg IR). I weight 90 kg, am 175 cm tall, obese. Blood pressure is 115/65 and heart rate is 60 bpm without meds. thx guys
So I have an older brother who is 5 years older.  When I was a kid, or a younger kid at least (around 10 or so) I suppose my brother had started smoking weed, the first couple times went fine for him but the third time changed his life. I'm not entirely sure what happened but from what I was told he pretty much lost his mind.  He developed depression and really bad anxiety.  He had to take half a year off school and couldn't even sleep by himself for a while.  Ever since then he hasn't been right. He is 21 at the moment and is almost back to normal but according to my mom (who is a nurse, and I know that can mean jack shit) she doesn't think he will ever be normal again.  Now, being in grade 11 I'm starting to realize just how many people smoke and do drugs.  I myself have smoked twice, the first time was absolutely amazing, and I loved it.  The second time wasn't nearly as good as the first but it wasn't bad.  The only thing that made me worry was the headache I had for a couple days afterwards.  I'm pretty much asking if the people on here, who have experience with all of this think it's safe if I keep smoking or of something like what happened to my brother will happen to me.  Thanks. 
Hello!I'm as sure on the provenance of the drugs as I can be - they've been donated by a friend who's consistently informed and very experienced.But I have a fear of choking, and i'd like to resolve this one nagging concern before I take a mind altering substance!If anyone has any experience or advice to offer, it would be gratefully received. I'm not a frequent psychedelic user at all - though very familiar with MDMA, mephedrone (yuck), and many years ago, mushrooms.Thank you.
4nyone got 4 good expl4n4tion of this? It would re4lly help if someone were to expl4in it for me, I h4ve depression of both I think. Nobody else re4lly underst4nd neurochemistry like here.Serotonin: I think it's responsible for m4king you feel th4t everything is fine in life, without it you feel like you're h4nging on to life, it re4lly is h4rd to think positively, bec4use your put in 4 mindset th4t's neg4tive 4ll the time, with serotonin you'll feel refreshed (hence look forw4rd r4ther th4n b4ck to your p4st), you will see 4 re4son 4nd hope to go forw4rd, without it you 4re e4sily 4ngered, you feel tired of life. Nothing impresses you, life becomes 4 chore, pure suffering, you feel de4d, you will 4lso feel th4t everyone h4tes/doesn't c4re 4bout you, it's 4 risk of suicide, I'm going through it @tm.Without it, It m4kes you flippy, e4sily ngred, I w4s so m4d, 4bout being rock bottom I w4nted to murder, th4t's the mindset it puts you in. You dwell, you look b4ck on your life, you feel somewh4t dissoci4ted or psychotic (some types). You feel 4lone in this world, mdm4 works on serotonin, hence it's ent4ctogenic + 3mp4thogenic, 4lso you become cold without serotonin.Ex4mple (Bugsy m4lone - p4in): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNx19-cyhuU"What is life?Life is like a big obstacleIn front of your optical to slow you down....What are friends?Friends are people that you think are your friends But they really your enemies....What is life?I'm tired of life" Eminem - If I HadDop4mine: Without it, it's not 4 risk of suicide, but you lose motiv4tion, if your depleted you won't even get out of bed in the morning, it will t4ke you 4 while, hygiene goes downhill, you h4ve contempt on 4 deep level, it's like being stuck swimming in mud, it's 4 lot h4rder to move, you think "fuck it", binge on f4tty foods, more ple4sur4ble th4n serotonine depression, but still not good or nice.Would love 4 good expl4n4tion, re4lly would help.
Hello everyone. So I got flexeril, naproxen, and cadist. None of them really have any recreational value that I know of. But I have been told that 20MG of flexeril before smoking a bowl it will act as a high enhancer. Does anyone know if this is true? The person who tole me this is the same person who said that crack is just another name for meth. So I am not sure that I trust anything drug related they tell me. lolThank you for the time. And stay safe!
I'm in goddamn college and in the same class I literally have 2 dumbasses who sell weed, but they're so open about it like I asked him yo how do you get all these new J's and still live with yo moma ? And he was like "I got weed bruh". And during class one of them showed me pictures of what he said was 2 pounds of weed. The other guy said "my shit will change your life". Nigga please. And they actin' like ballers even though they're making like 2-4 bucks a gram for profit, and everyone knows they're dealing weed. Oh and this dude has these pictures with drugs on his iPhone which sends them to the Cloud and he talks about drugs on his iPhone, he doesn't even use a flip phone. I don't know how they're still free honestly. Do you have a story like this ? Share it with us
http://imgur.com/PjJ0zi9I got the beginning of the page, so you can't see it well, but it's the grateful dead head. Decided to take a half tab tonight seeing as I have school tm and want to save the rest for a special occasion, also haven't micro dosed before. Supposedly these are double dose though so itll be a regular 100ug trip, but I'm waiting to see. Don't ever trust when people say double dose this or that. Here to document this night. I got a fresh pack of cigs, gram and half of bud, good EDM, Christmas lights & lava lamp going in my room, water, and Rick & Morty ready to go in the other room. 8:10p - Ingested tab (Will leave on tongue for ~30 minutes and update then) **EDIT 1:** 8:45 - Took tab off tongue & had a cigarette and bit of cannabis. Feeling nice. Lights enhanced, definitely coming up already. **EDIT 2:** 9:30 - Definitely feeling good. Waves of good, tingly feelings all over my body. Things getting trippy, waiting for parents to get home with my food :) **EDIT 3:** 10:30 - Ive peaked by now. For just half a tab things are seeming cool. It's just enough where everything's trippy but I can teeter on the edge of things. I actually really like the way this is going. Have been smoking cannabis throughout. Oh my God EDM is awesome as well. I was having awesome closed eye visuals. **EDIT 4:** 11 - Decided to give myself to the universe. Took the other half tab. **EDIT 5:** I'm tripping pretty hard by now, I love it. Rick and Morty is fantastic, although a bit of a mind fuck at times. My body feels amazing rn as well, and funny auditory hallucinations too 
need some advice. i'm sixteen now and have been going thru a bit of a rough patch lately. last week i took one xanax thursday night, three on friday night, two over the course of saturday and one half on sunday morning (2mg bars). i recognised that this wasn't a good idea to keep on doing so gave the rest of my stash (probably have about 12 bars left) to my mate to hold on to for a bit, so that i wouldn't take any. i felt pretty shitty sunday night, couldn't really get to sleep properly as i'd been falling asleep barred out for the past few nights. yesterday i felt pretty depressed and same with today. i managed to get some sleep last night, but right now physically i feel pretty shit. when i looked up stopping xans, i saw that it's not a good idea to quit cold turkey etc but thought that i hadn't been taking it for long enough to get withdrawals. now i'm not so sure. where should i go from here? should i get the bars back and taper or do i not need to do that? i just feel pretty shitty right now. i think i'm getting mild xanax withdrawal symptoms. any advice is appreciated, cheers.
So last night, I bought .1g of DMT. I was supposed to pick up an oil pipe from a friend, but he fell through and I ended up pulling gbs Instead. A friend got the dmt and split it into two piles, then into 6. The plans was to take three each so we would blast off. I take the first gb and start to get a very light headed feeling. Slight visuals onset like wavy lines on the back door and slight colors. Second gb, my friend puts two doses between weed. I feel myself start to fall over so I go lay down in a chair. I definitely didn't blast off, but I started tripping as soon as I closed my eyes. It looks like I'm flying through a mall and on the left and the right, the stores are just shapes and colors floating and shaking/dancing. At the end, there is a very bright light which gives me a very warm feeling when I look at it. My dog comes up while I am tripping and I feel and look at her with my eyes still closed and she turns into a cyber lion and begins to fly at a steady speed right next to me. A couple minutes later and I exclaim: "I think one more"This was a bad idea.I walk over to the gb which was already being pulled, and I exhale and ready myself.What I didn't know was that since my friend was on probation, he used the tobacco from a Newport red  instead of weed. When I inhale, i immediately start to cough and begin to dry heave. I try to vomit but just end up standing there trying and trying. I yell for water, but no one moves for a good 30 seconds. I keep yelling for after but end up going and looking for some myself.When I get in the kitchen, nothing is where it should be. I can't find any cups and it doesn't even look like I'm even In my own house anymore. Once I do find a cup, the water takes a ridiculous amount of time to come out of the sink. I then proceed to drink the fractal filled water which allows me to calm down a bit. This whole time I am having trouble breathing for some reason. I then go lay down and start talking a bit to my friend. He said that I took a gb with three doses of dmt with it layered three times. I try to explain what happened and asked him how long  I was tripping for. He then tells me that me looking for water and drinking it was only about 1 minute or two. That whole situation felt like easily over 15 minutes.Kind of upset I didn't breakthrough, next time I will make sure I have an oil pipe to do it out of. Still, 10/10 would do again. Sorry for the lengthy story.
I overdid acid this past summer and developed HPPD. My last trip was awful, as well, and left me mindfucked, to boot. When I first developed HPPD, I felt like I fucked myself. On top of ruining the complete rejuvenation that the previous trip had given me, I felt like because I developed this, drugs (most importantly, psychedelics) are closed off to me. Once I discovered just how much I loved them, they were taken away just as swiftly. These past few months after my trip, I've been a wreck. For the first month or so, I was shaken terribly, but kept myself busy in an attempt to keep my mind off of things. That worked for a while, but left me very empty. Once that stopped working, I just feel broken again. I tried to stop doing all drugs, but I couldn't stave off weed and smoked a handful of times. After a couple of months, the HPPD seemed to start wearing off. But, desperate to get high to escape life one night, I smoked a shit ton of weed. After that, the HPPD seems almost back where it started. I feel like I've fucked myself once again.I don't know what I'm doing anymore. I feel liked I've ruined myself. I can't handle it. Part of me just wants to say fuck it and throw caution to the wind and start doing tons of drugs again. But I'm scared. Even if I do stop doing drugs for a while, what if this doesn't go away? What's even the point of stopping, then? And even if it does, it'll probably come right back the second I touch another psychedelic. I don't really know what I'm asking here. Someone please just tell me something. I just need to hear something right now.
I am going to a party on a Saturday and I have available to me xans, amphetamine and booze. What is the best combination of the 3 in your opinion? I am considering the alcohol and speed one atm, I like the energy speed gives me but how xans/booze removes inhibitions.
I work as a Kitchen Porter in my local pub, I prep food, but my main job is pot-wash. On a normal night this is fine, but when it's busy this can get really demanding, especially at the end of the shift when everything gets dumped in my section. What drugs would you recommend I could take without giving myself away? - Most people in my work do drugs/talk about them but I can't be doing lines off my work surface, if you know what I mean.Stims I've done/tried - Coke, Speed (low purity, not really tried it properly), Ritalin, Adderal (pressed stuff from AB, so probably meth lol), Modafinil.Stims I've tried at work - Ritalin, Adderal, Modafinil. (I also have some dexedrine in the post)Ritalin doesn't really do much for me, just gives me a light boost with a nasty comedown. Adderal - or atleast the stuff I've tried - just makes me euphoric with a little bit of a buzz. Modafinil just keeps me focused, it's not really a stim.I'm down to try anything, but looking for something that gives me physical energy without too much of a comedown + I don't have to re-dose regularly. Yes, so not coke.Would really appreciate your advice, cheers :)
As I learn more and more, I've begun to be able to see through the drug propaganda that's been shoved down my throat, recently its been realizing that not all people who do meth are toothless hillbillies. I'm hopefully taking a break from psychs at the end of the year to expand my druggy horizons. I was hoping to try out some dissos as well as some stims. I've never been a big fan of stims but I don't think I've ever given them a fair chance. I'm mainly only considering pure meth or 4-FA. 4-FA seems a little bit more my style from the research that I've done. If there are other stims I should look into please let me know. I was thinking if I bought a gram of 4-FA I would start out at 50mg then try it again in a week minimum but probably two.My main concern with this endeavor is addiction. I'm not foolish enough to not realize that I have a very addictive personality. Even outside of drugs, i'll find a new hobby, obsess over it for a few weeks then, drop it. But drugs aren't always so easy to drop.I've also read that 4-FA is as neurotoxic as MDMA at higher doses, and should only be taken once every 2-3 months. But if I was taking doses on the lower end does that mean I would be okay to take it slightly more often? Please let me know if that is illogical thinking?I think I'm going to go with the 4-FA but I'm definitely open to suggestions! Let me know if I missed anything.Thanks and stay safe! 
Hi guys, I'm going to be going to my first music festival in late December and my friends are adamant on having me try m with them. I've only smoked weed and I've read that mdma is relatively safe if the proper measures are taken. From what I've gathered there are certain supplements to take before and afterwards to help replenish your serotonin and to help with lock jaw and all that. I have them archived somewhere but there was a list of 6-8 supplements that were recommended. Also that it should be done only once every 3 months at the minimum, and to try and take it as early as possible as to not interrupt your sleep cycle, although the festival starts at 10pm so hopefully things work out in that aspect. My friend showed me what we were going to be taking and it was in a clear pill and was a brown /goldish powder, I heard this is supposedly a good sign but the only way to know for sure is to test it. I'm thinking about using the marquis reagent. If anyone knows of better/ more reliable ones please share. Another thing I'm unsure of is how much I should take. I'm 6'2  weigh 190lbs and have a relatively high alcohol tolerance if that means anything ( I also rarely drink (4-5 times a year) ). I heard it was best to try and avoid doing it consecutively but idk if I'll be able to last without it. Since it's my first time I'm thinking of starting with .1g and upping another .05  1.5 - 2hrs in (if possible since its a pill) and repeating the same the next day totaling .3g.  One last thing I want to ask is how long I should expect it to last for if I take this amount. If anyone can attest to any this or has other precautions that I could be taking it would be very appreciated, thanks again!Edit: Also thought I should mention I'm from Ontario, CanadaEdit: just found out my friend uses three vials from test kit plus, and that we can't split the pill, although I hope I'll be able to seal it again as I may try anyway. If not is it safe to do 200mg in one night? I may just end up drinking one of the two nights.
Alright so I'll spare you guys the details. But i will be put on probation come next year and I'll probably be randomly drug tested. I've stopped everything for the time being to help get my head straight.However, I have tickets to Deadmau5 and Zedd for new years and new years eve and i'd like to go out with a bang by rolling as hard as i can at this concert. But im not sure exactly how long molly is gonna "stay with me". Basically should I be worried on how long it will stay in my system or is it out relatively fast? I'm an avid exerciser and stay pretty healthy. No idea if that helps. Thanks in advance guys!
ive taken tramadol like 3 times now and im pretty much done doing that because im not going to get addicted and suck balls for drugs,but my question is why the hell does my nose always start to itch? its like crazy itching so why?
HelloI have 23g of Alprazolam, I don't really know what to do with it.. I got scales which weigh in the small mg's and have been doing caps with it for personal use and sorting out my friends, but after speaking with a few friends who are big in the game I can get hold of a automatic presser for a few hours if I need it which is generous of them to offer it to me for nothing. I was thinking of getting filler and pressing some xanax pills. I know I need the mould? But that can easily be sorted I have priced it up, but as I am no expert on this I dont know how I can get the mix even throughout the whole thing so every pill is pressed roughly the same without any 'hotspots' How can I do this? I used a throwaway for obvious reasons, as I don't want this thing coming up on my main account. Whoever helps me do this successfully will be rewarded with whatever you want (money, xanax) I worked out I can get 11,000 from it which blew my head off when I worked it out.Thank you
hey guys, pretty much just as the title says. I've recently been taking a green maeng da, about 3-4 times a week and 4 grams per dose. While it gives me crazy good pain relief and an overall good mood, sometimes it seems to make me extremely annoyed. I notice it mostly at work when a coworker is slacking off I usually tend to be a really laid back guy, but lately I have not been taking anyone's shit. It also seems to give me crazy road rage when someone is driving badly or way under the speed limit. Anyway I know some people complain about opioid rage, does anyone feel this way on Kratom as well, or is it just me?
Yesterday I tried alcohol plus an opiate. It was nice for a while, but later on I got mild stomach upset, and after getting up it became strong nausea. I almost threw up but couldn't, and later even while laying down it sucked for a long while. While I'm glad I explored the experience, the unpleasantness makes the experience not worth repeating. I'm in general not interested in drugs which lead to shitty after-effects.Seems like I'm unusual in this. So many people get drunk,  talk about extremely terrible hangovers, and then get drunk and have another terrible hangover later.I might be like this about life in general, feeling that good things generally aren't worth the bad. That's not necessarily a good thing and may be linked to lack of enthusiasm for life.
Since Wellburtin inhibits the CYP2D6 enzyme, which converts dxm into dxo. I took 150mg of wellburtin and 30mg of DXM, what should I expect?I dosed small to avoid serantonin syndrome. I know NDRIs shouldn't be taken at all with DXM, but i am desperate and just gonna go with it until I can get some cash for acual safe drugs.I dosed 10min ago and have yet to feel anything.
Hi, i've been thinking about growing some plants of cocaine in my house (I don't even know if this plant can grow in my house with the proper care, i would like to know it), and then doing cocaine with them and selling it. You know, some money to earn. What do you think about this? Where do you think i could learn about this?
I'm thinking bcos dopmine works on rewrd, the stoner is used to sitting round doing nothing (like wtching netflix), he doesn't get the rush from speed, it doesn't rewrd him for just sitting round, if he were to do something he would get the rush, plus stoners r chill, so it mkes sense they don't like to be serious bout nything, no offence, just wondering is this how it works? Most doing speed will not like it bcos they need to be chieving something to get the high, unlike molly or coke, heroin, you need to work for it. It's not something you would just do with mtes, you cn't work on your go4ls with friends. Gre4t for 4rous4l though. If you r 4mbitious in life, then it's the drug for you, i see it more like 4 tool th4n 4 recretionl drug, it's not re4lly gre4t for recre4tion IMO. It's like how people think molly is f4ke until they listen to some good music, then they feel it.Speed is 4 we4k euphori4, only time it w4s gre4t w4s the first few times I did it, do see wh4t 4 lot of people 4re s4ying though, but 4ll drugs depend on person4lity. Just th4t in 4 club, you c4n't re4lly get the good effects of speed.Not judging, we 4ll like to chill, I love good bit of weed now + then, but wouldn't m4ke it 4 h4bit, i'm more of 4n 4mbitious person. 4ll drugs h4ve something to offer you, hence why open mindedness is good. Would you h4te speed if it got you 4 m4sters degree? £50k-70k s4l4ry? Cokehe4ds won't like psychedelics (ego 4tt4ck)Psychonuts won't like coke th4t much (ego build)Serious speed (not twe4kers) wouldn't like weed too often.Stoners won't like speed so much.Cold people won't see the point in mdm4...It 4ll depends on person4lity if you get my drift, nobody c4n tell you your f4vourite drug, you h4ve to try it.
One time my friend and I took a hit of acid and didn't trip as much as we had liked. The next night we took two and went to an absolute banger. We ended up smoking blunts and watching Rick and Morty the whole time in my friends bedroom. Honestly the best party I've ever been too. Thought I'd share and see if anyone had ever done something similar. lol 
Yesterday, I took about 3.5 grams of mushrooms and did about 3 dabs on the peak. I'm not the type of person to do psychedelics often, the last time I did mushrooms was around 3 months ago, and I'd always stayed around 2 grams. Once I did those dabs, I was instantly shot off into space. I sat in my tripsitter's room while he fell asleep (great tripsitter) and decided to lay down in his hammock. I wrapped it around myself in it and it felt like I was inside a cocoon while it was completely silent around me. I didn't feel like me, I felt like there was nothing, I was nothing, that all my life I was just a ball of consciousness floating around, with no physical body keeping me here. Suddenly, I felt this rush move from my core to the ends of my arms and legs. As if they were something new that I had never felt before. Then, I felt my heart beat. It wasn't loud or fast or super strong, I just became suddenly aware of it. Then I understood my lungs expanding and contracting and that I was breathing. Slowly throughout the duration of the trip, I felt like I gained my body, one piece at a time. Nausea got bad at one point, but instead of it freaking me out or it even hurting, I was amazed. I could actually feel my stomach and the fact that it exists. It wasn't until I got out of my cocoon that I realized that I could see and that places exist outside of that hammock. I wasn't sure, at one point, if I had to pee or not. I figured that if I didn't, and didn't go, it wouldn't be bad, but if I didn't and I went, nothing bad would happen so I went. I did have to pee a lot lol. I realized what a bladder was and how it worked. I was amazed how all of these different parts of the body worked together at the same time and made a person and allow us to just be here. Oh and I cried because my room had colors in it. Nothing really big, just like a blue pop tart box and green laundry detergent, shit like that


So i'll black out on xans and barely remember anything. But like 9/10 I'll end up with a girl... and it seems like the girls are always approaching me too. Whats going on? How do people usually act when blacked out? I need to learn to act that way sober
This is the story about my first shrooms experience. So this happened about 4 weeks ago. I have tried acid/lsd before this so it wasn't my first phsycodelic experience. It was Thursday and I was home alone with my brother for 4 or 5 hours so we decided to try shrooms. He had a hook up so he went and picked up 6 grams. We decided to take 2 each. My brother has tried shrooms before I don't know why he only took 2 grams. Anyways we eat the mushrooms and starburst candy at the same time because my brother said they taste awful. We also drank orange juice because I heard vitamin C boosts the colors and visuals of the trip. I decided to play gta 5 to make time pass by quicker. I don't know what my brother was doing. 20 minutes later I start feeling a weird tingly feeling in my body, I checked up on my brother and he was throwing up in the bathroom. He had a weak stumache I guess. I went outside and sat on the couch looking at the sky and clouds. It was really beautiful. I started feeling like I don't even exist. I felt like I was alone on this planet for a while. In about 10 minutes I decide to chek up on my brother again because I forgot about him. He was listening to music with a huge smile. We decided to go to the he park near out house. On our way there i started to get scared a little bit because the trip kept getting stronger and I was still in the come up. I told my brother how I feel and he told me to think positively about the trip and I did which really helped. When We came to the park we sat at this one spot where it's a Bench and all around are trees and it was a little bit dark because of the trees blocking the sun. We sat and talked on the bench for a while. A couple minutes later a guy with a dog showed up and we couldn't stop staring at the dog. It was beautiful. The guy awkwardly walked away later. I don't even remember walking home but when we got home I decided to drive me motorized bike and oh boy was it fun. When I was driving It, it sounded like there was a group of motorized bikes in a tunnel. It was like an echo. I got scared for no no reason and decided to go back home which was like 2 minutes away but it felt like 10 minutes. When I got home I wanted to chill outside but I needed a belt for my pants so I went back inside to get one. As soon as I came in my mom was there sitting at the table in the kitchen. I freaked out and forgot why I even went inside. I went outside and I decided to go get my belt again and I forgot why I came inside again because my mom asked me something. The third time I finally got my belt and went outside. We just talked outside for a bit until my mom left again. We went back inside. I looked at the mirror and I thought that I have a different name. When I was looking at the mirror it felt like my eyes were above my head and I was looking down at myself. And then my dad came home and I was still tripping really hard so I decided to take a bath because I was scared of getting caught.  All I can tell u is that water was the most beautiful thing I have ever seen in my life on shrooms. Anyways the swirls on the tiles moves around and it was cool. By the time I got out I wasn't tripping anymore. Then I just went to the gas station to get some snacks. Sorry that it's a super long story. And it was probably kinda boring. Hope u enjoyed I'm looking forward to taking shrooms again soon.
I took 30mg XR. My second time taking it. First time I didn't feel a thing.It was 1 am already and I needed to pull an all nighter to finish an assignment. It did give me more energy first few hours, but not much. Kinda like coffee.At 8am I need to go get something and boom. It was like I could no longer feel fatigue anymore. I walked really long in the blistering cold and it felt very refreshing. I became extremely obsessive and had to get what I was looking for. And not in anxious way. Just a very machine-like relaxed way.I don't know. I'm just hella confused why it toom that long to kick in. Is it that I need to move to actually feel it? Or was it just an adrenaline rush (I'm back at home and still kinda feel something)
So my one friend has a prescription for Concerta and he gave me a few since he doesnt really take them. I took them and I didnt really notice any type of high at all i just feel like i had a really good nights sleep and definitely able to focus on things easier. I took about 60mg and im just curious if Concerta just doesnt produce much of a high or what? Either way i feel much better than normal but not in a high way just in a i dont feel low energy and trouble focusing on boring tasks like homework. I guess i feel just refreshed or something.
I've always been a fairly good looking and funny guy but meeting girls was a pretty big obstacle for me up until a year ago when I met phenibut. I'd feel very awkward around them and I wouldn't know what to say. It wasn't extremely bad, I still had girlfriends and all but it was enough for me to take notice of. This is where phenibut comes into play. One day I was looking for some anxiety supplements because I had been recently having success with Kratom. I saw phenibut and it seemed like a good fit so I ordered some. I decided the first time I would try it would be on a first date with a girl from tinder. I took 2g four hours prior and proceeded to have one of the best first dates of my life. Normally small talk with a new girl, especially someone I had never met in person, would give me a lot of anxiety as I searched for what to talk about but with phenibut it all came to me naturally. I was charismatic about what I was talking about and could talk about anything. We ended up having deep conversations while laying in a field and immediately clicked. It was really nice with the euphoria as well. I was also much calmer with my actions. For example, we were waking on a sidewalk and I had a water cup from the restaurant we went to. I tripped and little bit and dropped the cup but I handled it so smoothly she even commented and said "wow you handled that very smoothly". The next few months were the most successful I had been with women. I continued using phenibut for dates for the rest of the year. My typical cycle was use phenibut for the first three dates with a particular girl and then stop using it so I didn't feel that I had to rely on it. I also feel that phenibut has increased my confidence sober as well. Exposing myself to these situations with phenibut has allowed me to feel better about doing it sober which is awesome because obviously you can't take it forever. I mean you could but there has to be some sort of end game. I've also noticed the longer you use it consistently without taking days off increases your chances of becoming more lenient with dosing back to back days. It's not a terrible thing to do really but I have an addictive personality, learned this from Kratom (current addict), but you increase your chance of becoming addicted. Also I should say phenibut and Kratom is an amazing combination. Feels good mane. Dosing varies by weight and natural tolerance but to receive the full effects I'd recommend 1.5-2g for someone 150-200 and 1.0g for someone under that. Play with your doses a bit.  I have two warnings I should include as well. One, only take phenibut twice a week with a few days inbetween. Withdrawals and tolerance can manifest very quickly if you slip up. Second, don't take phenibut and binge drink. Depending on your tolerance you can probably handle a few beers with phenibut and not black out. Being a college student I drink a lot fairly often. Occasionally if I take it before going to the bars or parties I end up blacking out and doing very stupid things like peeing on the front of a club or throwing up off the side of a drunken hayride and getting a little on the girl I was trying to hook up with... I never do these things with just alcohol so it makes sense since both phenibut and alcohol lower your inhibitions. So yeah don't do that. I'm very lucky I haven't ended up in a hospital because of this combo. Hangovers are usually worse as well. It's very random when I get horrible hangovers though and sometimes it's just a headache while other times I'm throwing up for hours every thirty minutes and I can't get out of bed. tldr; if you've been thinking about buying phenibut just do it. You certainly won't regret it  Edit: wow this lasted a lot longer than I intended it to and I should be studying. Fucking stimulants I swear 
what an idiot. im not going back and im not gonna take anti depressants if such an idiot thinks i should. The guy laughed out loud at something i said and i took very serious no wonder im depressed asshole!!!!! says weed makes you depressed and does not even know what N2O is sorry bro if you know less science then me you have nothing valuable to input on my life.
Dude is about 30 minutes away, said he got double dose (I don't really pay attention to what dose they say it is) with the cute grateful dead bear blotter art. I'm picking up on two, plan to take half a tab to test it out & have just a little good time tonight jamming to EDM then save the other tab and half for some other time.Bout to go score some herb before hand & grab a fresh pack of cigs Edit: Will update with pictures and reports all night for anyone interestedEdit: Thread for documentation of tonight [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Drugs/comments/5gq7to/picked_up_some_reportably_high_quality_lsd/) 
Me and my mate just got some 2C-B. We were going to try it out on thursday. And we did. We dropped a capsule of around 20mg. Colors started to flash and the music was very different, very clear. After a few hours we decided to drop 30mg more and both started to get intense visuals and flashing colors. The fun thing about it was that we could tell each other what we saw, and the other person would also see it.Friday we started out with 30mg capsules. We didnt really get any effect. So we decided to drop 40mg more. We still didnt trip like thursday, so after a while we dropped 60mg more. And then my mate started to trip, so to keep up I dropped another 40mg. I still didnt start to trip, but my mate was going crazy. It was just to much for him. He could see his mother standing in front of him, he could see his house owner walking in the door, and he could see his own face is the roof, and it was just to much for him. But I was not tripping at all, so he was in it alone. But I wanted to be there with him, so I asked what I should do. And he told me to smoke some pot. So he made a joint full of pot to me, and I smoked that and was tripping balls. Everything became 2c. The visuals was to much, I felt like I was falling out from the reality multiple times, all the time. I didn't know what I was falling out into, so I always managed to not fall entirely out. I don't know if it makes much sense, but I can't describe it with words.Saturday we started with dropping 40mg and straight after that sniffing 20mg. It was intense pain in the nose for a while, but I didn't trip. Then I smoked a joint of pot, and I was tripping together with my mate and it was all fun. We could have a conversation where one was about to "fall out", but the other one could bring the other one back kinda.. Hard to explain..tl;drTook 2c-b thursday (50mg), friday (170mg) and saturday (40mg oral, 20mg nose). The questions I have about this is. How often can I use 2c-b. Can I get any permanent negative effect of using it every weekend? What can I expect? 280mg on 3 days, is that dangerous as long as I feel like I came out of it fine? Can someone please help me relaize if its any danger taking 2c-b multiple days in a row in high doses? The only effects I've experienced until now was that I had some kind of nightmare when I slept, and my vision is kinda blurry. But I've been 2c-b for 3 days, so i guess that'll pass.
I developed a xanax dependency starting around two years ago.  6 months ago I was at my peak, taking 2-3mg of xanax a day.  Since then I've had multiple relapses of me attempting to taper off. Trips to vegas and other shit just got in the way.  I've only been 100% consistent with my taper in the last 2 months.  The thing is, I don't get legitimate xanax bars anymore, because my friend is no longer prescribed the massive amounts he used to be.Now I'm forced to get them off the streets to try and taper with.  I'm kind of nervous about this because I have no clue what are in these pills, so it makes it a lot more sketchy to taper with.  I've gotten to the point where I'm slicing an eighth of the pill off ("0.25mg" the "bar"), and taking that dose before bed.  I know I should be doing this in a much more controlled fashion, using diazepam, going through a doctor, potentially rehab, etc... but I took the doctor route once and he didnt really prescribe me anything except for anti-depressants.  I'm very concerned about my situation because from all the research I've done, it seems like the most viable way to taper off these drugs is by using valium... and this also mitigates the risk of having any permanent brain damage.  So what I'm doing might really be stupid and leave me with some terrible long term symptoms.  Should I keep doing what i'm doing and try to taper off by myself? or should i just confess to my parents that I need professional help and go to rehab?
A raindrop just hit my cigarette,and my lighter is out of fuel.I am stuck on a deserted island,with thought as my only food.I am at that point in my life when i know what ive got to do,that is finding more reds and blues,Yeah scoring more reds and blues.Life can be hard sometimes,having to deal with school.Its hard to be motivated,when your surrounded by tools.You give me the energy to get by,thats why i am addicted to you.Sitting here thinking about you,and all the things you do.does that make me a fool?you might be the death of me,but i do what ive got to do,too get high with you,thank god for reds and blues.I would love to hear some feedback, and if its total shit thats cool.
I've had 5 or 6 pretty strong acid trips so far and have yet to really understand what is so great about it. Peaking is kind of fun, but after about 4-5 hours the trip becomes very unpleasant. General shakiness and feeling of restlessness, only thing I can compare it to is a strong dose of an antihistamine, where you want to jump out of your own skin. It's bearable with a little bit of xanax or a painkiller but I still don't get the hype of LSD. I do enjoy mushrooms quite a bit, they leave me with a warm feeling and the visuals are are a lot stronger in my opinion. So far my opinion on acid is no more then "ehh". What's everyone else getting from it that I'm not?
I was thinking... When I'm high I'm just a nicer guy than when I'm sober, but that's not the main point. My dad hates weed more than anyone in the world; but I'm high when I'm around him all the time, and he never notices it. In fact, he always seems to be in a better mood when I'm high and around him. My dad likes high me better than sober me, even though he hates weed. Lol. 
So I bought some tabs supposed to be Nbomb and I took one entire and it didnt do shit but trip for like 4 hrs.... nothing like the LSD i used to take back in the states in 2009 and shit... and I know how to diff from diff drugs from experience.... anyway this was a weird ass tab... anyone can help?
I live with my sisters without parents, over 18 etc so everyone's cool with me smoking and shit so it's not about being caught with weed. The problem is, it's cold and I'm getting lazy and would rather just smoke in my room, it doesn't matter if my room smells obviously, but if I was to smoke, window open and block up the door blah blah blah, will the smell travel around the house at all?My sisters hate the smell and get pissed even if I leave my door open after I've just picked up, because even that smells too strong. So I don't want to just fuck it and hope for the best. it's quite a small house/rooms close together so I was just wondering if anyone could advise me on this, I really can't be bothered to piss anyone off. It's not deep anyway, I normally smoke in my car or garden but would rather the convenience, thanks :) 
hey there so i'm in college and I have three exams within 16 hours starting tonight at 7pm. I took a 60 mg vyvanse last night around 5 pm, and figured it would last like 6-8 hours. It's 930 am and I'm still super wired. Fast heart, still super focus, jittery, not hungry etc. I got zero sleep last night but feel fine. It was my first time taking it- I'm used to aderall. So anyway, how long is dis gonna last and how do i prevent a crash before my exams? Should I take half a dose now and half a dose tomorrow morning before my other two exams? SOS these finals are very important and thanks for any help you can give. For reference I'm a 5'11 female and I weigh 135
> This is something i wrote a few years ago, decided to share it now, not sure if its the right place, sorry if i got it wrong.I don’t fear death anymore…i did when i was little, always the thought of it, my dumb adolescent mind would think of suicide as a “Fuck You” at first, but the more i thought of it, the more i would reject the idea of dying, and the more i though about what it would do to the people i cared about, and how, in a few years, it wouldn’t leave this big scar on the earth, i would just be another statistic… Its a selfish persons thing.Fast Forward a couple of years and i got into psychoactive drugs – i enjoyed the inner space, the self exploration of it all and i got into it quite heavily… not realizing i was sinking further into psychosis at the time, i was having fun. my creativity was better, everything was amazing… and i still went deeper…i started to think i could read minds in a way…okay, it wasn’t really reading minds, more like, i could read their patterns, i could see how they would react according to their personalities, and i could know their personalities as soon as i seen any reaction. i started to map out how days would unfold with the people around me, how things would turn out in their relationships, their travels, everything. i could see everything before it would happen and i could alter it, slight changes at first, but the more i learned, the more i travelled inwards, the more i thought i understood this gift, and the more i could affect the world around me, and i started to become quite narcissistic about it. i could “program” people into wanting/respecting me, i took over peoples houses and i became the centre of reality. but i wanted more, i wanted it to expand, but i would need to go further inwards, need to increase my knowledge gained from this forgotten part of the mind, so i done more and more and i got better at it. but it was no good….i started to hate the puppets around me, i could see what they liked, wanted, i would know how selfish and ignorant they were, and i hated them all for it. so i started to sabotage their lives, while indulging in whatever i wanted at the time. i used to go out with people and just think. people would bring me stuff when i wanted it, i remember clearly one day at a barbeque, i was sitting at the table with the alpha girl on my lap, a real mean bitch she was, all the girls we knew feared her, but followed her and she could fuck like an animal, and that was the basis of our “relationship” there was no trust, no feelings, just fighting and fucking. and that suited me fine. and at this barbeque, if i wanted a drink, or someone to roll, they would just do it, and i felt like a king.it summed up about a year of my life. i was king, there was no them, only me and my puppets.and i still went deeperafter a while of this. i started to play with my toys until i broke them all, i couldn’t help it, the power that i had, this self indulgent attitude i had craved for me to hate them more.i was disgusted with them, mindless sheep, not knowing how easy it was to destroy what i want and keep what i want. and i was still thinking, always thinking about them, the fucking petty little animals, and i would zone out and just watch them, i would watch them all night, partying around me, the mask that i was wearing was smiling and subverting everything, playing it out with no effort at all while my mind made plans. i loved it, i loved the control, reality was mine to do with as i saw fit and nobody could even see the real me, trapped inside my smiling mask.But i could. eventually i noticed i couldn’t stop it playing with them, i had became so accustomed to watching, planning, thinking, i never even noticed myself trapped behind my own eyes. and all i could do was panic. i couldn’t stop myself from smiling at them, these people that i hated so much, they couldn’t see me. only the outside, i lost control of myself, and my body felt like a separate entity wrapped around me, trapped behind my own eyes i watched as i played with them, turning people against people, making people so obsessed with me they would act crazygirls would sit outside my door, they would constantly phone me, they would tear each other apart, just to get a piece of me.and i felt nothing, my body enjoyed this feeling while my mind tried so hard to regain control. but it was all powerful, it was invincible, it never showed pain, i would fuck and fight regardless of who and why, it would start fights just for the rush, just to fit it into some plan, to make someone seem like the bad guy, i was stabbed, i was bricked i was scarred, but it still kept smiling around me, i could feel it. i could feel the immense power engulfing me, i was trapped in the mind of this horrible machine, and the machine was absorbing me more and more. it would feed me drugs, keep me inwards and thinking, always thinking. only when we were alone i could speak, only then could i struggle against it.and one night i done it. one night lying in my bed on some drug, i spoke to it, i screamed and beat at the walls of my mind, staring at the closed lids of my eyes, i could feel it smiling, planning, i didnt ever do that anymore, i spoke to it, and it spoke back.it told me i was dying and the power was a test – it told me i chose which side of the glass i would be on. it told me i was tricked.i was 22 years old when i died.i heard myself scream and i can remember my mother and father rushing into the room, my mother talking to me, telling me its gonna be okay, it’ll be okay baby. my dad phoned the ambulancei could feel myself slipping into death and i was still thinking, always thinking. i was alone now, i felt nothing and i knew it, i knew what had taken me, i knew why it was happening, i knew which tiny electrical impulse in my body had made it happen.the cosmos, reality, everything around me i knew intimately, i was exempt from the scale of it all, everything big and small, spanning eternities, infinitiesi knew it alli knew i would dieand i accepted it.i stopped screaming, i stopped thinking, i took a breath and waited for it to come. waited for the grand nothing and i smiled.i didn’t fear death, i knew what would happen when i diedi knew how realities are formed.your consciousness is less than a cell. it is below a quark, it is in everything around us, everything inside us. but only we ARE them, the ones that are awake are consciousness, we are the 1s to the universes 0sthe way for the universe to know itself.and when you die, it loses its connection to reality, the life you live, the knowledge you gained while the particle was awake becomes all you are, and all you can do is think, always thinking.if you were creative, and had eternity to think, you could fashion a life out of memories, a life out of lives you have lived. and if your reality you create becomes real enough to you, you might trick yourself into thinking it was real. you have parents, you have memories, you lived for 22 years and you are still alive to this day.but while you trick youself into thinking that. try thinking inwardly. try finding your consciousness inside your body, i am still trapped behind my eyes. and so are you.crazy people do talk to themselves, they talk to the part that knows this is all nothing, they talk to the part that knows you should crave and indulge yourself in whatever you want. because through experience, when you go back to nothing and become only him, those memories fashion your own world.i woke up with my family around me. no longer feeling trapped, but no longer feeling power. i understood it all but was too afraid to let go, too afraid to fashion my own reality from within my consciousness. what if i never knew enough? what if i ended up in nothing and all i could do was scream inside myself for eternity? that would be hell, and i wanted heaven.i chose which side of the glass to be on, and i woke up on it. living my life at 24 now, two years on from my “breakdown”…two years from my “death”sometimes i feel sad, i became a god for 3 minutes and then i crashed back down to the creature i am today. every day is monotonous and grey, and i am afraid. for a while after, when i was falling asleep, i would startle myself awake, feeling like i was falling outside my body. so i think dreaming is a temporary way there. but i was afraid to go there. using the old quote…i was afraid to “break on through to the other side”so i live my life knowing what will happen when its over.too scared to be a god, too bored without the power.if my time comes, i will accept it. i obviously fashioned my death that way so it must be my time. and i’ll be fine.so im not gonna kill myself, that other self will just have to wait, because that wont happen ever, i will die when i die.i dont know why i started this really, seemed like the right time so i thought i would post it here, and i have kept it all inside for years. just felt like typing out my story really…
I've been dealing with three broken teeth, I can't get it fixed for another two weeks and I've been in a lot of pain because of it, so anyhow, my friend offered me the rest of her unused codeine script for free. I have had bad experiences with codeine in the past; I overdosed after surgery when I was a child from a typical dose and it was determined that I'm an ultrarapid metabolizer. My understanding of this is that I convert more of the codeine into morphine because of an excess of the enzyme responsible for that conversion. Anyhow, the day I got them I took one at first, I figured it would be alright to take a little since I'm not a young child anymore, and after an hour I was still in considerable pain so I took another. About an hour later I was struggling to stay conscious and actually fading in and out. My girlfriend kept a close eye on me until the effects wore off. My question is; is it possible for me to safely use codeine if I reacted that way to a fairly small amount? Do I just need to decrease the dose, or is it unpredictable how much of it I'll metabolize and how quickly? And do UR metabolizers eliminate the drug at the same rate as other people or can it build up? I don't know, does anyone have experience with this or know more about how it works? Thanks, I know I'm pretty dumb for taking something that almost killed me in the past but I'm pretty desperate at this point in time.
So guys basically been seeing a lot of brown MDMA recently and after a little research seems to me that it hasn't been acetone washed and/or has a fair bit of either MDP2P or MDMF in it. Anyone know if this stuff is still safe? (Source is normally very reliable and not planning doing a lot anyway)

So today before I hit the gym, I smoked a wee bit of weed. Always loved it, makes me more focussed and the workout more enjoyable. After a nice warm-up on the Elliptical, I head to the dumbbells area to work on shoulders today. At first I noticed a girl in my peripherals, but I didn't look at her as they tend to get intimidated and thus making me nervous. I grabbed a couple 2.5 lbs plates and started warming up my shoulders. That's when I noticed that girl was this very hot girl that I saw last time at the gym. She has a hot latina face and her body is in fact, perfect. She wears these tanktops, and calf-cutoff yoga pants but those more athletic ones, same shit, different marketing. Anyways, she spots me, I spot her, and we do the eye-contact ping-pong game, where we look at each other only when we know they won't be looking back. We continued our workout while continuing this charade. I really think she thinks I'm cool or something, because she does a lot of extra movements around me. She jumps around a lot and would always bend down ass-facing me. Walking in front of me to grab the water or something. And of course, I'm digging her. But keep in my mind, I smoked a bit beforehand and this is the second time I'm seeing her, so there's that familiarity effect, that the first-time meeters have in advantage over us. Still maintaining their societal facade, haven't yet settled into the comfort of repeated meetings. But I digress, for this isn't /r/philosophy.Now after, working out in front of me, this girl now is working out behind me to my right, and we're both facing this wall of mirror, so everything is out in the open. After a set where we both stopped at the same time, I finally graduated from glances and looked over at her. And just the way she looked back, was so hilarious and cute that I almost giggled, and I looked away so hard and so shyly. I picked up my waterbottle and took a swig so fast. 😳Of course, my huge reaction had an impact on her, and she looked away fast too. And I felt bad, not because I was so shy and I'll never get her now, but it's because my weird moment made her feel weird, and possibly all the other people in the room peeking over at us (people love to look at others :().Anyways, she didn't take it too weird, she still worked out there afterwards and heavy vibe from before (the sexual tension of seeing attractive mates, and the suspense of not knowing if they find you attractive) is now a lighter vibe. Anyways, I didn't feel bad about myself for that, maybe in the past I would have. But now I know that I'm too good to let one seemingly weak moment define me

Planning on tripping early jan (I know, planning ahead so far but this time of year is busy so whatever), but anyway I was wondering if dabbing while on LSD is a good idea at all? It'll be my 3rd trip but 1st time dabbing so im not sure 
I am curious.     It's been a long time since my dirty Amphetamine Days...    So many Hours... gone...    But... to celebrate all the good Things happening in my Life, I'd like to enter a even more horny, silocone Lube attrition'eske World full of Euphoria.    Now.    What would be the Drug, that gives you the most horny and euphoric feeling... with unlimited Libido?    4-MMC?    Meth?    2-FMA?    or... the holy 4-MAR?    Maybe there is something even more awesome slumbering in the deep, unknown RC World?    Masters of Euphoria!    Give me your Knowledge!    Cheers    Prophet     Must know:    Taking 2CB after coming down from MDMA gives you unlimited Libido for a Day, and the the ultimate Horniness.    And Headaches after taking hundreds of Milligrams 2CB.
One of my friends is very adamant about trying heroin, and possibly using it regularly. I've tried to persuade them to stick to other drugs (they use meth infrequently, and can control themselves.) Since he is going to be doing it no matter what, I wanted to be as safe about it as possible. That includes religiously testing whatever he purchases and establishing a safe dosing schedule so that he does not become addicted and suffer withdrawals. I am very aware of how addictive heroin is, but I know that there have been many successful users who have not become addicted. But my main question is, how often and how much should I give him? He has agreed to let me be his accountability partner, and we are establishing very firm ground rules so that he will not become addicted or  use too often. I will be monitoring his use, and dispensing the heroin to him. Any help is appreciated. 
So i took tram for the first time today and had like 150 mg. i had like a 30 minute minute nap. Before the nap I was already feeling a good buzz and slightly numb in my arms and legs. I went out like a rock and was woken up by a bud. I felt REALLY good. Although, when I went to eat, my jaw locked once and I was dizzy AF. The dizziness weared off after a while and was replaced by feeling really light...Is this normal? or did I just take too much?Also what can I do to keep my tolerance low so I can have this type of buzz again
I'm an occasional smoker, only smoke in weekends and not even every weekend. But I have applied for a job where I'm more than likely required to take a mandatory pre-hiring --- (just the one as I'm aware of) but question is, how long would it take forte weed to be completely or my system? Last time I smoked was Saturday and had probably not even a quarter gram, any help is appreciated!-READ COMMENT SECTION-
Soo...I'm fairly new to the drug scene, well except weed (tried it once didn't like) and alcohol (probably drink way too much). In summary I took 2.5g of Kava Kava 70% extract, some "Molly" (he described it as "mostly MDMA and very strong), and some weird herbal Viagra pill that also had some type of weird euphoria rush. They were all at least 3hours a part from each other. Stupid emotional me barely did any research on these before I took them (yay for self medicating). Anyway so I a made it home from the guys house (pnp'ed with two guys-- had an AMAZING time). It's still in my system and I seem to have to be doing something with my hands 24/7. Either stroking, feeling my nipples, or just rubbing my body and if I don't do any of the three I start grinding my teeth. I'm nervous about going to sleep. I'm nervous about some type of interaction, I took the wrong doseage for first time and took too much, or I'll grind my teeth in my sleep. Also I keep having dry mouth, but feel like I'm totally dehydrated. With the little research I did do I saw people have complications from MDMA because of too much or too little water. Nervous if I should drink more of less. Also, finally the comedown. Never experienced once before. I feel like this one is going to be an really bad one. What can I do to help with this? or just general advice. Really nervous because I have a very important interview tomorrow at 3p (yeah I know it was dumb of me to pnp with MDMA right before an important interview).Any and all answer/advice is welcomed and I am grateful for it. 

Please help me with this post because i feel like it could change my life.I would really like to get a prescription and not to abuse the drug but to actually use the appropriate dose for day to day life. I know my doctor (who seems like an understanding guy) isnt going to just say oh you want concerta here you go. I also know i shouldnt ask for anything specific or mention i have used it before. Im just looking for tips to speed the process up and ensure i get prescribed something. And before anyone asks or tries to claim im just trying to get the drug to abuse or sell that is not the case at all. I took concerta recreationally from my friend and was amazed at how i just felt so normal compared to usual. I felt happier, more productive, and i didnt really feel high at all.Im in college and  have a tough time focusing, starting tasks, or even going to class. I looked up symptoms for it and i noticed i have quite a few if the symptoms that come with ADHD. Im going to talk to my mother tomorrow about it and then im gonna make an appointment hopefully this weekend.Anyways please leave any feedback and it will be much appreciated.Edit: I forgot to mention i definitely have some social anxiety and on concerta i feel much more comfortable in social situations. Not overly confident or anything just less nervous.
I understand that the canabanoid CBD is supposed to help with anxiety. Since it is now easy to get CBD isolate has anyone tried using it with weed/LSD/shrooms or whatever drug that makes you paranoid or anxious?I would think that adding CBD to high thc strains might help if it usually makes you paranoid. I'd also think it might help if you're nervous about psychedelics. Thoughts?
I am *fucking* tired of it.I am sure we've all seen the endless news stories titled "teen dies after taking Ecstasy pill" and other similar headlines. Just a quick [google search](https://www.google.co.uk/search?biw=1536&bih=760&q=bbc+ecstasy+death&oq=bbc+ecstasy+d&gs_l=serp.3.1.0j0i22i30k1l4.2383.2688.0.4275.2.2.0.0.0.0.69.134.2.2.0....0...1c.1.64.serp..0.2.133...0i22i10i30k1.KsYOi-2R-vE) will show you. It is COMPLETELY UNNECESSARY!What the fuck is wrong with the education system? It's supposed to be filled with intellects but no one can see that teaching abstinence **DOES NOT WORK**? We used to teach abstinence for sex, but people were still fucking. We are teaching abstinence for drugs, but people are still using. I am not saying to promote drugs to anyone, that would be ridiculous. But it is time to acknowledge the fact that people are going to get high, regardless of the law, D.A.R.E or other programs. It is time to educate. It is time to change the way society views drug users. It is time to save lives.What can *we* do to make a change?
I have made a post on the "Change My View" subreddit and it is fun sometimes to see if people can change your view on political or social topics, until that is I made a post about the ethics on "snitching" on someone. I really can't believe these people exist, SMH.....http://imgur.com/a/k3fjo#EWOLpJ2link to the thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/5gr6pp/cmv_snitching_or_being_a_tattletale_on_people_not/
Alan Watts was right. I think it might be time to hang up the phone.Message received. Loud and clear.It'll be hard filling the void, but LSD just ceased any desire I have to use any chemical to alter my mental of physical state. I no longer want to be high. It's gonna really disappoint my friends.Thanks LSD?I'm scared but think I'm ready, time to go about daily life again, and time to incorporate my knowledge but *sober*.**cheers**
 Just curious to see how people experinces differ with others.Filler: hdhdjdjdjdjdjdj hdhdhdhjd dhhdj djjd jdjd jdjd jdjdj jdjdjjd djdjdj djdjd udjdbdhdj udjd jdjdjf jdjdj jdjdjd jdjdjdj jdjdjd udjdjd jdjdjd djdjjd djdjjd djdjdj jdjdjd jdjdjdb jdjdjd jdjdjd jdjdjd jdjdjdj jdjdjdidi idjdjdjd idkdjdj idjdjdid udjdjdi jdjdjjd idjdjdj jdjdjdj jdjdjdjjd jdjdjjd jdjdjjd idjdj jdj jdjd jdjdid jdjdj iddkjd kdkdkkd kdkdkkd kdkdkdk jdjj 
I'm a psilocybin and weed guy.Occasional acid or research ChemI've taken actual MDMA about 6 times, but oh MAN I love MDA so much more.It's really good for hanging out and talking.I like that it's more psychedelic than MDMA and  I can trip pretty hard, but still be coherent enough to talk to my buddies till 5:30am.I also kinda get a buzzing behind my eyes and I could just run my fingers through a shaggy carpet for hours.Idk man. MDA appreciation post because it's fucking gnarly.
I was at a college birthday party last night for two guys. One of the birthday guys drank a little too much and laid down in the hallway. A group of close friends surrounded him and told everyone else to get away. About 20 minutes pass and word gets out that he's had 2 seizures just now. Someone mentioned calling 911 and the owner of the house screamed at him saying that he's fine and we don't need to call shit. I grabbed my friends and we went outside the house. I then learned that the guy seizing had been on hydro and coke tonight as well as drinking. I immediately called 911 after hearing that. What the fuck is wrong with some people. Someone is having a seizure in your house and you are more worried about not being in trouble then someone possibly dying. 
I'm planning on going on seeing one of my favourite rappers Retch in a few days and planning on tripping on 2 double dipped tabs, my friend will be bringing weed along to the concertI smoke weed very often and somtimes have racing thought but for the most time im all good ive tripped a few times (always being at higher doses like this) and was wondering if smoking weed would propel me into having a  bad trip or cause me to have a shitty mindset
So I know a field near me that has lib caps, I had done them a few times but in small doses. So have gotten high but never "tripped". Not through choice I had just never been able to find enough. However one night I went down to this field and there was literally hundreds, full size as well. I thought fuck it. Picked them and ate them there and then, like I said I've never properly tripped so I didn't think it would be that bad... I went home which was about a five minute walk. I went up to my bedroom, it had been about ten minutes since I ate them and I was already feeling dizzy and extremely giggly, this was about the highest I'd ever been from when I had consumed them in the past. Then a girl who had been pestering me to hook up with her, called me up and said she was nearby and asked if we could meet. Normally I would've said no but I was feeling very energetic and had quite a good buzz, so I said I'd meet her in fifteen minutes. I had to ride my bike to meet her and like I said this was night time, she was about a mile away in a neighbouring village. I set off about twenty minutes after eating them. I live in a fairly rural area so I had to ride down a country road, in the pitch black. So far all had been well I was cycling down the road with my headphones in listening to a band called pup, when suddenly the distortion kicked in on the guitars and the sky literally lit up white. I must've been staring at it for about a minute when I heard a car horn and a car go speeding past, now I have no lights on my bike and I think I was in the middle of the road. How I didn't come off I still don't know, and to this day I still can't listen to the song I was listening to that night, it gives me horrible flashbacks. Then everything returned to normal except the road seemed to stretch out, what normally would take me two minutes to cycle I seemed to have been going for hours, with me properly paniking. When I finally saw the village, I relaxed a little. The girl who arranged to meet was waiting on a bench for me. I threw my bike on the floor, and said look I'm sorry. I need you to walk me home I've taken way to much mushrooms. I refused to walk back the way I came so she walked me back through like two different villages. I got her to text my mum on my phone saying how I'd be walking home as I felt ill and would be going straight to bed, I attempted doing it myself, but the screen was moving too much. And for about fourty minutes (the duration of most of the walk) it was fucking beautiful, I was paranoid my mum was gonna find out I'd been on drugs but like I said I've never hallucinated before and it was like the whole village was alive. It was usually awkward with this girl but because I was tripping I got to know her really well. At one point we had to walk over a hill and the nearby city at night looked stunning.  When we were about a quarter of a mile from my house I had almost peaked, The girl gave me some smarties and I began chewing but forgot that I had eaten them and thought I'd chewed through all my teeth, I kept asking the girl if I was bleeding and telling her that I was getting very scared. About 300m from my house the girl stopped and said my mums picking me up here so your gonna have to walk the rest. She asked for a kiss which I did really wanna try on mushrooms but I decided not to. So she gave me back my bike and I began to wheel it home. This is where shit gets properly scary. As I was walking back I could hear nothing, like withought her it was so silent. And I was getting so paranoid someone was following me. But then I realised the person I thought was following me was actually my shadow from the streetlights. I kept trying to reassure myself. Then my mum text me, where are you? This is where I properly began to panick. Fuck I though, she knows. By this point I'd opened my house gate however I couldn't properly control my arms so I had to pick my bike up like a forklift to get it through. I then threw it on the floor and kicked the gate shut. I then entered the house walked over to the living room where my mum and her boyfriend where, they were bearly recognisable though. I said I don't feel good I'm going to bed goodnight thankyou. My mum later told me after I told her about the shrooms, to say I'm fifteen and had almost killed myself on them she didn't seem to bothered. I went up to my room and fell to my bed. For some reason I was so paranoid this girl was gonna call me and for about an hour I couldn't move anything but my eyelids, my body felt amazing though how relaxed it was. But the hallucinations where horrible, eyes opened or closed it didn't matter. It's hard to explain what I could see, the best way I can explain it is when you see images of "shroom trips" and there's like pictures of spirals and stuff. But these spirals had like clown faces on and shit. It wasn't fun. After that it just all stopped, like a flick being switched. I immediately called the girl and apologised for everything and fell asleep.To conclude don't fuck with shrooms, coz they fuck back. And in case you were wondering I still do shrooms, just in my house where I am safe. And have not had a bad trip since. As for the gir I met up with her again whilst sober and didn't enjoy it, and have barley spoken to her since.
Trip Information:Dose: 460 Seeds Heavenly Blue Variety Morning Glory Seeds.Duration: 9-12 Hours(Hard to Tell).Setting: Home and surrounding neighborhoods from late afternoon to night.Trip Report:It was May of 2016 and I was interested in dosing on some sort of psychedelic. Having no LSD or Psilocybin connections at the time I realized that my best bet was to consume LSA. My local hardware store sold a variety of seed that I had taken before and knew wasn't tainted with pesticides. Each packet was roughly $1.40 after tax. At the time money was tighter than usual. With this in mind I set aside enough cash to buy 10 packets. Morning on the day of my trip and I wake up early. I'm to excited to sleep and have to wait for my hardware store to open. It takes me about 30 minutes to walk there but I don't really mind. It happens to be a nice day outside. The sky is beautifully blue and puffy clouds paint pictures above me. When I get to the store I'm disappointed. There are only 8 of the packets that I want. Instead of pouting I decide to grab what I can and purchase my seeds. Then I head back to may house. The seeds shake in my pocket with every step.Arriving at home I waste no time in preparing my seeds for consumption. I head to a low light environment as not to damage the lysergamides. Then I empty my packets into a blender and shred them into a powder. I'm not concerned with friction destroying the seeds chemical contents. I've used this meathod before with success. Quickly I poured the seed powder onto a thin bit of toilet paper. Then I proceeded to fold and swallow the Morning Glory bomb I created. After this I consume two more items. Diphenhydramine for the nausea at a dose of 25 mg. Then ibuprofen to thin my blood in response to the vasoconstriction. After this I prepare to wait.Having not eaten much it dosen't take long for the seed powder to start taking over. After about an hour the nausea subsided and effects began to come about. I notice an immensely pleasurable physical sensation that is hard to describe. An odd pressure that is working all about my body without coordination in conjunction with a cold but gentle physical sensation. This sensation would last me the duration of the trip and was really great. Visuals would not manifest for at least another couple of hours. Euphoria and curiosity would take hold long before the visuals. It was a perfect mix of general okayness and a flood of happiness. This too would last for the duration of the trip.With these great vibes encompassing my being I proceeded to trip out on my couch. I was contorting myself into various shapes and just rubbing my arms. All sensations felt fantastic at this point. I must've spent a good two hours just rolling around there on that couch before I had a great idea. Why not turn on some music. The first song I listened to was Electric Feel by MGMT. Listening to that song felt amazing. It must've lasted for hours and hours. After a few hours of tripping the visual effects began to manifest.These visuals are truly unbelievable. Every molecule in your visual field breathes at different times. Colors appear brighter and more vibrant. This world you are inhabiting truly comes to life like never before. It is hard to walk around because you're afraid of bumping into the breathing objects. For hours I just stare at anything and everything. My couch, my carpet, my dogs and whatever I had playing on Netflix at the time.The day goes by to fast. I spend all the daylight indoors and now I regret it. It has become dark outside and I decide to take a walk. My strides seem like they stretch for miles and the music moves me forward. Free Bird comes on and I just start running. I feel like I'm flying high in the sky and nothing can stop me. Eventually I return home to pass out. This trip will always be a fond memory of mine. If I wasn't so damn tired I'd add more details. Hope you enjoyed the read fellow Druggits.
So, just some background information I am 22 years old and I had never smoked weed before up until last night. It's something I've always wanted to try and I have a lot of close friends who do it all the time and they would always talk about how good it made them feel. I have a slight amount of anxiety that I deal with on a day to day basis to begin with, but it's never affected my daily life in a major way. So, like I said it's always something I've wanted to try and the opportunity came up for me to try it last night with four of my other friends. I was nervous about the situation to begin with because I had heard stories of people when they would have bad trips and I was worried that would happen to me. I genuinely did want to try it for myself and was excited about smoking for the first time, but I did have those initial worries. Anyways, I took a couple of hits and didn't feel anything. One of my friends said I wasn't inhaling correctly so she coached me through it and told me to hold it in and inhale even deeper once I breathed in the smoke. So I did that and ended up having a coughing fit so I knew I did it right that time. It came around again and I so I took another hit and did the same thing. Had another coughing fit, but I came back from the bathroom and felt fine. Soon after I sat back down on the couch, I started feeling really weird. I just felt very detached and like I didn't know who I was or what my purpose was. I kept telling myself that I was in college and these were my friends and what I was doing in life, but I just kept wondering who am I and what am I doing here. I felt like all of my friends were staring at me and could tell I was freaking out. At one point, I think I kept saying how confused I was and how I was freaking out, but I could hardly even form sentences because one, it was hard to talk, and two, I couldn't remember what I was saying long enough to actually make a coherent sentence. I was terrified and couldn't even tell my friends why I was. A little bit later on, my legs started twitching and I remember I kept saying I was having muscle spasms and I was afraid something bad would happen. I basically had a nervous breakdown in front of all of my friends while smoking weed the first time and I just cannot stop thinking about it today. This might sound dramatic, but it was honestly almost traumatizing and I am still feeling the effects of the panic attack I had today. I am having a hard time putting into words how I'm feeling, but I am definitely feeling a bit depressed and detached still. I am just really hoping this will fade away with time and if anyone has been through a similar situation and has any advice for me, it would be greatly appreciated. 
Guys when I'm high like rn I realize that secretly I'm mentally retarded and the whole world knows it except me. I am destined to failure and nobody likes me!!!! I went to a porter robinson concert and some shirtless asian man gave me a one-way I felt good. South Cali UR is good btw I recommand it. 
I've only tripped acid once, with my best friend, and we stayed confined to my apartment building the whole time. I'm gonna be tripping again in about three weeks with my girlfriend, and I'm kind of interested in being out in the city on acid (we live in a big city). But i remember the first time I tripped, being around other people who weren't tripping was stressful. Is there a way to keep from getting stressed out while being in public tripping?
Hey! - Someone been taking MDMA two times now, and each time they have been having insane short term memory (sometimes only for a short time). The someone and the friend always take 500mg of MDMA (also the first time). Short term memory working in this way, the someone and friend was talking, and after like 8 words, everything was gone. Nobody could remembers wtf they where talking about. Really funny :DAlso, the someone and friend was out going on some small roads (no in the forest), and each time the someone looked at some dark place (like at some trees) they would see a "human-shadow"? - Like a person was standing there. And it happened a lot. And then the someone got told, "Dude, it's a tree" the someone was like "Really? - It looks like a f***ing person standing there". Nor the someone and the friend every got scared or anything, they was just having a good time and everything. So my questions is for you guys, do you think that 500mg is to much or it's okay, and have you tried to have insane short term memory, and also, is it normal to see shadows and light-poles as persons .
Saturday I went out of town and split a gram of MDA between me, my friend, and his girlfriend so it was nice cuddling with them and being mushy gushy. Then when I got home last night I felt like being an asshole and bought another g of sass and parachuted the entire gram throughout the night. Some people need to be around others when you take it but being alone in comfortable clothes and watching Boogie Nights from about 9 pm to 11 amAnd then tonight I'm finishing the last of my coke. And what's on IFC? Boogie NightsCan't wait for all the replies telling me how much damage I did to my brain from taking about .2gs Saturday and then an entire gram to myself last night. And about a half gram of coke tonight. Still had valuable and incredible experiences and just enjoying myself before my finals start tomorrow 
Hey guys! I'm about to be asking out a girl and I get a lot of anxiety. Almost to the point of a panic attack. My friend gave me about 8 pills of .5mg Xanax. I've taken a single .5mg xanax before and could barely feel it.So basically I'm asking if any of you have used xanax for a situation like this before and how did it work out? And how much should I take so I don't end up passing out or making a fool of myself?Thanks!
Yeah yeh I know there are many better opiates, and its just codeine but I want some lean. A friend of a friend is saying he can some 60 an ounce which seems ridiculous. A deuce is 2 oz right? What's the ideal price? How much would each person need for an ideal high? Keep in mind that my friend and i who are trying it both weigh about 230 pounds.
I'm going to start off with a back story. I tried xanax for my first time about a year and a half ago, and I blacked out and got a dui and did jail time.Ever since then, any time I have taken xanax I have the weirdest side effects. It's hard to describe, but it relieves my anxiety but it's like I can't black out or even get high from any kind of benzo. Sometimes I even throw the xanax up. The next day, any kind of liquid tastes dulled down and metallic and I basically have no appetite. The reason I find it so weird is because the same thing happens when I take kolonopin. Is something wrong with me? Or is my body just rejecting it completely?And also if I even take a sup of any alcohol when on it I immediately gag it back up.
My drug experiences tend to range from either an intimate thing with my partner at home, or at clubs/house parties. I get something from both the social drugging and the more chill experiences with my partner. However, I'm a very introverted person and I sometimes crave the experience of doing drugs completely alone. I've done this a couple times before (mostly MDMA, K, and weed), and found it very introspective.However I feel restricted by the social stigma of doing drugs alone, as though that qualifies you to be an addict. Some of my friends can't even relate to just me and my partner doing drugs at home 'cos they see it as just a party thing and anything beyond that is abuse/misuse.So anyway, I'm just wondering how other people's experiences relate. What's your preference? Are there specific drugs you prefer for social situations and others that you prefer alone?
I always try to keep myself calm and very normal on this sub (you can see it from my overview/history... I pride myself on being polite and cordial, and reserved... NINE TIMES OUT OF TEN)But tonight I need to scream like a primal human being...I LOVE LYSERGIC ACID DIETHYLAMIDE!!!!!!I want to say thank you to everyone on this sub for being so kind and supportive. I want to thank my family even though only my dad is cool with psychedelics (thanks for being a human being dad)! I want to say thank you to my friends!FUCK I could die tonight and wouldn't give a single shit. I'm so happy. I understand all.The world is big and beautiful, even if the sun hasn't risen on your part of it yet, I can promise you that one day it will :)
What do you think guys, how bad for the bladder 0.4-0.6g of K every weekend ?Does it have any negative effects on the brain ?Repost from /r/KetKatPackBlablablabla to feed the bot bla bla bla who invented this rule? Everybody is on drugs here
I've done at least 40 shrooms trips and maybe 4 or 5 acid trips. There is a cow patch near me and I happened to be lucky to be best friends with a grower. And I got sold NBOME bullshit so that kept me away. Thanks to the discovery of the onion patch that changed. Mushrooms have more of a spirit and ancient wisdom that I love, and I have learned to love the mindfuck that many people fear. LSD seems more self-guided and great for problem solving in a different way than mushies but my experience with acid is limited.
Yes, I know. How many times is this question going to pop up. ? Why don't I just google my question and find the numerous forum posts that involve MDMA & Confidence Juice. Well, I tried that and I didn't find the answer to my question. So here goes nothing. I plan on going to a rave/festival pretty soon and also plan on popping some candy while I'm there. BUT I don't plan on popping until 11 or 12ish. Me and couple friends were thinking about drinking around the 6-9 window. Maybe have  a few(2-3) tall cans(24 oz. beer )of brew each and maybe a couple mixed drinks at the festival. Basically have a cool buzz omw to the festival & dance for a bit until I begin to sober up. Once I feel I'm sobering up, I plan on popping. I have a cool system where I split my sweet tart into 4 and periodically consume quarters in 30-40 mins intervals. I will definitely be hydrating my self before I drink, during I drink, and after I drink. I will also have my usual supplements that I take when I roll; magnesium, grape seed oil, Na-R-ALA, etc. So basically am I prepared for a dope night or my LAST night? Any insight/advice helps, thanks. 

I've never taken it before. My friend gave me some and she said when she took it she literally cried the entire trip because everything was so beautiful. I've been reading trip reports and it sounds great. The visuals sound amazing. I've never tripped during the day. I've done mushrooms twice and salvia once and all were at night. The first time I did mushrooms I was coming up at sunset. It was really pretty. But I tripped at night. I really want to trip during the day but I also really want to see Christmas lights on 4 ho met.  People who have taken it before, which do you think would be better? I have one dose and idk when I'll be able to get more. 
This chemical is my white whale. I doubt I will ever come across it in my lifetime. I first became aware of this drug while surfing erowid, I was immediately intrigued by the trip reports describing how incredibly intense the experience was. People's description of "the void" and ego death really is interesting to me. If you have ever had an experience with this substance, I would love to hear how it went and what your thoughts are on it. Also if you currently have it in your possession or are able to obtain it, I would love to hear how you came across it. Obviously no direct sourcing, I'm just curious exactly how rare something like this is. Thanks
Hey all, As the title says, I wanna try something new, and have a fresh experience. So far I've had:* Weed* LSD* MDMA* 2CB* DMTI'm not looking for anything specifically (like psychedelics, for instance), but just something different. What are some things you guys have had that you would recommend to someone else, and what was your experience like with it?Cheers all
I'm looking for something to delay my orgasm. I only have sex on the weekends when my GF is with me(shes attending university in another city) so my dick isn't that trained and I bust pretty easily the first round which is like five minutes. Obviously the second or third round are a bit longer, but it's max twenty minutes and I would like to last longer. The longest I lasted was almost two hours after my MDMA roll, which was amazing.. so is there anything that could induce delayed orgasm like MDMA? I don't feel like taking MDMA weekly only for the delayed orgasm aspect.
Hey everyone. I had a terrible cold all last week that I couldn't kick. I usually drink loose-leaf, but I picked up this boxed medicinal tea called *"Gypsy Cold Care."* It's quite good. Looking on the box, however, it states:>not to exceed 6 cups within a 24 hour period.Down the side of the box are all these disclaimers saying to consult a physician before drinking it if you're pregnant, etc. Is this just an FDA mandated warning, or should I be concerned if I'm drinking a lot of it? This is the kind I bought. https://www.mynaturalmarket.com/Traditional-Medicinals-Gypsy-Cold-Care-Herbal-Tea-Caffeine-Free.htmlThanks!, and sorry if this is a bit off-topic for this subreddit. r/tea told me to post elsewhere.
Hello everyone. So this is just a random question. I have never been given a Steroid before. But early this morning at the ER they gave me a Steroids and a script for some Tramadol. Well I took the Steroid there. It did not make me high. But it made me feel jittery. But I took 200MG of the Tramadol. And then about 7 hours later I took 200 more. And I would think that would counter it out. I do not feel jittery at all. But I have been up for over 24 hours. And I am so tired my eyes are burning but I just can not fall asleep. I was in bed for 4 hours to no avail. I was just wondering if there is a chance it could be an effect from that Steroid? I am sorry if this is a dumb question. Just never been given one before. And most the time I can not sleep is be cause I am just not tried enough to fall asleep.
Alright so quick background, i have a fair bit of experience with psychedelics (50 times+ lsd, 4 times 2ce, 5 times shrooms,mdma,weed countless times etc..), so before ordering 4-aco-dmt i had been smoking weed daily for about 6 month, i kinda wanted to stop but had no reason to, so i kept going and thought i'd stop when my stash was empty.Fast forward to mid-september , i received my 4-aco, and decided to dose 25mg for my first time , thinking it would pretty intense but not so much i couldn't handle it.Had a good headtrip (love the headspace btw) but not so much in terms of visuals , music was fantastic , more so than any lsd experience i've had wich was pretty awesome.Second trip i decide to dose 35mg to fix my craving for a hard trip, i dropped on an empty stomach which is a really bad idea (every time i drop 4-aco without eating the same day i get awful brainzaps on the come up , as soon as i eat it's all good though), the trip was much more intense i was definitely pretty lost but overall had a good time, but as soon as i started "coming down" i felt so bad..  we're talking suicidal thoughtloops, for no apparent reason, i was in a good place in life but was definitely pretty bored at the time. This scared me quite a bit off 4-aco and substances in general which is great because i stopped smoking weed daily after this.Finally decided to go back to 4-aco after a 1 month long break from weed, i dosed lower to be safe and had a much better time. Tripped another couple of times after this, nothing to write home about but definitely enjoyable experiences.Anyway now for the trip report :I was in great place in life, very much entertained and overall happy.My gf was at home, not tripping with me just coming to talk a few times during the trip.T+0:00 I drop 40mg of 4-aco-dmtT+0:30 Definitely starting to feel something, decide to wait until i'm peaking to listen to music and just watch a few youtube vids to keep the mood light.T+1:30 Gf comes over and is making a bit of a fool of me drawing tracers in front of my face and having a fun time trolling me a little. We proceed like this for a good 30 mins during which i got uncontrollable laughter a few times.T+2:00 She asks if i'd like a massage, i answer it might be a bit too much too take right now but that i'd love to give her one, she accepts, touching her was pretty awesome and she looked like she was enjoying it, so i change my mind and accepted her offer for a massage, which was amazing, also everytime she would get near my head the CEVs would warp where her hand was (kinda hard to explain but really cool).T+3:00 Her being the cute fuck she is decides to play animal crossing next to me while we hug, this got me in a very enjoyable childlike state. (The christmas lights and decorations at my window helped for sure)T+4:00 She has to leave which makes me pretty sad as i'm now off the peak and still didn't listen to music. I stay like this for about an hour kinda depressed watching videos.T+5:00 I don't feel much now, not baseline but close enough to it that i felt okay smoking weed.I take ONE little rip to be safe, everything gets trippier and trippier up to a point where the walls melt and i can't see anything for a while , at one point i was just a point in a blank universe , i was just a little dot in the middle of nothingness.It feels like reality is fighting the 4-aco and the 4-aco is winning by a lot.I get a moment of incredible euphoria and energy , i clanch my fist and whisper "life is amazing" not to make too much noise.To give you guys an idea , i tripped on 400ug of lsd and a pretty crazy amount of hash oil but this was much, much more intense, if i spaced out more than 0.5 seconds the visuals would cover my whole vision.Things calmed down , i'm able to get my headset and listen to my music finally .. Holy shit , i have never understood music so well , i could listen to every track and understand them all at the same time, while i was having the best visuals i have ever had, i then proceed to do a few canisters of N20 , at this point everything gets more intense but also way more blurry i barely remember anything of this.**TL:DR** Took 40mg of 4-aco-dmt and had a moderate trip , smoked a tiny bowl of weed 5 hours in and had the most intense trip i've ever had.
I apologise for this being so long I didn't mean for it to be his length but I just wanted to write everything down.3 weeks ago I took something that was supposed to be mdma. I have taken mdma 3 times before so I know how it's supposed to feel and be as I had similar experiences each time I did it.So first thing when I saw it, was power/crystal form like I had always seen it and it was a brownish colour and when I had done it before it was always white/pale. After looking up the colour of mdma in google I saw that it was sometimes a tan/brown colour. So I take some and wait for an hour and don't feel anything. I decided it was time to try a bit more as this has happened before and when I redosed slightly it kicked in. After 20 mins or so I started to feel it a little bit, but since I had only done a tiny bit I thought I should take one more bit and then I'll be done for the rest of the night. This was very stupid I know. After waiting a bit longer I noticed I didn't have half of the effects of mdma, no euphoric and love feeling, no eyes rolling feeling, no tight jaw feeling, no feelings on the buildup of songs and the bass, just lots of energy so I wanted to dance. Danced for about 30 minutes and then felt a bit off, I felt like I was forcing myself to try feel the effects when I only felt energy. Went to get water from the bar and when I stopped moving to ask for the water I realised I didn't feel the uncontrollable need to keep moving and dancing as I loved the music so much as I did when I did mdma 3 times before... this is when I realised something was wrong. Then after leaving soon after I started to feel a bit sick and panicky. Went to friends apartment and realised this must definitely not be mdma, spent the next few hours talking with friends while really concentrating on not freaking out because I thought my head was gonna explode. Trying to sleep was awful, my heart was beating so forcefully and fast the bed was vibrating... way worse and more worrying heart beat than on real mdma before, also had a bad headache and felt like needles were sticking into my temples. After finally getting sleep after hours I woke up frequently and then got up a few hours later. I felt alright, still a bit scared and worried and a bad headache and needle feeling still. This headache and needles in my temples and forehead feeling took a week to wear off. I also very nearly passed out 2 days after this night had it not been for going outside and sitting down and cooling off. Even now when I think about the night and mdma I get a headache sometimes... but I'm not sure if that's just a coincidence or not.I haven't been able to research what I had taken that night because I just don't know what it was. This hasn't put me off mdma entirely, I realise it must have not been the real thing and I have been looking into getting it online with trusted vendors? Do any of you have much experience in this? Is it as safe as it's said to be? and also safety guides and everything I can research about doing it right. For an upcoming party was thinking of doing it but I'll test it and order online and take supplements, it will have been a month and a half since the bad experience so is that enough recovery time?
On 2 7.5mg zopiclones and a couple bowls feeling good but i have 7 tylenol 2s (115mg codeine) total, is it bad if i pop all 7 at once to get a nicer high? How much is too much acetaminophen is too much?
Hello Redditers, this is one of my favorite subreddits, so I appreciate any and all words and advice, but please be gentle. So recently I met a friend of my friend, who I had quality chemistry with, and we've been spending some time together after meeting at a warehouse party last weekend. So, at this party he took some ketamine along with whatever else, and I had some molly, and a bunch of dabs. The aftermath is when we started noticing a connection, he ended up staying over with me, PG Cuddle session and makeout all night (not that you need to know lol) and the next night I went over to his place for a movie night. All was going well, and I was beginning to feel like holy cow, there might be actually something there with this guy. Granted, I already know at this point that he sells molly on the side, but don't know much else as far as drug use, other than we're both super into dabs and weed. Everything was great until he told me he was going to take some ketamine to help him sleep. I looked worried but he assured me this is to just fall asleep because he had been having a hard time sleeping lately. This made me really unsettled and I have a couple questions/concerns. 1.) I've never taken ketamine because it kinda freaks me out and I don't totally understand the appeal/what it does to people/the pros/cons.2. ) Is this something I should be worried about? Do you ever use ketamine outside of a festival/party few times a year? If so, for what?3.) Should i ask more questions or act like it doesn't bother me? I know I barely know him, but am I making a big deal out of nothing? My background: I take molly and drop L about once a month, and am a daily weed smoker. For some reason the ketamine really gnaws at me, but I feel like I'm being judgmental?  Edit: "New relationship" being used because I don't feel the need to categorize what it may or may not be (FWB, friends, hookup, dating) because I'm not sure yet, other than he's someone I care about. 
Greetings to all, I wanted to show you this, it's like I'm very whitish, I do not know if it's normal for plant genetics or some other agent,No if you ask it is not oidio is like Heroina powder haha, any data they have help, thanks c:https://k60.kn3.net/taringa/4/E/4/1/2/F/estebans34/6E5.jpghttps://k60.kn3.net/taringa/1/E/9/0/9/B/estebans34/303.jpghttps://k60.kn3.net/taringa/2/E/8/F/C/E/estebans34/BF7.jpghttps://k60.kn3.net/taringa/7/0/0/E/2/F/estebans34/08E.jpghttps://k60.kn3.net/taringa/B/1/3/3/3/6/estebans34/2A7.jpghttps://k60.kn3.net/taringa/2/D/E/1/1/3/estebans34/CC6.jpgAnd sorry for my english
I have over 1000 5mg pills of valium. Yes 1000. I took 20 mg yesterday and knocked the fuck out and i took 20mg today but had to do some errands and i felt like i was gonna fall asleep right there but i was fine after a little. I dont wanna fall asleep i wanna get like a euphoric feeling or really relaxed but not fall asleep. How much should i take?
So a little background on myself I've been a heavy weed smoker for the last 2 years (first smoking bud  once or twice a day , now I moved on to dabs and a dab pen so I can chief whenever) and they have been the best years of my life, I haven't had any problems with weed until recently. Around 2 months ago I tried LSD for the first time and I did it alone. It was an amazing and successful trip I enjoyed it incredibly. I decided to do it again with a friend around 3 weeks ago, the second time I did it though it wasn't the same I felt this feeling of anxiety all throughout the trip. Now whenever I smoke weed I have this stress and anxiety but with no actual reason to be stressed (high school kid). Last time I did shrooms I experienced depersonalization for around 6 months but that went away. Will this go away? I miss the laid back feeling weed gave me, it's been so ingrained in my life I don't know how I'm going to change. Thanks in advance for the responses I really appreciate this sub and you all.
hi everyone, i realize that there's quite a few threads on similar subjects, but i'm having difficulties finding information on small but frequent doses. since january this year i've done mdma 11 or 12 times, with between 2 and 6 weeks breaks (on average once a month).about half of the times, i've done 135-170mg, the other half i've done 50-80mg. i get noticeable effects from small doses too. i always use a test kit and do vitamin supplements, magnesium etc. my overall diet is very healthy. i've not experienced any "loss of magic" or negative side effects, except a 2-day "hangover" once or twice. does any other users experience negative side effects with small and frequent doses? should i consider myself lucky, is it likely that i'll experience side effects later on or is negative effects rarely seen at such low overall consumption? i plan on going back to 4-6 times a year from now on regardless of feedback, but still very interested in some feedback. my second question is a bit more general, but i have about 4-5 close friends who use a bit irresponsible - untested, almost weekly at somewhat high doses and often with 3-5 redoses. none of them seem to experience any major side effects despite this going on for nearly 2,5 years. are they heading for a crash and what can be done? 
i know it sounds weird, but I really don't like the idea of railing what is essentially the blood of Peruvian children, but I love the cocaine high. Obviously. Are there any safe research chemical alternatives?
I was recently prescribed Tussionex. The syrup contains 10mg of hydrocodone polistirex (extended release hydrocodone) and 8mg of chlorpheniramine maleate per tsp.I took the maximum recommended dosage, one teaspoon Saturday night. It was actually slightly over, because I measured out 1.5 tsp and ended up pouring most of the extra half back into the bottle. I didn't notice much at all until three hours in. I noticed that my face was slightly numb, my fingers were slightly numb, and I felt sedated. It wasn't a bad experience, but it wasn't really euphoric. I didn't get the "warm blanket" feeling that people speak so highly of, and I definitely didn't experience a nod.I'm planning on giving it another go this weekend, probably Friday. What would be a reasonable dosage to get the opioid experience? Not necessarily nodding/the cerebral palsy phase, but the "warm blanket" phase. I was thinking of doing 2.5 tsp.
Now I know this may sound ridiculous and risky, but I am still curious if anyone has any experience or knows about this.I found out I was 7 weeks pregnant two days ago, my partner and I agreed on an abortion which is going to take place on this coming Saturday. I had been planning to go to an event and take mdma with some friends two days before but of course I cancelled, thinking it might have some bad effects for the (medical) abortion. Do you think there would be a problem if I did take mdma, then two days later took the abortion pill?? (Or the other way around, if I took the abortion pill then two days later took mdma)  Thanks for any advice.
I've been exploring for the past few months and I've tried a decent variety of drugs. But none of them have really provided the visuals I have always wanted to experience. Weed doesn't do much (obviously). I've tried MDA but didn't really see much either. And even LSD didn't really live up to the visuals I would have liked. Maybe I need to play around with the dosage or maybe I just don't react properly to really see shit, but nonetheless, any recommendations for good visuals/hallucinations?
I smoked a j with a mate, then I couldn't stop getting the feeling I was watching a POV camera and it wasn't real, then it would skip back into normal focus, and then it would be a POV camera again. There were a couple times where my focus would go blurry then all of a sudden I could have sworn my peripheral vision got larger, then it would snap back to normal again. Very bizarre! (and absolutely hilarious at the time)
Hello reddit.So, 3 days ago. Me, a 16 year old stupid kid thought it would be a good idea to try this new batch of blue 180mg MDMA round/triangular mitsubitshis home alone. I took one, but once it kicked in, I decided I should take 6 of them since I wasnt feeling it hard enough(I know, I fucked up here). About 1.5 hours in I go ahead and lay on my bed to facetime with a friend. This is when I noticed my phone screen was vibrating like crazy and my friend on facetime told me that my right eye was spazzing out into all directions at a rapid rate. At that moment I also realized I was sweating extremely hard and decided it would be a good idea to go ahead and get some ice tea. So I go downstairs and literally everything was glowing like crazy, it felt like heaven. I took the ice tea out of the fridge and went upstairs again. Going upstairs felt like floating up. So I jump on my bed taking gulps of ice tea so I don't dehydrate when suddenly my jaw locks up. Im almost to the point of crushing my teeth to the point where I get the idea I should put a sock in my mouth to keep myself of crushing my teeth. After chewing on the sock for half an hour I spit it out and there was blood everywhere. Now this is where my friend says my eyes rolled back "just like in the movies" and I passed out. My friend said that about 2 minutes later he also passed out from seeing me pass out, and him himself smoking too much weed. I woke up 3 hours later only to find out I projectile vomited blood over my bed. That is also when I started coming down a bit so obviously I figured out I almost died (I think?). Now it's three days later and I feel like I've forgotten all the good things that happened to me in the past. I have no motivation anymore in finishing the things i dreamt about doing in the future and am still experiencing severe nausia and most of all paranoia. I also have this weird lsd like afterglow on everything but that is slowly fading away. Anyways. I'll be cutting down on my XTC use by a lot and I've come to the idea of a "time lock" where I can put my stash in. And it will only open once in 3 months and when closed again will stay closed for another 3 months (or another range of time) ( You can buy these things on Amazon I think) So kids, please be carefull when you decide to take hard drugs at home (or anywhere else) Dont try to reach your absolute limit or go over it. Always take it easy. And most of all, only take them when you allready are feeling fine and have some sober friend(s) come over to help you if you need anythingIf anyone has any questions feel free to ask them here or PM me them.Thanks for reading. It actually felt a little good typing this out.Over and out. Edit: If I think about something sad I instantly burst into tears uncontrollably...
I have read up on the similarities and differences, but I figured I could better decide which substance I'll do by asking in the context of my situation. I don't want to have a heavy introspective experience, I want to do things like explore, laugh and think of interesting thoughts. Which one is a better fit for me? I was thinking LSD but I would like to hear what you guys think.
Okay, before you think I sound like an idiot telling me that flashbacks aren’t real, or that I just had an “HPPD experience”, please hear me out.I’ll give a little background context on the drugs I’ve taken in case it will relate to what happened yesterday:I’ve taken LSD 6 times over the past year, the last time being this past July. I’m prescribed 60 mg of Adderall IR to take a day, but thats a fuck ton of Adderall, so I usually only take 30 mg so I’m able to sleep at night. For the first time last week I took .4 grams of Molly at a concert, given to me from my best friend, who also took it. Also, the night before this flashback, I was very drunk and fell asleep at 3 in the morning.Now, the story from yesterday. I woke up with a headache after a night of heavy drinking with the guys~~,and I had a headache~~. So, I took 2 ibuprofen and also took 30 mg of Adderall IR because I had a fuck ton of work to do yesterday. After I ate breakfast, I decided to drive with my friend to go study with him at my campus’ library. We get to the library, and start doing our work. Within a half an hour of getting there, at 12:00 PM, I think this is when my acid flashback starting to kick in, but I had no clue it was happening. From 12:00 to 1 PM, I am trying to write my 8 page paper, but I can’t even finish a paragraph. I can’t remember what words I’m writing on the screen, I cant put together sentences correctly, and my sentences dont make sense. At 1 PM, I start to get concerned and panic a little bit. I think to myself, “I’ve never been this bad at writing an essay before, what is wrong with me?” During this time, I could also feel the head space that acid gives you, but I honestly thought that the addy I took was hitting me weird because I was hungover and didn’t get much sleep the night before. I thought I was just tired, so I decided I needed to stand up and talk a walk around the library. While I was walking around the library, I suddenly felt that everyone was judging me, and I thought that I was being super weird because I was walking around the library with no purpose. I suddenly decided that I needed to look out a window, just for reassurance that I’m okay. But, every window in the library had nearby students studying at their desks, so I started to panic because I did not want to go by any other people. I then returned to my desk, and struggled to complete sentences with the friend that I came here with. “Are you okay?” he asks me, because I was gone for almost a half an hour. I told him I was just tired and needed a break. I sat back down, and put on the headphones he let me borrow, and tried to start doing work again. But, within minutes, I realized that I only wrote 3 sentences of my paper within an hour. I started to feel trapped in the library, and that I needed to escape. It felt like the library was surrounding me with and closing in on me, so I grabbed my stuff, told my friend I forgot to do something at home, and left. This was about at 2 PM. When I got outside, I felt a small burst of freedom, thankful that I had escaped the library. The walk back to my car was the first time I thought to myself, “I don’t feel sober right now”. On the 15 minute walk back to my car, I tried to piece together what was wrong with me. Then, it hit me. In the library, I thought I was being awkward, I struggled to read or write, I couldn’t make conversation, I wanted to look out a window/go outside. I realized that I was tripping, and the strange head space I had wasn’t from the adderall. I stopped moving, and looked the trees around me. They were ever so slightly more colorful, and they ever so slightly wiggled when I looked at them. That was the moment I knew I had to get home. I (dangerously) got in my car, and made the 15 minute drive home, tripping. The entire time I drove, I was only focused on getting home. I knew I needed it more than anything. I needed to get home, I needed to tell my housemates I was tripping, and I needed to get the fuck out of that library. Luckily, I got home safe, and went inside my house. I struggled to tell my housemates what just transpired, and they very skeptically believed me; mostly because they told me my pupils were huge. They told me to sit on the couch and relax, and they hung out with me for the day so they could watch me and make sure I was okay. This was at about 3 PM. For the next two hours, I sat on the couch, and forgot about the massive amounts of work I had to do for the next day, but didn’t do. We watched a movie, and it calmed me down for the next few hours. At 5 o’clock, I could feel the comedown. When I sobered up between 5-6 PM, I knew that I had experienced an acid trip. The comedown of an acid trip is so distinct, that I knew it couldn’t have been anything else. But, the delusional effects of the acid were way more apparent to me than any hallucinogenic effects. At most, the hallucinogenic effects I had were small light variations and a small amount of wiggling on different objects. It honestly just felt like a took a lower dose of acid than I usually take, because it only lasted 5 hours as well. The reason I don’t think it was HPPD either, was because this was a full fledged trip feeling. The extensive research ive been doing since yesterday has mostly told me that HPPD doesn’t last a long time, and its only symptoms are hallucinogenic. Should I be concerned that this happened? Is there an alternative explanation about whats going on? I know so many sources online have told me that acid flashbacks have been debunked and they are fake, but this truly happened to me yesterday and I have no idea why. I was thinking of talking to a specialist or doctor, but I wouldn’t know where to start. I just don’t want it to happen again, to be honest. Any thoughts or comments?TLDR; I went to the library at 12 to start writing a paper for class, struggled to read or write, freaked out in the library, and figured out I was tripping based on the symptoms I had. Most of it was delusional and not hallucinogenic. EDIT: Thanks so much everyone for the responses. It's starting to get clearer to me that I didn't have an acid flashback, I just interpreted my symptoms as one. It's made me feel better too, and I think I should relax and chill out for a while before doing anything else. Sorry for misrepresenting myself. 
Milk has a good amount of opioid peptides in comparison to other foods which also contain them like soybeans, spinach (which is why some milk drinkers love the stuff and drink it all the time - it's a 'natural' pain reliever) Opioid peptides potentiates benzosSource: in the healthcare profession (not getting more specific than that) 
Hi guys. So quite often I am surrounded by irresponsible drug users. Just today I was told that a friend of a friend took a random pill at a party, thought it was weed then got freaked out and called and ambulance.How do you deal with people like this and teach them about safety without coming across like a know-it-all douche?
I've recently come into a supply of 100 mg of fentanyl hcl powder that I'm planning to use to create a nasal spray. My plan is to dilute this mass volumetrically to make dosing accurate and safe. By dissolving the 100 mg in 100 mL of a saline and glycerol type solution, the concentration of fentanyl in solution would be 1 mg/mL. Using a nasal spray pump that delivers 0.1 mL/dose, that would yield a dose of 100 mcg of fentanyl per dose. I understand the dangers involved with handling pure fentanyl powder and will be taking all necessary precautions including gloves, mask, etc. to minimize risk of accidental exposure. My only question is in regard to the water solubility of fentanyl hcl. After a lot of research, I was only able to find solubility data on fentanyl freebase and fentanyl citrate. I have some background chemistry knowledge and understand that each of these forms will have different solubility. The freebase, for example, has a water solubility of 200 mg/L, which is quite low. And that is why the freebase is not what is used in pharmaceutical applications. My understanding is that fentanyl hcl is much more water soluble. But how mcuh more water soluble is it? Will 100 mg dissolve into 100 mL? If so, will it dissolve at room temperature or does heat need to be applied? Does using a saline and glycerol solution instead of water change the calculus in anyway? Basically, I'm needing to know solubility information of fentanyl hcl. I was told this would be a good place to ask. Thanks for the help.
The last time I did, I sat in my room with my TV going and just let my mind wander, but this time I want to make sure I see beautiful thingsPreferably looking for long videos, playlists or albums I can lie there and listen to without any of the songs giving me the creeps.
1st is most important, have any of you had experience going to work on a bad lsd comedown, I'm about to do something similar. LOUD LOUD Stomach rumblings and pain/butterflies. Scared, don't know what to do, sleep won't work I have less than an hour.2nd, how do I face literally everyone after everything embarrassing that happened (most mortifying night)I deserve this, I got too comfortable and disrespectful to LSD, but I need help!Thank you
Just wondering if this is normal.i realize already I dosed too high, but I won't be doing it again for another 4-5mo. Both time I've tried Molly I've taken 1000mg magnesium beforehand, 2 pills of alpha-lipoic acid at start and on first redose , and 5htp at end of night. I've never experienced the "nasty comedown" though, even at this high dose. I feel great the next day, even feeling like I was still rolling. Is this bc of the pills I'm taking? I also never thought it was that intense this last time, even though it was really pure. Is it possible that it degraded in my freezer over the past 4mo?
me and some friends drink a lot and i'd say probably once or twice a week one of them breaks out some coke and shares it with the others. i've never really considered doing it myself (and frankly been a slight buzzkill from time to time about it) but idk, the more time goes on, the more i kinda feel like i might as well. i'm still a little hesitant but with how the others seem to be fine from doing it on occasion, it seems pretty doable, and idk i suppose it's something more to bond over, not to mention i could stop being the goody 2 shoes who occasionally hates on them for using. but when I research it, it seems more dangerous than it seems when they do it in front of me. none of them have had any scares, but i read in some places how small doses can be dangerous and how a lot of people die from their first time... not sure what to think. i mean i have low blood pressure and my dad's family definitely has a solid amount of drug use over the years. then again my mom's heart has skipped before... fuck it sorry for the rant but what do you guys think? should i just go for it? i have a feeling i'll get downvoted for this but i promise i come in peace, just wondering if you guys have anything to say that might add some clarity to my understanding of it all.
So...long story short me and my girlfriend got some MDMA. I've used a good amount before with numerous people and have used other psychedelics even more commonly. What happened with my girl I have never before seen in my life. My girlfriend it seemed was caught in a type of thought loop or psychosis induced by a mix of anxiety and MDMA. We took the MDMA and talked for a while then me and her went with a friend to go smoke weed. After we came back to my apartment and chilled on my bed and talked. Everything was going fine, we were having a good time. We both took fairly low doses. Each about .05-.1 deff not more than .15. So it's towards the end of the night and I'm not feeling a thing but my girlfriend can't stop talking. She keeps going over an idea in her head that I couldn't really understand. By the way the idea was basically that life is 100% meaningless with no exceptions. She literally couldn't stop talking and trying to explain it. She sent about 300-500 word paragraph in a text to her father about her thoughts. (wasn't a problem as he used to do drugs like us he was just concerned.)So this continued till about 4-5 in the morning, when I finally got her to sleep. The next day she seemed fine but she said the idea she had still made sense to her. 3-4 days later she didn't even think about the idea anymore. So what the fuck happened? Was she just have an anxiety attack mixed with MDMA high? Was it some sort of mental disorder execrated by the MDMA? Should I let her try other drugs? I take LSD fairly often and her seeing me on it makes her want to try it a lot. I'm concerned of this for numerous reasons, she has a mild heart condition and based on the MDMA I can't tell if mentally she could handle it. So yeah, any idea guys? I'm just looking for a little help/discussion of what this could of been and could have caused it. TL;DR - Girlfriend took MDMA with me, couldn't stop talking and kept going on and on about some idea she had that life is 100% meaningless. Is this reaction from a mental disorder or bad drugs?
I am a fairly experienced tripper who has worked mostly with mushrooms. I have tried LSD twice. I climbed a mountain on approximately 150ug, and had an unfortunately underwhelming trip. The second time I took 200ug at a party, and I had a beautiful experience. This was around 6 months ago. Recently, I have felt a strong urge to revisit LSD but go further this time. I don't have a lot of free time so I would like to optimize my upcoming opportunity to have free time to trip. How can I get the most out of an LSD experience without being reckless? (Dosage, preparation, etc.) I have a very reputable source so I can choose an exact dosage.

They are each only 5mg, but I have some that are 30 mg and long lasting. Both come in capsules and have little beads inside, but the beads are significantly smaller than vyvance. Could I crush these beads into a powder, or mix them with another pill such as xanax for a nice time at a rave this weekend ?
It's the holidays soon and I want to make a few firecrackers for Christmas like I do every year but since I only really smoke shatter now I want to try and make firecrackers with shatter. Does anyone have a good recipe for firecrackers made with BHO? Also what is a good amount of shatter per firecracker
Not much happened, just a lot of visuals and patterns. Some color changing and a LOT of warping. Didn't really fall into any kind of loop or rabbit hole, except when I walked into the hallway in my house without turning on the light. That was kinda crazy.Anyway, most of the time I just watched One Punch Man and Dragon Ball with my roommates and laughed a lot. Also, I really recommend watching One Punch Man while tripping. Every fight scene with Genos is spectacular.Also, it was acid. I was tripping on acid.Just felt like someone else should know, thanks guys! 😎✌Ninja edit: spelling.

I'm 30 years old, and was diagnosed with ADD in 1993. I'm in between Primary Care Providers and the appointment with my new primary care provider is not for 2 weeks. I took my last Vyvanse today and am currently looking for tips on how to get through the next couple weeks. It's been a while since I've gone that long without my medication. I have a wife and 2 kids, and I'm just afraid this is not going to go well for the 2 weeks I have without my medication. When I asked my Dr office what I should do, they did not have any suggestions and told me I would just need to wait it out. Unfortunately if I can't focus at work or home, it will be a catastrophe. &nbsp;Alternatives I've read about: * Caffeine pills * sudafed* asking for recommendations at a vitamin store &nbsp;or I can just suck it up. &nbsp;Sudafed doesn't sound safe to me but I'd like someone's  advice on that.&nbsp;Should I just suck it up? Or is there a safe temporary alternative that will at least help until my doctors appointment?
Newbie to Reddit here! I been wanting to do either PCP or Formaldehyde but I wanna know which one is safer. And also, I would like to know how to make either one of them or where to get it at least. Thanks!
(I like to write on speed, hate the bloody comedown, getting back into it after 4 years (Amph Pills) just wrote this after smoking/snorting a good deal of decent crystal for like my third time, LOL. Just realized I have no idea how to format reddit for like a poem, bear with me.) Rock Bottom?  sinking and rising  explosions of ecstasy and agony  from icy flesh to fiery heights  guess I'm a sadomasochist  Wallowing in blood and cum  with a rig in my arm, a straw in my nose, and a opium suppository up my ass  Rock Bottom?  I think I'm here/there/ were?  so spot me a twenty, I'm going to town  gonna sink down, so low down  don't cry, don't holler, don't shout, I'm feeling good honey, and I'm gonna work it all out........ ......(Hail Lou Reed)......I gotta bad self esteem as it is so don't criticize this piece of trash too bad.
yo guys, they say this is one of the most euprohric benzos , form what ive researched. ive tryed it before but only like 20-30mg. had me feeling nice and then went to sleep. good buzz. now as for recreational use, what do you guys think? dose wise, and what do u feel?  thanks , i have 25 pills
I'm planning on taking 150ug of LSD this weekend and then eating a 200mg brownie once I start to come down. I've never had an edible before, but I do know they like to sneak up on you and are much more potent than smoking. I'm also fairly lightweight with drugs, so I was thinking of taking a small 20-30mg bite out of the brownie just to keep the peak going for a few more hours. I will have friends with me while I do this (I've tripped with all of them before multiple times so I'm comfortable).
This brown crystal. What a time to be alive where chemists can construct something so powerful. Having three 4-HO-MET, one LSD, and two mushroom experiences under my belt, it was time to go deeper into a warped headspace of fracticality and explore the beauty of human thought. Two books come into play throughout this experience which I highly recommend: Better Never To Have Been by Benatar and Code by Petzoid.17:00: 27mg 4-AcO-DMT capsuled with ginger aleEffects arose after 40 minutes. My thoughts were bouncing and intertwining off of each other. I thought about how primal it would be to have a girl over and setting down rules for a sexual experience. Each take same dosage of psychedelic and wait until the effects kick in. Move to the bedroom where no talking is permitted. Turn on predetermined music and let go. Shower together, wrestle, cuddle, fuck, hold hands, bite, love, suck, push, pull, take, receive. Experience all the fractal world has to offer while your minds bend into one.18:00: I stumbled across Zdzislaw Beksinski's work and was moved by most of them. One particularly caught my interest: http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/20/Untitled_painting_by_Zdzislaw_Beksinski_1984.jpgSince my last LSD trip, my compassion and empathy had been extreme. 19:00: No noticeable change in thought processes or visuals. Decided to bump it up a notch. 20mg 4-HO-MET capped + 11mg 4-AcO-DMT insulfated. I tasted the AcO and it had a surprising sweet taste, much like a tangerine. I did not become and orange though. Prepare for liftoff.The painting triggered the thought of all the suffering humanity endures. Whether it is famine, war, or torture, my mind began to contemplate why this world is full of suffering. This linked my reading of Better Never to Have Been. The asymmetry presented in the book, concluding that bringing a being into existence is always morally impermissible, lead me to think about what my parents had done. I felt trapped. I was always depressed throughout existing. I tried killing myself when I was nine. I felt ashamed my parents had brought me into the world. Regardless of the love they have for me, I can't help but wish they never conceived me. Thoughts of seeds and spores, the potentials of life, were linked to these thoughts. What triggers life? It is no coincidence that our star was/is worshipped as a god, for it brings forth all life. The star’s expulsion of huge energy coupled with conditions on the planet triggers the birth of life, the sprouting of seeds. It is the seeds that contain the potential for suffering. I contemplated what triggers chemical reactions. I am not well versed in chemistry but the book Code came to mind. Electrons. Light. Photons. According to our conception of atoms, these electrons move from one atom to another based on different polarities. Positive attracts negative and vice versa. I thought these opposites are the gears of the universe. Positive and negative. Light and dark. Space and matter. "What can I do to stop suffering". It became clear I had to make a statement, if only for myself. Be the change you want to see in the universe. What do you want to universalize? I wanted to end reproduction. A vasectomy I thought. Then I thought it would be better to have both testicles removed as well as the sack flesh, a peculiar sight indeed. Of course no one would need know of this controversial procedure. The loss of testosterone would be a sad thought, but erections and orgasm can still function. I thought about a story of a man rising to political power through manipulative means. The rest of the story is jumbled, but the ending was his family surrounding him. A timer was set to instantaneously obliterate the world. They all huddled together. Some crying tears of joy, some melancholy, and some fear. What a peaceful thought, to go out with all of your loved ones. I was bawling at this point and proceeding to take a shower. I sat in the shower with the plug down forming a small bath. I laid down in the fetal position and cried thinking why was I born. I finished my shower, dried myself off, and laid down in bed listening to my playlist. Our minds are logic gates of electric signals. A binary system of sending and receiving. Much like RAM in a computer, our minds store different electrical signals. I thought how it could be possible that, like others have said, existence is a simulation. All of the thoughts you have had, all of the memories you have formed, all of the sensations you have felt are recorded in a massive database outside our conception. Once we meet death, a review is had where you view all of your thoughts and intentions. I devised a story where a group of jurors views your thoughts and intentions in the simulation and gives a verdict for increased pleasure or suffering in whatever form. An interesting story indeed. Perhaps I will write that one day when my writing isn't shit.I was unaware of the time. I looked at my ceiling seeing rainbow fractals all around. Closing and opening my eyes was the same view of rainbow fractals with a faint background of shadows and light. I thought about the classic misconception of "You only use 10% of your brain". Certain areas of your brain fire at different times, much like a traffic light. I believed that these chemicals make different regions interact, forming connections that were never there before. Perhaps the electrons that trigger the optical nerve chain is flooded with electrons from different parts of the brain, forming these strange rainbow perceptions. Laying there my mind was practically empty of thought. I only perceived these fractals. Eventually I checked the time and it was 2:30. I became tired and slowly went to sleep.42/10 Highly Recommend
so... my group of friends finally got our hands on some MDMA crystals. it was all our first time, we all measured our douses ranging from 140-180mg, i belive i was the one doing the smallest dose wich was 140mg.long story short, pretty much had one of the best experiences i have ever had. the euphoria was indescribable. we kept talking about stories of how we first met, and all the random shit we have done. we pretty much all opened up to eachother. and i felt i could say pretty much annything, no anxiety or nothing just extremly fucking happy and at peace with everything. tho there were a couple of things that happend that im kind of curious about.there were 4 of us that took the mdma. 3 of us puked on the come up. including me, i didn't really get nauseous or annything. i felt kinda dizzy and like 5 seconds after i went out to get some fresh air, i just puked everywhere. tho as soon as i was done puking, it just felt like i fucked 100 models and won the lottery. i usally hate puking, but didn't mind this time. is puking normal on mdma?also the smallest one of us who took the biggest dose had constant eye rolling. it was so creepy to look at. googled this later and seems like it was common on M.Now, since everyone enjoyed the experince we wanted to extend it. so we did a redose (70-80mg) each.the thing is we got our M from 2 different sources. first one had very brownish crystals and the second one more white ish but still hints of brown. we started with the brown one and redosed with the white. no we did not test it (i know.. we'r stupid) but they came both from highly trusted sources.the brown one felt pretty much completly normal and was an awsome experience. but when we redosed... like an hour or 2 later i kinda picked up that the walls was "breathing" just a tiny bit, and whenever i would look at my phone, the letters where clearly moving. i would compare it to some of the same visuals i got on acid. i still got the same euphoric effect from the white one, but both me and all my other friends we'r getting pretty clear hallucinations. not in an unpleasent way, but kinda in a fun way.so 90% sure the white one was cut with something, any ideas with what?and is puking normal?ignore my shit grammar.
Had this experience with memory retrieval, tried to search the net and found some things on "Enhanced Episodic Memory" but all too scientific, so I came here to search stories but found very little on this subject, I thought I'd give a description of my experiences and hopefully find similar stories. Lately when trying a more potent strain of weed, I had 3 different occasions (out of 4 times high) of Memory retrieval that was simply amazing. It started with this kaleidoscopic fragments of thoughts and memories that I started to jump in and out of them quickly and then with a bit of effort I was able to stick to one for a bit longer and then move on to another, and I started a chain of memory retrieval.I not only remembered things long forgotten, but I literally re-lived and felt those moments that were buried so deep in my consciousness. I retrieved many memories from when I was a child and even from when I was an infant.During the experience, I had this funny feeling that the memories have been there the whole time, but it would just be made available to me through an altered state of consciousness. For some of the memories, I knew I had already re-visited it before, I could feel it was the 2nd or 3rd time I was back there reliving that memory, perhaps I did it before through dreams... I am not sure. Playing along with this experience I got good at it. Some memories I was able to explore deeper than others and then I got to visit memories that I know is not from this life, yet was all too familiar... Was really weird to experience those, but not be able to place those people, environment and feelings in this life... Could it be that one of the effects of the high is to make me  believe that some random thought was a memory? And there is also this one amazing feeling I just cannot forget, when I was drifting away from some special memories, I had this conviction that the memory was a treasure kept for a reason, it had shaped who I am today and that I would always be able to come back and experience it again, someday, somehow, through a dream or a trip or mediation, or whatever... That was incredible.Anyone with similar stories? Have you been able to reach memories that you just can't place them in this life? 
I am confused and quite shocked about this and wondering if anyone had similar experiences or any explanation for this. I was on a very small amount of shrooms and also somewhat stoned and decided to snort just a little of ketamine, roughly 20-40mg's. I've taken bigger doses from the same batch before feeling just fine, not even having that powerful experiences with them.Maybe a minute after snorting the K, I start to feel lightheaded very fast and in a matter of seconds I lose my consciousness and fall backwards on the bed. I don't know for how long I was unconscious but it felt like a quite short while, then suddenly I see a bright flash of light, my ears start to ring loudly and I awake to a feeling that I am having a seizure, my whole body spasms uncontrollably, it doesn't last for longer than a moment and then I fall to the floor shaking in panic, my heart is beating irregularly and I am on the verge of fainting for ~5-10 minutes and considering calling the emergency number, but then finally start to feel a bit better, but am lightheaded for the next hour.What the hell happened to me?
So I just got 2 grams of coke from my guy and it's not breaking up - it's clumped up and when I break it down with my card it just sticks to the card, if I run a lump between my fingers it just leaves a trail of moisture
Hey guys, so today I took 30mg of adderall IR. I am currently in full phase of the comedown, so I decided to take some kratom because it typically helps alleviate it. I took 2 grams of White Maeng Da about an hour ago, and now there is an odd tingling sensation encompassing the top and back of my brain that is not going away. My friend had a seizure a few months ago so I am very anxious/worrysome when it comes to side effects of drugs concerning the head. The tingling is constant, not coming in waves. I ate an apple after taking my kratom and am currently eating pizza and drinking water. Should I be concerned or just ride it out? Is tingling of the brain indicative of a potential seizure? I have Xanax on hand but am waiting to save it for sleep later tonight.
I haven't really done anything that wasn't weed in the past few months, and it's left me kinda nostalgic for all my experiences in the past year or so. Since I listened to it on my first tip, every time I play Future Days by Can I get really nostalgic for my DXM trips last winter. I haven't done shrooms in over a year or so either but I've been reminiscing about my experiences in a relative positive way. 
I took 4mg of alp with 10 expresso shots and 3 caps of Kratom extract. I would say that this combo is very clear headed for me and not too sedative either. And yes I went a little overboard on the caffeine lol. Hopefully this post is long enough now. P.S.: I may drink a little in a few hours after everything else had tapered off. I'll update the post on how I feel then. 
My friend got DMT for the first time and he needs to figure out what the easiest way to smoke it. We dont smoke crack or anything that harsh so our lungs probably wouldnt be able to handle smoking it out of a glass rose.  He need to find a simple yet easy way for him to break through the first time he tries it without loosing any. He has been doing research but he can't choose what to do. Does anyone have any helpful information or experience?
About 2 months ago my plug set me up to get robbed to get some shit back. I didnt know this at the time but later found out he was behind it. I passive aggressively told him to "fuck off" pretty much and not hit my line again. I kept going after that under "new management" and life was great. But then once again at gun point this time got robbed (unrelated from my plug). After this i chose to stop dealing and just focused on me. Now I get in a fight with an old "friend" at school and who does he call for back up? My old plug. And my old plug beats the shit out of me. (I was 90% of his income so he was pissed when I moved on) After that nothing really has gone on between me and him or the kid I got in a fight with and im trying to dislocate myself from the whole dealer circle forever. Im scared that my old plug will eventually come back to bite me in the ass before or even after I leave for college, seeing as im staying in state. All of this has really fucked with my head and I need to get it all out somewhere. Im in my own head all the time almost like PTSD after having all these guns attached to my neck. I know he wont ever fuck with me again cause he has no reason to. But I have an irrational fear of this stuff now. Sorry if this isnt a good post, I'm mostly a lurker.
So correct me if I'm wrong, but I heard that there is no cross tolerance between these drugs (taking MDA will not increase tolerance to MDMA and vice versa). Just wanted to check on here to find out if there's any truth to this?
Hi,I've been thinking of doing acid for 6 months now after speaking to so many friends about their experiences. I am currently in my last year of school and have till May for my GCSE's.I wanted to wait till a festival in summer to do acid but my best friends are going to try it this weekend and have asked me if I wanted to try it with them. Some of them have done it many times before and some none. I'm really thinking of doing it as i don't want to be at some crazy festival having a bad trip for my first time as I wouldn't know what to expect and i also don't want to do it before the festival after my GCSE's because i feel like i shouldn't be doing it that frequently. My problem is, I am doing really well at school and don't want this to affect my exams? I've done MDMA a lot already but never a hallucinogenic (well i've smoked weed a lot of times but i don't think that really counts against acid) So does anyone who's had experienced with acid and GCSE's have any advice for me? I do find myself very strong minded and I've never been paralytic or in a bad state on anything.  
I felt immediate relief (also ADHD) when I was put on Lexapro 10 mg but didn't realize the toxic relationship I may have been in and how much money I was spending carelessly. Since 2013 every day I was on Lexapro until this past July when I failed bar exam my second time by only 10 points and my gf of 4 years left me. I saw a new doc who said I had comorbid bipolar and I was basically manic... shell shocked, still trying to recover but my biggest fear is what if he's wrong and I was fine. I remember having sex with my ex-gf who was the best looking girl I dated like every day on Lexapro and we both loved it, yet I felt wierd on it almost girly lol. Now I'm off of it, she's gone and I'm more manly like I use to be, but I sure as hell don't have that kind of confidence or presence anymore. How do you tell if it was helping you with anxiety and confidence VS mania? I could be on these bipolar meds (lamictal, lithium) for no reason. Just wanted to see who else experienced years on an SSRI and the horrid realizations coming off...
I'm confused with the dosages of Adderall compared to the the powder you get on the streets, I think best referred as 'Speed'. As I've read people dose Adderall in mg's(around 30-60 afaik) and yet when I buy speed, which is also amphetamine, I usually snort 200mg lines.So my question is roughly how many mgs of speed can be considered as a mg of Adderall?  Well this is concerning because I'd like to plug amphetamine(in the speed form, since Adderall isn't available to me) soon, and I don't have a single idea about dosing, since every article I've read is about Adderall.
I've never been on this med in particular so I would like to know what to expect. I've been on many types pf antidepressants before. Mostly in my teenage years, but after years of therapy and psychiatrists I was able to get off them. Now I haven't been on meds for around six years, so going back feels a bit scary. I know it's what I need and it'll be good in the end, but I'm really concerned about going back on meds. Side effects can be terrible and can actually be destabilising.My doctor prescribed Effexor XR for insomnia, but I'm also seeing that it's prescribed as an antidepressant. I'm curious because although I do struggle with depression I went in for insomnia this time. Then I look up the drug and it turns out it's mostly prescribed for depression (according to what I researched) and can cause insomnia. I'm feeling unsure about my doctor's decision. I'd appreciate any feedback about the effects and side effects of thia drug.Thank you!EDIT: Thank you SO much everyone! I can't tell you how helpful it was for me to read your experience. I think I'll go back to my doctor with these concerns before I start taking it. What a relief to be able to learn from other people's wisdom and experiences!
I had a trip that almost went completely south when I went for a walk outside on 170mcg, saw I was at least walking like I were totally sober, then saw one worrying stimulus and on my way back home feelsaw police cruisers with sirens on and officers from every which angle, guns and lasers pointed at me from all over, from an alternate universe where exercising so much control over my LSD caused it to backfire and put me in a psychotic rage at some pointI have absolutely found myself lucid enough to cook and clean at those doses, but on asking other friends I've tripped with they describe no control at all. Being out and about in the daily public at those levels sketches me the hell out but I find myself wanting to do it every time. I just want to know how functional somebody should be on anywhere from 50 to 250mcg

Hello r/drugs! Long time lurker and first time poster here but I figured someone on the Internet would know better than me. I recently ordered 7 grams of fermented kanna powder and I was going to put it into capsules because that's how I've taken Kratom and other substances over time. I was curious as to if this is the best way to get the most out of the kanna? I have never tried kanna before until this time but I know it can also be snorted or smoked/vaped, thank you for the responses as they are greatly appreciated. Also does kanna work like kava where it has to be built up in your system for a few days to feel the best effects or can you feel the full effects the first time trying it?
Two weeks ago, Tuesday: 90mg of Adderall orally over the course of 5 hours with 10mg snorted redose 12 hours laterOne week ago, Wednesday and Friday: 90mg Adderall all at once, 110mg Adderall all at onceThis past week, Friday-Today: 45mg oral/15mg snorted on Friday, 30mg snorted on Saturday, 45mg oral/15mg snorted on Sunday, 5-10mg snorted today.What's the forecast boys? Permanent dopa receptor damage or what? Depression and retardation for weeks to come? A nigh invincible tolerance? Borderline psychosis?And I still have two finals to go :D
my gf and i were on the perfect amount of acid, coke, pot, alcohol, and xanax and had an amazing foursome w/ two other guys who were on a similar perfect cocktail. listened to the weeknd's new album 3 times during it. it was one of the most beautiful experiences of my life. just wanted to share.
Not a common user of cannabis, every now and then, never really been into it.Well I smoked with a friend a little over a month ago. Was not any more than I have done before, and probably the first time in several months. This shit had to have had something else in it.I don't know what it was, but it really got in my head and I freaked out. I saw myself and what time was. And biggest thing is it really made me wonder what life is. Okay so maybe it wasn't all that bad, but damn am I still thinking about it today. I'm still wondering what life is, the meaning of it and why we're here. Or is everything we are an illusion? Is life only my conscious mind? (meaning an illusion and we aren't real) What happens when we die? are we reborn in a new body and don't remember what the past life was, Have I been doing this for generations and not even know it? or do we just go in an endless sleep and we're done? I thought for a minute if I ended everything if it would actually be over or if it couldn't ever be escaped. I know  its just a bunch of questions that really cant be answered but it still gets me today, and I did not like it at all. Ive really been wondering about my future and haven't quite been the same since, and from time to time I still just sit back and think. How I was that night and how I saw everything as a movie, and we weren't real. Any ways to help me get off of this? to move on and not worry about this? I feel like im overreacting but I gotta say something. I haven't really said it all and how i felt because right now I'm not in that mood where I'm depressive and thinking about this.
So I'm a security guard at a casino. I take my job seriously when needed. I'm also a very big advocate for responsible drug use. I haven't taken anything beyond a hit of acid and a couple hydros in months. It sucks but I will never lose my love of psychedelics. Well recently a guy got hired and I've been training him. He absolutely does not give a shit about the job. He constantly brags to me about how he is an opiate addict and that he isn't going to be here long. Only sticking around until the holiday season is over. I love talking about drugs. Yes opiates arnt my cup of tea. Doesn't mean I don't respect the responsible user of said drugs. Now the question. Am I an asshole  for wanting to drop hints to upper management that this guy is just a leach? Should I even say anything? We work with over a $100,000 on a daily basis. Yet he comes in high on percs like its nothing. He was even telling me he is going to start working through his ounce or so of glass he just got in the mail. Maybe I shouldn't even worry about him. Let him do his own. I just feel like training him for the first three months I'm going to be responsible for anything he fucks up on while high. I just want some input on whether I should worry or not.
Im fucking terrified r/drugs, I'm too young to have a kid. I dont know what in the fucking shit I would do if that happened to me. Words of encouragement are appreciated, similar experiences, anything. Just help calm me down. (I also have a stash of 5 bars in case I go into full blown panic mode)
i really want to hear your opinion on what coke and mdma. you could even add a little story in there if you want. i've done a quite a bit of research on these topics but nothing to crazy, i want to know the harmful effects before i experiment with anything. which do you prefer also? which one is better for which occasion? and what does mdma power look like?thanks
Since I haven't seen any information online about combining DCK with a DOx, I figure I might as well write a report about my experience last weekend. I have done DOM one time prior to this experience at 2.5 mg, and DCK quite a few times (gone through three grams so far). I had been doing DCK for a few days before this experience, so tolerance might have been a factor by the time I had this experience. Anyways, I dropped 5 mg of DOM right when I woke up (probably around 10) and within an hour and a half I started feeling super nauseous and ended up throwing up (not that weird, I normally throw up every time I trip no matter what it is), after which I started tripping fairly hard. The body high was pretty intense at first, like similar to a high dose of LSD, but leveled out after a half hour to this really gentle almost roll like feeling. I was on the phone with my friend the first little bit that I was tripping, and I literally could not hold a conversation, which is weird as I normally can function fairly well on LSD and other classic psychedelics. I kept getting distracted by these really organic geometric patterns spreading over everything and I had horrible short term memory (it kind of felt like I was extremely stoned). Just to give you an idea of how far I was gone, my friend started playing his guitar and I literally thought it was the sound of my ear against the couch. After attempting to talk to him for a while, I hung up, and things started getting extremely introspective. I became convinced that I was literally starving to death and my body was disintegration, so I ate almost an entire jar of peanut butter to save myself. I also got really paranoid that my sink was breeding some weird sort of bacteria that was going to cause a human apocalypse, so I scrubbed it down while tripping out about the fact that my poor cleaning habits was going to destroy humanity. Normally I'm fairly clear headed on psychedelics and don't tend to fall into that sort of irrational thinking, but this time I was convinced all that was happening. I remember staring at a rug on my kitchen floor and watching the evolution of all living things being displayed on it, the whole experience felt extremely spiritual, closer to mescaline in that regards then LSD. After my sink was satisfactorily clean, I calmed down quite a bit, so obviously it would be a good idea to kick things up a notch, right? I weighed out 50 mg of DCK, turned on futurama, and snorted it over the course of ten minutes. This is when things got extremely weird, I seriously became Fry, I had no idea that I had any other life besides that, it was fucking crazy. I thought the entire fate of everything was on me (Fry) and I somehow linked it to the bacteria I thought was growing in my sink. After like 4 episodes, I became self aware. At first I was really happy, but then I started thinking that the life I went back to was a TV show too, and I only existed because something was watching me. I felt like I was literally the only person in the universe and my apartment was this little square of existence floating in oblivion. I turned around to look out the window behind my couch, and I completely ceased to exist. I was (or was in, or a part of, I can't explain it), this infinite but extremely small white light, no concept of time or existence in any way, just this light for who knows how long. When I gained awareness, I felt like I had just died, but was put back into a body in order to tell people about what is beyond this. I was fairly manic for the rest of the night, until I got to bed at 6:00 am. Overall, the visuals were super interesting, sort of similar to the detailed geometry you get on acid, but more “natural” if that makes sense and got kind of blurry/took up more of my visual field after dosing the DCK. The head fuck was pretty heavy, but at the same time it didn’t feel as forced as acid. If I was distracting myself, I could barely notice that I was tripping, but once I stopped doing something, I would fall into bizarre thought loops. It was definitely a worthwhile experience though, I would recommend this combination. 
I'm going through a rough time in my life and have barely been able to sleep at all, it sucks so bad because not only do I have to lay in bed all night awake but I feel like shit the entire next day. Anyways when I take a bar before bed I can actually fall asleep and I feel so much better the next day, I'm thinking about just doing this until I can fall asleep on my own again but am a little worried about becoming dependent on them, what do you guys think?
I self identify as an eightball of methamphetamine. ( Somehow "I was unable to find information on this in /r/Drugs/wiki/drugs.")
I found some Kava extract at Whole Foods, and I was like, "Hmm, it's a muscle relaxer and a natural benzo, let me give it a shot." At the time, I had a fucked up shoulder and back, because I did something stupid that I don't remember on Ambien a few nights back. So I decided to give the Kava a try, even though I was skeptical. It's liquid gel pills, so I take like 7 in order to get even the smallest buzz out of it. Within thirty minutes, I was completely at ease, my shoulder/back was not in agony, and I was enjoying a night of watching FilthyFrank vids. I know it sounds like pussy shit, but it was really nice. A great thing to use to relieve my anxiety and put me to bed or help me crash when I do stims.
I did DMT as my first psychedelic ever, for like a year now I've been wanting to do acid or something, always talking to people who have and asking them what it's like and stuff but nothing prepared me for the actual trip, it was beautiful and I feel like I understand things I learned better now, IDK, butit was definetly the best 7 minutes of my life XP
I really don't need this many. I am 4 weeks out from knee surgery so the doctor wanted to give me something for the pain in the meantime. I expected maybe 30 Vicodin, but was blown away when he handed me a script for 600 total Tramadols spread over 5 refills. I've done a little searching here and it sounds like they can be pretty fun. I just have no idea why he prescribed so many to me. 
So my friend(18) is becoming a full fledged tweaker, so much so that he starting looking in Hus carpet for meth and was seeing and hearing shit. He also thought our mutual friend was fucking her boyfriend in his van while he was in there. I'm worried as fuck about him but I'm not sure what to do. I was thinking an intervention but I don't want him to think we're turning on him. Any advice?
So i smoke quite often and when i do i realize everything im doing wrong and have some self insight i apologize to my girlfriend for whatever dumb arguement was started if we argued i have anger problems btw and it has helped i feel like i see what im saying to other people and have a filter again. Also i tend to want to clean up alot when high so it helps me clean up my house when i have no motivation i do it without even realizing have the time its great.
So Tomorrow I have an exam in one of my harder classes at what I thought was 2pm, and I had an exam this morning at 8am (is usually wake up at around noon-ish, if that makes a difference). My original plan was to take a 30mg adderall XR at about 1:30pm (I already have), then study for the exam and work on one of my papers from about 2:00pm to maybe 3am, then waking up to go take the final. I would take an IR pill somewhere during that study session.The problem is that I just found out that the exam is actually at 8am, which causes a few problems:1) If I go to bed on time to get a proper night sleep, I would likely need to take a benzo or some other sleep aide to go to bed on time. Doing this I would still probably be pretty tired tomorrow, because I did the same thing last night for an exam this morning and had a pretty easy day the night before.2) Going to bed on time also takes away from valuable studying time that I was depending on to properly prepare myself. This is one of my hardest exams so I need to be as prepared as possible, while also being as awake as possible, because the class is extremely competitive and the test is designed to take longer than the allotted time.What plan of action would you recommend?1) Cut my losses, study as much as I can and go to bed at 11:30 or 12:00 (which may be hard, as I have trouble going to sleep this early anyways)2) stay up the whole night, taking small doses of IR adderall every several hours, and go into the exam wired.3) find some BS excuse to take the exam later. (I don't want to do this for a few reasons but I may as well mention it)If I go with the second plan, my sleep cycle will be messed up but my only other commitments for the semester is a paper and an exam in the afternoon on Thursday, which I can work with. Are there any issues with staying up for 26+ hours straight with 22 of those hours being fueled by adderall? Will the lack of sleep catch up to me that early if I continue to does intelligently? if so how should I dose? I have 30mg XR and 20mg IR that I like to split in half.

I often feel like weed exacerbates my feelings of anxiety and depression, and I think it all comes back to the simple notion that I'm almost entirely friendless, among other issues bothering me. I have no idea how to meet new people outside of a classroom setting, and I find that most people I've encountered who are confined to that space aren't very good people, or we simply just don't have a lot in common.There are thoughts that my brain produces, and they tend to put me in a negative headspace, setting a bad precedent for the rest of the night. No matter what I do, shit's always creeping at the back of my mind, even if I'm not actively thinking about it.I also feel like I'm never honest with myself, and that I – and others around me – should seek to be more open and direct. I sometimes feel that just being completely uninhibited and open with the thoughts plaguing my mind, as well as expressing them, helps quite a bit, but I don't know if this is necessarily the only way to remedy these feelings.Is there any way I can be helped? I'm not interested in discontinuing my use by any means, as I know it can be great and there have been quite a few times where it's just pure solace.I don't even smoke everyday, usually just a few times on the weekend—I don't *really* feel like marijuana is fucking with me on a functional level. Sometimes I even think it comes down to the setting—just at home in my room after ducking out to light up, usually at night which doesn't help either.Thanks for reading, all responses will be appreciated.EDIT: I should also mention that I have anxieties relating to the thought that perhaps I started smoking too young (started at 15, currently on the verge of 17), and that I've burned out any chances of me being able to enjoy it in the future.
How long after taking kratom can I safely take my focalin? I'm prescribed it for ADD and I know there are probably some weird interactions with kratom as both lower the seizure threshold and kratom is kinda stimmy and affects serotonin.
And I'm wondering why..I'm the only one who has this and I asked so many people already. When I do a balloon it feels like my veins are imploding/exploding and I hear a loud clinging sound in my ears - I know how it  usually feels and sounds but this is different - and I'm sure going to die. By the time that feeling is gone I have a few seconds left of the high.Obviously I should just not do it and I almost never do  - I gave it a  try again last night. I did use other stuff as well but all people did that and had no issues whatsoever...I have no known medical condition (well, RSI and mental issues but I think unrelated to this..) except my bloodcirculation isn't too good and I'm not really fit due to a bad lifestyle for years... 
Hello..I'm going to I LOVE TECHNO in Montpellier and I would like to know if there will be easy to buy good MDMA (crystal preferably) and if you know the best places to buy it (inside or outside the festival?).Also, will be a place inside the event to test it?Thanks for your help!
So, New Years Eve is coming, and I'm looking forward to candyflipping on it.A bit of insight:I've done methylone (bk-mdma) once at an unknown dose (around 100mg), and I've done real MDMA once at 130mg orally + 65mg insufflated redose. I'm fairly expierenced with acid and I can handle myself on it pretty good. I also know pretty much everything about both drugs, so safety isn't my concern.I'm interested in tripping for ~8 hours and doing the MDMA at the very end.My perfect setup would be: 1. Taking the acid, tripping to ~8PM at max2. Taking the MDMA around 8PM on the comedown of the acid (orally 130mg, then saving 65 + 65, or just 65mg for insufflated redose some time in the roll)I'll also smoke like possibly alot of weed (that is a must for me, on psychedelics)Now, the main question is, are these dosages okay? And if so, would a trip dull the effects of MDMA? Or the other way, would MDMA bring back visuals and the "weirdness" around people, from the acid?

Had a conversation with my dad about psychedelic drugs a few days ago. He told me he liked mushrooms better than acid and that it was more of a body high where acid is a head high, and my friend says they're more emotional than acid. I've also been told mushroom visuals are more natural and round looking and everything looks brighter and more colorful and movement is followed by tracers and stuff, where acid is more straight edge patterns and such. I get how mushrooms trip you and you trip mushrooms and stuff, but I don't know what the actual differences in the experiences are besides these things. 
This is a throwaway. I'm sorry if this question has been asked before, I couldn't find a satisfying answer. I want to quit Tramadol (have been taking it for 10 months now) for good and I'm currently reducing my daily dose (right now it's 100 mg). Next week I want to reduce to 50 mg, in 2 weeks I want to stop taking it completely. I know that there will be withdrawal-symptomes and that the idea of fighting those with another potentially addicitive drug means replacing one evil with another. But my question is: is it technically possible, or will the withdrawl-symptoms return as soon as I stop taking Tilidin, which I only intend to take for like 2-5 days until the symptoms disappear. Thank you in adavance for your answers. 
I have been reading up on the effects and benefits to either taking magic mushrooms or lsd. Here on reddit i have been studying the subject, as far as i can see there are no negative effects with a one time only medium dose or micro dosing especially with people who are diagnosed with a terminal illness or psychological issues. I am wandering if someone could explain to me if it would be something worth doing as i am healthy, not depressed or have any mental health issues. Really I would like to hear from someone of the same age bracket same kind of health who could advise me on how they felt before and after either going for a trip or micro dosing. I have dabbled with a range of drugs and magic mushrooms or lsd is something that appeals to me. This is my first post on reddit and would love to hear from anyone with experience. Thanks
Please Help!!! Ok so a package was sent out to a friend USPS with the over night shipping option. Was several grams of concentrate. It was taken to the Post office and the next day the tracking stated that it hasnt even been dropped off at the post office. Checked it today and it says that it arrived at the local post office without any info on which stations it passed through.  There is no estimated delivery day anymore. Can anyone possibly shed some light on this?
This show is staggeringly beautiful. Sit back from the screen for the best tripping experience.https://gfycat.com/BiodegradableHelplessChickenStart with Episode 2 - Mountains if you want more shots like that
Bought some kava kava 70% extract pills from relaxed remedies a while ago. Took about 2.5g worth  this morning. Got invitation to have some fun with a friend and take some MDMA with him at 3 (in like an hour). I can definitely still feel it in my system. Should I pass? Will there be a bad interaction. 
I've been taking Kratom either everyday or every other day since around the beginning of October.  I like it's anti-anxiety/positive pushing effects it has on me, as well as it's effect on pain.Anyways... When I take it, doesn't matter what time of the day, I will have the craziest, deepest dreams that night.  It's like a maze, and the further and further I go in the dream, the closer I am to the center.With each phase of the dream, it feels like things get more intense, scenarios become more real and chaotic at the same time.  I'm usually with people who are close to me, and a lot of the time, they're in some sort of peril.There's airports, there's mountains, there's desert mountain ranges.  There's great loves, great loss, and greater distances traveled.  Every night, without fail, I have the most insane dreams when taking Kratom.I'm not used to this as I intake a lot of cannabis, and that generally either dulls your dreams, or you don't remember them, or they don't happen because of a slowed REM cycle.Has anyone else experienced this?
About to visit dr. for followup visit for add, already say psychiatrist and was prescribed 20mg xr. Interested in two things: 10mg ir for when xr wears off, sometimes in the late afternoon, and i still want to work, and possibly some anti-anxiety medication to help me sleep/ feel less anxious on, and off meds. Green tea does wonders but feel like xanax or something similar would be even more helpful. Any advice besides being honest with the man? Any alternatives to these issues? Loving the xr but feel like this medication setup could be even better. Thanks r/stimstl;dr: visiting doctor want more drugs what dalso any other helpful ideas medications to ask about that dr. may be open to prescribing? also any other legal non prescription alternatives? been exploring possibility of utilizing l-theanine supplements, 5 htp, etizolam etc
I find this intriguing. Everytime I take Zolpidem and stay up, I feel the need to draw. But just abstract shapes and forms. The drawings look much different from my usual drawings, better even. I become absorbed in the way the ink forms on the paper and how certain shapes look, and how they feel to draw. I thought it was interesting, any of you have this? or different things?Edit: https://imgur.com/a/1xjUT
You hear lots of bad stories about policemen, and many of us had trouble with the law in the past, but this weekend I was lucky enough to witness great police work on three different occasions.I am in the UK, in a city where (like many others in the ocuntry) the drinking/drugs culture is out of control.I was walking back home and once on saturday, and twice on sunday, i saw people pass out, one of which fell really badly and hit his head on concrete.Me and other bypassers went to check up on them to see how they were, and in each occasion police walked by, and I was really impressed by how well they handled the situation.In each case, 3 different pairs of policemen(and women) were extremely caring, humane, patient, kind, non judgmental, helpful, and all around great people, even though the people that were going in and out of consciousness because of mainly alcohol i assume (in one of the three cases different substances were definitely involved) were quite difficult to deal with.Just wanted to write this up as it was really nice and refreshing to see this, we think we live in a horrible world where everyone is out to get each other but there are so many nice people. Big shoutout to the other strangers that stopped to give assistance and make sure those people were ok.:)
I'm from Toronto, Canada (if it matters) and tomorrow I plan on going to a walk in clinic in an attempt to get prescribed promethazine and codeine syrup, hydrocodone syrup or something similar. A friend who I don't see anymore got prescribed hydrocodone syrup from a walk in clinic before and just said he had a bad cough that would keep him up at night and over the counter medications werent working. I was thinking of saying something similar, plus I can do a very sharp, dry cough that sounds quite bad and I plan to cough while in the clinic.are there any suggestions on things I can do/say that will make it more likely for me to get prescribed what I'm looking for? Thanks in advanced.
I'm visiting Berlin in a couple of months with some good friends and I'm curious about where to find drugs there. I guess weed would be relatively easy to find, as I've read on webehigh.org, but I've no idea about other drugs.I'm mainly interested in MDMA, speed and acid. Do I purchase md and speed inside clubs? Also where could I ask about acid? Thanks in advance
Hi, I'm an 18 year old guy from Argentina. I have quite a long story with cannabis consumption. I started when I was 14 and continued till today. It has always been my love. I tried other kinds of drugs like LSD, benzos, opiates and amphetamines. But I always stayed with cannabis. I've always been a chronic daily user, but my reality changed 6 months ago when my parents got me into rehab. I stopped smoking cannabis completely for 40 days, then I smoked just 1 hit of some mid grade cause I was a bit sad 'cause of some teenager shit. Then I stopped again and didn't smoke for 143 days. Quite an achievement for me although I didn't want to stop. I got to 143 days 11 days ago. Then, I smoked again, just one hit that got me pretty high for about 2 hours. Getting closer to the present day I smoked again last Friday night (3 days ago) I don't remember how much cause I was drunk, but I figure it was 2 hits or something like that, utterly disgusting weed that didn't even get me high. And now I can get to the point, I'm still in rehab to this day, and they think I'm clean. The thing is I am going to start working (it's an internship at a company) and my dad told me yesterday that I'm going to get tested. Urine blood and other sorts of shit I don't care about. My question for you is, am I going to test positive for cannabis? Bare in mind I'm 18, 1,82m and 72,5 kg. Thin, my metabolism is fast and I practice track and field regularly, (3 times a week sometimes more). I am scared shitless, If I test positive for weed I probably won't get the job, and my parents and rehab will kick the fuck out of my existence and I don't want that to happen. I just need some information to ease my mind, and if someone can share their own experience I'll be grateful. Thanks in advance everyone 
Hi guys, first time poster here. Last weekend (9 days ago, it's the following Monday now) I went to a friend's house and we took about 0.4g of MDMA, a few nitrous balloons, quite a lot of weed and a couple beers. We started at 11pm and the night was going great. Then around 7am towards the end of the night I must have had a bad reaction to something, and I started having a really weird almost psychedelic trip. Room spinning, letters moving, not fun. My mates went to sleep and awoke around 4pm, but for me these effects didn't wear off until I finally passed out at 10pm the next night after a joint. I couldn't sleep before this and was having really weird motion movements inside me. If anyone knows what this could have been please let me know, I'm almost certain it was the effects of the nos balloons mixed with the other drugs.I thought this would be the end of it waking up after an 11 hour sleep on Sunday morning, but I haven't felt myself since and it's almost a week and a half later. My vision is blurry and sensitive, and I have a lot of the visual snow (white dots) all the time. Similarly it is hard to concentrate due to this. I also have involuntary muscle twitches all over, more so when I sit still, and my whole body especially my hands and fingers are tingling / pulsing. This is unpleasant, especially at night when trying to sleep. I also get a weird crawling / motion feeling inside, although this seems to be the only things which has subsided a bit so far. Overall I just don't feel myself, and the anxiety is killing me of worrying if and when I'll go back to normal.Last week the doctor said rest up, exercise, it will pass etc, and everyone who I've spoken to has said the same along with most stuff online saying it should pass - however I can't stop worrying, because even if it does pass apparently it could take months. I went into the hospital to have some checks - blood pressure is fine (a little low if anything), blood sugar is fine, blood test came back fine, heart is slightly irregular but that was from issues before. I'm wondering if my irregular heartbeat has anything to do with this too, although I highly doubt it as it was a separate issue months ago and these problems are mainly with the muscles and eyes.I have been taking 5HTP and B and C vitamins every day, eating more healthily, started exercising when I didn't before, stopped all drugs including caffeine and alcohol, but I'm not feeling much improvement! I feel like damage was done instantly which is slightly more worrying, as the weird waves of internal motion I was feeling when i tried to sleep after the trip still remain, albeit much less frequent and strong. I even felt the switch straight away, asking my mates if someone had spiked me (lol). It wasn't dodgy drugs because all my friends only had the standard 1/2 day comedown, and are now fine. I know a lot of people say half the victory is mentally getting over these issues in your mind, but I have always been a worrier - plus these problems are all very physical and not imagined, the blurry vision is the issue during the day and the body movements at night. I have the chance to get my hands on Valium - I've heard benzos are good for stopping after effects,but please advise if this is a bad idea and I should recover naturally. Similarly, if there is anything good to reset my system please let me know, although that's a long shot - I have a spa day booked for weds to try and rejuvenate and get better.Someone please put my mind at rest, or if not any advice is great; I am aware it's only been 9 days but I'm seriously scared, as I don't actually do hard drugs that often (taken mdma maybe 5 times this year, and not since August before this). I have been googling similar cases frantically, probably a bad idea. It's very safe to say I won't be doing mdma or balloons ever again. Any replies appreciated on how to get back to myself asap, thank you!
Yes I am 18 years old. Yes I have graduated high school. No I have never smoked weed. This past Friday was the first time I ever smoked.I have been hesitant to try it because of the memory problems if you start too young, but at this point I think I'm old enough. My coworker invited me over after I told him I was interested in it. He pulled out his nice little glass bubbler, loaded it and handed it to me. I lit up, got a very small hit, and held it in. I stood up and just started smiling. I felt very relaxed but didn't feel a head high. This was about 11 pmI sat back down and waited a couple minutes. Still wasn't feeling anything. I decide to take another hit, this time it was much larger. I held it for only about 5 seconds before I started coughing. I felt like my lungs were malfunctioning and I could only take extremely shallow breaths for the next minute or two. I start panicking but it eventually went back to normal.I was sitting there not feeling anything, but then I started getting shaky vision and difficulty focusing. My coworker was trying to get my attention but I was just starting into the distance. I heard him but it didn't register in my mind as anything more than a noise. Eventually I realized it was him and then we stood up and started to walk inside. The place we smoked was no more than 200 feet from his house, but as we were walking, I started internally panicking. It felt like we had been walking for minutes even though we had only just stood up. I couldn't remember what his house looked like. We went inside and listened to some music he had produced, and it was so intense. It felt like the music was penetrating my ears and going straight into my brain and I could feel, taste, and see the music. I couldn't help but smile and enjoy the fuck out of the music. Then suddenly we were watching The Office. I couldn't remember him changing it from the music. I thought I had fell asleep because an hour had passed that almost completely slipped from my memory. He told me the next day that I was very much awake, I was laughing and talking the while time.The time I smoked was about 11, and it was about 1 when the next piece of my memory exists. I'm generally home by 12 unless I tell my parents otherwise so I started getting a little nervous that I might be in trouble. I checked my phone and I had already texted my dad that I was out with a friend. I didn't remember texting him at all.So, in conclusion, I'm probably never doing that again. I did not enjoy any part of the experience besides the music. If I could remember the rest of the experience, maybe I would think differently about it. I just don't like the idea of blacking out for 2 hours.
Skip to the bottom paragraph  after the first 2 paragraphs after this one if you don't want to read my little experience/rambles. Honestly love this stuff, I've used it maybe 10 times since my supplier just got more in for the first time in a month or 2 and I just wish I had found it sooner. Alcohol isn't nearly as euphoric in my opinion, I don't get as sloppy, you could fuck a pie on this shit, literally sex and masturbation on G is crazy. I'm just surprised it's not as popular, probably part of it because people know it as a date rape drug, but I find it hard to get to the mild overdose range of the dosing chart if you know your source and you don't mix it with other depressants.  I never passed out on it and have mixed it with ketamine a few times, usually on the come down of a k hole but have mixed the 2 in smaller doses, also mixed it with somas one time because I was somatosted and wasn't thinking( I don't advise mixing G with any depressant, this was just my experience ) definitely noticed some heavy respiratory depression when mixed with 1050mg of soma which scared me, had me sitting up waiting 3 hours after my dose to fall asleep even though I could of passed out at the one hour msrk after dosing G.Well if anyone else get ghb still post your experience or if you just want to post your experience of a past time with it go ahead. Sorry for the longish post and rambling, dose 2.8-3grams roughly of G so im talkative and high as giraffe nuts.
Hey Guys, Recently moved to the U.K for university. I'm thinking about getting diagnosed for Adult ADHD. Back when I was young in America I was diagnosed as a child but my parents refused to put me on medication.  10 years later and I find my self struggling to concentrate. Modafinil has done nothing at all for me, It's good for long nights keeps me up but induces no further concentration. Also tried anti anxiety pills ( SSRI's) but they had no effect for concentration. I tried calling the NHS, but for some reason the condition of  ADHD seems so frowned upon here. No one has really been able to give me a clear answer and direct me in the right place.Looking for some advice from UK ADHD patients. how long did it take ? public or private script? can a regular GP prescribe it ? tests ? etc I know there where some posts regarding this but they are quite old 3yrs and more, perhaps maybe things have changed. 
From what I can tell having done some research on the topic, the only ways to take liquid ketamine are either by IV or IM injection or by cooking it to produce a powder. I've read that by taking it orally you're wasting a lot of the chemicals, and I don't want to waste an expensive drug. Are there any other efficient easy methods? 
i wish we were in a time in the future simply for the fact that we would know a great deal more about the unknown in regards to the brain as well as the effects drugs produce on it, most especially psychedelics and dissociatives. from my understanding, higher and higher doses of dissociatives essentially cut off signals from the body to the mind? i just want to understand why people behave, think, act, and feel the things they do while tripping off a dissociative. an interesting study, which i cant find, gave healthy people, who had used a plethora of psychedelic drugs in the past, DXM, and the researchers found that the participants believed that they had been given psilocybin, some dissociative, or something of the like since it was a blind test. it makes me wonder, what even is "trip"? "trip" is a complete fucking alteration of consciousness and serotonin and NMDA receptor systems obviously play a huge part in modulating consciousness. it would be pretty dope if we could trace the reasons behind the effects. 
i used to love weed but now its just kinda boring for me, Iv been using benzos recently and they're nice to relax but not interesting like weed was. i do like the combination but it seems to be less and less effective basically looking for something thats fun and interesting either with people or just alone - a distraction basically or something that makes drawing/ creative shit better (not really looking for any psycs unless they're short lasting)preferably something that makes music better as wellany suggestions are appreciated 
I don't know where else to put this, but I'm constantly depressed. I don't have any motivation whatsoever, and I do tons of drugs (which is dumb considering that I'm a teenager). In fact, I'm on dxm polisterex right now. I have such a high tolerance for most drugs. Caffeine doesn't work for me unless I take over 700 mg, which is stupid.I have done:Nitrous 80 timesAlcohol like 30 or more timesCaffeine too many times to count and twice snorted Cigarettes too many times to count Nicotine from vapes too many times to countDiphenhydramine 50 timesMarijuana around four times smoked, dabbed onceMethylphenidate four times orally, twice sublingually, and eight or so times snortedMelatonin too many times to countEthylphenidate twice Hydrocodone twice Oxycodone onceDextromethorphan hydrobromide twenty one or so (probably more) timesDextromethorphan polisterex seven times or more in delsym form and once in powder formAdderall twice sublingually and once snortedlysergic acid amide seven times Midazolam once but I don't remember it wellPropylexedrine thriceChewing tobacco twicePseudoephidrine eleven or more timesSketchy ass taurine gas station pills once5-htp if that counts, it's a nootropic MagnesiumI feel so bad. I have absolutely no people to hang out with, and it makes me hate myself. I truly do despise myself, and recently I've been feeling suicidal. I tripped on delsym today and I must have cried for a solid two hours. I haven't cried in years, but tonight I seriously felt like ending my life.My best friend moved away six months ago and we don't keep contact that well, although I get to talk to him sometimes on snapchat. It makes my month whenever I can talk to himI would give all of my material stuff up just to see him again for 10 minutes, I love him so much and I don't think I will ever have a better friend. I don't really have any other good friends that I can actually talk to, and he was a person who I could open up toI'm truly fucking pathetic, my friends only want to hang out if they can get high for free off of my drugs I'm trying to make new friends, but I suck at that and nobody wants to respond to my texts or anything of that natureThe drugs I do are usually the only thing that make me happy, I have no friends to talk to. I am so lonely and sick of being by myself and I don't even know what I'm going to do with myself 
I'll start by saying that I've had moderate - severe problems with depression since I was 12 years old. I've been formally diagnosed with it and have tried a million different medications for it, most of which never caused any significant improvement. It has gradually been getting worse throughout this year, especially in recent months.So anyway, earlier in the week, I took 300mg of DXM for the first time in a few months (I'd done it 4 times prior to this) and something weird happened. The experience itself was really nice, but the next day I had the worst hangover I've ever had from any drug. I thought my depression was bad originally, but this was like nothing I'd ever felt before. I had very intense feelings of everything being meaningless and being a failure/worthless/etc, and everything made me sad.This continued the next day too, but to a much lesser degree. By the third day I was back to normal. Then on the 4th day something weird happened, especially considering I had such an awful hangover. I actually felt better than I did before I took the DXM. For once, I actually had motivation to get things done, I felt optimistic and happy, and I was just excited about life in general. I'm still feeling these effects, days later. I'm trying to remain skeptical of this "cure" being a long-term thing, but so far it's still helping.I've heard of ketamine, another dissociative, successfully being used to treat depression. Is it possible that DXM could also be used to help with depression? Have any of you guys had similar experiences? Is there any explanation for my situation? Thanks in advance!!
hi can someone give me a list of psychedelics that dont affect 5ht2 a/b/c receptors that are introspective. i know this is kind of hard cause most drugs that are introspective affect these receptors. the reason i ask is cause its been linked to valvular heart disease
Ive only been using Meth for about six months..My Question is, in your experience is the harsher the burn an indication of products quality?..Ive done some reading on clearnet discussion forums is yes..im kind of on the fence. ive experienced both..harsh burn good shit..harsh burn low ok shit. Ive also experienced the same results with low burn dope..Looking for some experienced
My whole family are alcoholics. My dad used to drink 2 bottles of red wine a night, and the doctor recently took a blood test and found he has early stage liver damage.Well, you probably guessed it. His drinking patterns have barely changed upon this news.Fuck Australian drinking culture. My parents are so adamantly anti psychedelics, which i feel might help him quit, just because they are illegal, yet here they are, using the most harmful drug of all just because it's illegal.Pisses me off man.
I'm planning on going on a trip with lucy for the first time ever. It will be my first time, yayyy. My friend gave me a tab in exchange for testing it for him.So I'm totally going to be in a good mindset because I am going to do it on Friday (after having exams all week).Comparing me and my friends on mushies, I can handle my self on psychedelics.Should I stick with one tab, or add 250 mg extracted dxm?
How do suppliers ensure they get paid back?  How do dealers, especially pros who sell to good people, make sure they don't get set up or ratted on?  Do they demand half payment up front to dealers? or get dirt on people?
I somehow feel like I’m supposed to wait and process a bit more all that we just went through, but I also want to try to put it into words right now as the memories are still fresh. This is in no means a try to protagonize in any way, but somehow, this (writing it down) feels like the right thing to do. I’m not exactly sure of what to think of this whole experience as of yet, but I do know I want to share it; to anyone that would bother listening.So today a couple of friends and me were going to execute a week-long expected but not in the least organized plan which involved acid, weed and the mountain. We all accorded to meet up in our local national park’s entry doors (Chipinque, as good as it gets for a National Park in my country) at 8:00am, prior to taking our tabs. A bit offshore here, but my friends got there high already. One of my 2 friends brought along 2 other friends with us, a couple of fine ass lads I now truly and proudly rejoice calling brothers. **The ascent.**There we are, at the entry a little past eight, and we begin our odyssey. Please allow me to add that we were foolish to whatever we thought we were about to encounter in the mountains, every single aspect of our trip was overwhelmingly beautiful and symbolic, that we would often find ourselves looking at our surroundings, throwing our hands to our heads and mumbling a single and awe filled “Overwhelming”. Our journey began simultaneously as the acid began to kick, with pseudo-philosophical conversations, random science facts and discussions, and our in-way planning of our destination in the park. One of my two friends decides to take command of the squad’s direction and we were on our way to summit one of the park’s mountains. This is when acid really starts its gears. Midway to a journey where we would find the occasional hiker, biker or runner and tone down our trip a bit, fog as thick as the bliss surrounding us begins to make its way through the mountain. The comeup from the acid and our ascent were so perfectly in sync we could quite literally climb our way through physical objects like a fallen tree or those enormous rocks that stay behind when the mountain washes out, where I carefully puzzled in psychological barriers I’ve been dragging around so long it took some mental digging to uncover them, and feel a child-like sensation of triumph. It was one of the two guys invited by my friend’s first time doing LSD, and they both looked as happy as I could imagine an explorer feel. Bliss did surround us, and fog got denser around us, to a point where pulling away for more than 20 meters would render you invisible. We finally reached what we all agreed (prior absolutely no discussion at all, as we climbed a very steep section of the mountain for the last 20 minutes or so and were mauled to our asses) looked like the mountain’s summit, and clinched to earth while trying to gasp a breathe and keep ourselves together from… well; *Overwhelming.***The fog.**Once at the top of the mountain, fog gets REAL thick ([I took some pictures starting this point](http://imgur.com/a/FdAtS), will definitely upload them later). It kinda seemed like as the mountain’s fogginess replicated our state of mind; questions where emerging from what we had just been through, you could clearly see every single one of us where soul-searching our place in the mountain, our place in ourselves, and our place in our astounding space-time. At some point we crossed paths to a group that hung together viciously, while *woahing* at every single thing they saw, we got proper verification (from them) that they were tripping balls, we laughed our asses off at how dumb they looked and realized we were no better. Fuck yeah. This is where the bliss I felt halts for a moment, failing to reconcile with the language’s ability to communicate. Next thing, one of our friends gets the brilliant idea of kicking in some nice old weed to help with the comedown, and continue to propel our trip forward, as Its only around 1pm. This tokes beam us up unto a very enjoyable laughter and psychosis filled pathway, were mother nature really stepped up the game with the visuals. There is a feeling that you get when admiring the vegetation panorama in front of you, *Macrocosms*, then proceed to observe all the hidden details carefully and meticulously placed in each of the leave’s fibers, at every mark printed on the tree’s bark, at the desperate growth patterns from mushrooms, microcosms*, and finally reaffirm the landscape as a whole: psychedelia. Trust me on this one, nature is as psychedelic as it gets. Are they in some way etymologically related?**The break.**As expected, we are all tired, mildly dehydrated and starving to death. We come to a common gathering point were families go to picnic, have a beer with a friend, enjoy the playgrounds (Its still unclear if they were supposed to be for kid use only, but we had so much fun in them), and awe at the occasional wildlife wandering around looking for a fool’s unattended sandwich or chips. Munchies gets furiously thrown into the table as if sharing was absolutely and unmistakably taking for granted by all of us, even the couple of lads we just met. Those two proved kept proving themselves amazing, as we all constantly took time to listen to the other’s conversation, offer a bit of what little we had brought with ourselves, and laugh at someone’s joke or plain up confusion face. This kept going for a while until we all noticed the trip was far from over, and carried on with our way into the depths of the mountain.**The rain.**At this point of our journey, hikers turned a lot less frequent, as fog kept thick and menacing, and you could tell rain was upon us. Well they took a wise decision, as rain abruptly protagonized our journey. We made way to a great looking smoking spot and kept refilling a rudimentary but efficient apple bowl that felt as an additional member of the squad. Weed was great, friends were great, rain was great, feeling wet, lost, and beaten up felt great; pretty much anything that would otherwise be wrongly interpreted as a bad weather or uncomfortable. Lucy and Mary danced us off into the universe in that smoke spot, I now have absolutely no clue where it’s located at the park and I’m completely sure I could not make my way into it ever again even if I tried for days, but that fucking place holds a special spot in what defines me as a human being now. I’m trying my best to keep objective and storytelling-wise here, but it definitely comes hard trying to define a place that led me to tears on how overwhelming it was. We stumbled over a majestic coincidence in space and time, a place that would be missed up by others, eager to be found, and or a brief moment, I saw it as a reward from the universe for our trust and curiosity towards the mountains and towards ourselves.**The comedown.**Weather keeps smashing us omnidirectionally. A final trial. It was our time to prove ourselves to the mountain, as we began throwing in analogies on how the way down represented our journey back to unaltered reality. The floor is really muddy and slippery at this point, as rain and fog have taken away clear vision from us (we constantly joked about the fact that we were blaming our disorientation and troubles on the rain rather than on the fact that we were completely roasted) and this demands every single bit of coordination and concentration from us. I must admit it all felt sketchy at this point, as lucy was leaving us until next time, you could almost feel as if she had kissed you goodbye and disappeared her way into the mountains, leaving you stranded in the middle of a confusing situation, for you to figure your way out by yourself. You had done the deed, you had fun, now it was time to demonstrate you were ready in the first place. As acid wore off, responsibility started to kick in, and with it a curiously fascinating trip back. Comedowns are really intense.**The end.**As every great journey ever told, ours came to our end, and we slowly reintroduced ourselves into civilization. I feel guilty for admitting I felt extremely sad when this happened. I don’t want to be part of a society that brings me down when returning from nature. I want to be able to comedown and return feeling confident that I’m not shifting gears in my reality, and that we haven’t distorted that much the way we live from the way life itself works. We are also in that nature we alienly refer to when addressing non-human stuff, we are a part of it, whether we like it or not. We soon parted ways to our homes, where I’m sure all of us are now coming into terms with who we are now. And as I write this down I feel some remorse of placing that final sentence that will officially end our journey, feeling partially reassured that we are all just pausing and resuming our intermittent trips between reality and drug-fueled, innerspeaker (we did listen to it at some point), cosmic, and overwhelming reality. Good vibes to all. You have no idea of how much I appreciate if you actually took a time to read this, even if I don’t have a clue of who you are. Writing this down perfectly sealed a perfect day, with perfect(ish) humans, in a perfect universe. *English is not my native language- I tried my best, but I'm sure typos and grammar errors will show left and right, please be kind enough to point me in the right direction.*
I used a drug ONCE. I had a severely bad reaction to it, but it was over and I never used it again. Any claims of addiction to it or lingering effects from it would be ridiculous, and the only potential criticism is I was insane for choosing to do it in the first place.However, since it was a relatively traumatic experience and I have had consequences from it and I think it would give a better picture of a different problem (a drug I am prescribed reminds me of it) I am tempted. I trust this doc and want to trust him with this information but I do NOT want it to go into a record of any kind.
In a few days I'll be buying 4 tabs of LSD, for my trip should I go with 1 tab or 2, I want to trip hardcore, also would you guys recommend a trip sitter, or should I fly solo? I have done tons of research but everybody tells me different, someone will say take one, this guy will say take 2 and a half, someone will tell me to take half. So would 2 be the best? Also what should I have prepared for a trip, like food, water, music, movies. Thanks 
I first smoked weed when I was 9, I surrounded myself with my sisters friends who where 5 years or more older than me. We'd have parties at the house and they loved getting me fucked up and truth is I loved it too. It was fun, I wasn't depressed before this I was a really happy kid but I just wanted to have fun and not be bored. I started going to festivals also and by the time I was 13, cause a few people in my family would go twice a year so I would to, I had been too 4 different music festivals. Having tried lsd, mushrooms, coke, Molly, and ketamine, regular festival drugs. I never used them when I wasn't at a festival or concert at the time cause I thought it was pointless to drugs without something else going on. When I was a freshmen in high school, I started going to festivals, parties, concerts and stuff with a different crowd and on my own. I was 14 the first time I used heroin and my friend shot me up, I always told myself I was going to try everything once and just move on. Well that shot made me so fucked up. Throwing up. Couldn't stand right to save my life, constant nod, I blind man could tell I was fucked up. I was high the next day too. It was insane too me, I didn't try it again for a while, I just kept ongoing with my weed selling and just letting the flow take me where ever. I deffinitly had addict tendencies but I never noticed at all, I had 4 public intoxications a breaking and entering along with vandalism charge on my juvenile record which the worst that happened was that they sent me to a month program, probation and fines which I would use fake urine every time. Heroin popped back up a few times when I was 15 , and I started weekly use when I was 16 than everyday use when I was 17 and started selling it. I still sold weed, I had saved money cause all I'd spend it on was festivals and concerts, I wasn't the material type kid and I hated video games so I figured I'd just save money and figure out what to do with it when I would have to make a life decision like college or a car. The life decision was heroin and I didn't know it at all, I thought everything would always be good and nothing would change. That all changed on my 18th birthday, where me, my best friend I've known my whole life and a few friends went to a factory rave and lost our minds. Me and my bestfriend slept at his house where I suggested we did some heroin and he agreed. I went into the bathroom first to shoot up, anthen he went after me. I nodded out for about 45 minutes and by the time I came out of it I noticed he was still in the bathroom, I walked in and he was on the ground, purple blue. Obviously dead, with the needle still in his arm. I lost it, I started screaming, having a nervous break down, I started slapping him doing anything to get him back. It was too late, I remember his parents faces, they wouldn't let me go to the funeral, I was blamed heavily for it but there was nothing they could do, I called 911 and in my state we have a Good Samaritan law. A week later my house was raided, they found about a pound of weed, seized about 10 grand and a sheet of acid. I had my heroin stashed inside a ps2, literally. They never found it and I had a few thousand in odd places and in the bank so I wasn't too worried it was my first charge and I knew I would be rored the next day, get a good lawyer go into a quick iop to show I'm working on myself and trying to change for the judge. It worked I got 5 years of probation and I was still in business with the same people and doing the same things except smoking weed, I was only using dope and occasionally Xanax at this time, I'd stop for a few days before probation and than use the second I got out. I was still selling weed and dope, but I slowed down selling weed and picked up on dope . Truth be told I lost a lot of friends after my bestfriend overdosed, I was known as a bad influence and a junkie, which was good for the heroin business but horrible for the weed business. My weed dealer eventually stopped fucking with me after he seen how bad I was getting and I was just selling dope. In this time I had already overdosed, my dope dealer was a user also but not of dope, just Xanax. He would get dope online that was very pure and messed with 4 people to put it out there for him and I was one of them. He got a new batch which he said was the most expensive one. I thought he was just trying to make an excuse to up the price but I was wrong. I was out for a total of 20 minutes and was presumed dead on arrival. They hit me 3 times with narcane to get me back, the only thing that happened to me mentally was that I really didn't believe in god anymore, I was dead and seen nothing. No white light no anything. It didn't stop me from using , I was just a little bit smarter about it. I thought I would handle anything. A year after my arrest roles by and my house is raided once again. My dealer ratted all of us out to save his own ass, saying we where his suppliers. They found 5 grand worth in dope, paraphernalia and around 2 thousand dollars, I was using a lot at the time. They didn't find all the dope, I had ran out of space in my ps2 which they still didn't find and put the rest of it in a safe I had. I was locked up for a while, I was kicking so hard in jail but I was able to get high in there to help. I met a lot of people that taught me a lot of things, I was released after almost a year on being there for drug court, an intense program in the state im in. The second I got home I was off to the races, using all the dope in my ps2 and having a full blown habit again the only difference is this time I got subscribed suboxone. I was overdosing all the time, waking up hours later like wtf happened. I loved it, I would go to sets ( certain corners ) that would have just had an overdose, meaning the dope was good. everyday look at the obituaries on the news paper and online, finding out the stamps that are killing people either cause the fetnyl cut which I loved or the purity of the heroin. I'd go to those sets that sold those stamps, every day in that city. I was on the run, they hadn't released a warrant for a while so I had time. I was actually dying when I was overdosing now and it didn't stop me. I wasn't depressed or suicidal I just loved the rush. I was doing speed balls that led me to Miixing heroin coke in Molly all in one shot to give me the oh shit I'm gonna die rush I loved. I had oded one time, woke up in the hospital had the dope in my phone case and oded in the bathroom where they saved me again. There was nothing you could tell me to get me to stop. I was watching people die on a weekly basis, wether it was thru drug violence or overdoses. It didn't phase me, it became normal, every time someone overdose I'd pour freezing water on there face or down there pants and if they didn't wake up call an ambulance. I was becoming a scum bag, I started stealing from stores, beating people for drugs , I'd tell females it was something other than what it was to hook them so they'd keep on buying it for me to help them get it. I was corrupting anyone around me for my selfish needs. Not caring of the consequence, no longer did Have friends, I had acquaintances that didn't care about me and I didn't care about them. It was all about getting high. I was getting 90 subs a week and I'd trade them each time for dope and coke. I was in and out of relationships constantly, I had the clap gonerea and pubic lice all at once. I didn't even care. The lifestyle was slowly killing me inside and out, turning into someone I never imagined I could be. everyday it was something different and it was getting harder and harder but there was no way out I saw. It was no longer a choice. Staying in abandon houses, not telling truth about things that don't even matter, you could see how bad I was from a mile away. I The last time I overdosed my girl friend at the time called 911 and the cops showed up first and administered nasal narcane a few times till I came out of it, they than ran my name after going thru my wallet and finding my id and there was my outstanding no bail warrant, that warrant that changed my life. I am now 11 months clean and in a half way house. I suffer from ptsd which give me nightly basis nightmares, serious panic attacks, the occasional seizures, and the constant change in non narcotic meds that don't ever work, I've lost everyone and everything  who has ever meant anything at all too me and I have not gained them back and more than likely won't. I think on an everyday basis how much I want to get high but I also remember that pain I went thru, the pain I go thru cause of were get high took me. I've been out of jail for a few months now and sent to a half way house away from my county that now has a drug restraining order on me and can not spend more than 24 hours there. In the short time I've been out I've been to 8 funerals, held a person who I oded in my arms until the ambulance got there to pronounce him dead. I will suffer with addiction for the rest of my life cause I am still an addict, I am just not in active addiction. No one got me clean, I coulda got high when I was in jail, in rehab and this half way house. I just don't want to feel like that ever again, I was hopeless, okay with the thought of dying a junkie and having no one at my funeral. I still don't have much now, no family, my girlfriend who I was with for 3 years during my shit storm of robbing here giving her std after std and blaming her for giving them to me who wasn't even cheating died in a car accident. She was everything I had left that I actually wanted to stay sober for. I tried to get high that day but I got beat on heroin, that was the last time I tried to get high. Even tho I have a long way, I am very hurt and broken, far from cured, still sick in every way and alone, even when I have 4 roommates in my room I just know that it'll get better. And if it doesn't, the heroin will always be out there. I have been scarred physically and emotionally since I was a very young boy who was forced by the school i was in to see the school therapist everyday since 1st grade. I don't blame anyone for my choices nor do I think I got high cause of my problems, I was just a mess looking for anything to kill time, I was in a rush to go no where and I met that destination. I wouldn't wish it upon my worst enemy, the heroin epidemic is only getting worse and the way everyone is going at us addicts are the wrong ones. Just remember, if you are an addict, you are worth getting clean and you can get clean, I understand what you are going thru trust me I do, i love you all, where no different than anyone where just more awesome cause we wanna have more fun, I do not regret a single thing cause it made me the man I am today. And just for today I don't want to get high, that's all I know. Idk about tomorrow tho =p . Addiction is the only prison where the key is on the inside.. EDIT : I am not telling this story for the regular person to read and judge. This is for the suffering addict, the recovering addict thinking about using again and the person who will pick up for there first time, hoping this will change there mind. All I have to share is my story,   I cannot justify what I've done nor do I blame anyone for what I had become. I must move on from the past and embrace me experience, I made my own choices and as a result had my own consequences, physically and emotionally. This isn't about me what so ever, if you think I'm a bad person i don't blame you and I respect your opinion. But if I worried and cared about every little thing I did wrong in my life I'd die of an heart attack, I made bad decisions but believed I had good intentions. I was brought up in a different way where authority wasn't a thing, we made our own choices and dealt with what happened. I come from a long history of addiction and alcoholism in my family. I am still very sick at 11 months and I still think about getting high all the time, fantasizing the thought and I've become very very close, especially lately. For questions that where asked, my sister was not an addict like me, she was a party girl who is now a registered nurse. We haven't spoken in over a year. My mother is in the hospital for wet brain, pretty much drinking herself to a constant drunk. She left when I was 9 and I haven't talked to her since a few years ago. My father is off doing his thing, he's had 4 other wives other than my mother and 6 other kids other than me and my sister. He doesn't support any. My life could have been more messed up if they had stayed in it so I am grateful they didn't. I am also grateful that even though it sucked that I went thru all that. I grew up quickly in a different way l cause if I didn't, I might be a naive weak minded pussy. I have my flaws, every day I make mistakes. I no longer use because of them. I am doing 5 years of drug court currently with a 6 with a 3 over my head, which means 6 years to max out of prison 3 years till im alegable for parole if I mess up drug court. I've been given a lot of chances and I know I'm running out. Who knows, I could get high tomorrow, but for today I'm good. To be honest, from time to time I still sell drugs, nothing like heroin, but psychedelics and research chemicals to my buddy's who also get drug tested weekly. I teach them everything about each thing I sell, show them the tester kit so they know what there getting, tell them regular doses and how to be safe so they don't end up in jail. I provide a service where they can come over, bring there own stuff or buy some of the alternatives I provide that I feel can be safer for them, watch them use providing them with clean needles and a cooker, have them use so in case of an overdose I can hit them with narcane to bring them back for a junkie affordable fee that I don't make much from. I'd rather them use things that can keep them out of jail and functioning than hit rock bottom all over again or die. I also volunteer at needle exchanges and give out narcane kits. This war against drugs will never end until this society takes the right measures and make it so it's accepted and have spots for people to use safely legally. I love addicts cause I know each one of them are good people caught in an ugly grip and scared cause they can't get out. Until than it's all a gamble. Please be smart out there, I know I'm not. If you are going to get high, know what it is, start with small doses. Cause I know if I get high again, it will be with a needle a bundle of dope and a shit ton of coke cause that's the only thing that does it for me. I've tried it all, and nothing gets me like dope and coke does, the grip is amazing. Love all or none, but you must chose one. Much love everybody, thank you for reading, I am here for each and everyone of you, I'm only a message away.
Started the night drinking with some guys before I go out, ended up getting pretty drunk, and also we cashed a few j's of extremely trippy weed. We left, and I was completely non functional to go out. Anything I said barely made sense, but I was still having a good time. We talked to two cops who let us into another dorm building, and I absolutely could not keep my cool around them. They knew we were fucked up, but they didn't exactly care. I left this group of friends to go to a party across campus. Being alone, the weed high intensifies. I heard people screaming "WHAT THE FUCK !!!" in the building I just left and it scared the living hell out of me, I kept hearing shouting too. I saw a group of people  in the distance and my fucked up mind was 100% sure it was some of my other friends so I run up to them, and of course it wasn't my friends lol . I kept walking and then walked by a girl balling her eyes out to some guy which kinda tripped me out.Then, I go out and check out a few parties, I was pretty much non functional to party at this point due to how high I was. I couldn't remember where I was going and kept getting sidetracked. I ended up getting couch locked with some other super fucked up guys at a party for a few hours.I zonked out for about a minute and woke up and I recall watching a girl lick a mans toe due to a dare, and everyone was shouting "LICK THE TOE. LICK THE TOE." Then me and my bud left, stumbling down the streets.Before I know it, 4am comes along. Me and my friend are walking back to my dorm to go to bed when suddenly this older (23) kid I know pops out of nowhere with some 25-28 year olds (Im 19), and says "yooooooo come with us, we gonna get you fucked up!!!!" and I go, accidentally ditching my friend who didn't follow. I get in and they're all just throwing me shitty beers, and I chug them all. Very fucked up at this point, I decide to take a puff of a joint. After that- My heart starts racing, my vision blurrs completey, the room starts distorting and I keep forgetting where I am, and feel like I'm dreaming. I remember thinking to myself the usual panicky weed thoughts "is this spice? am I dying? Wtf is happening?" I think Im panicking so I down a few more beers. I can usually always keep my cool on weed but I think cause I took 80mg of vyvanse and 15mg adderall earlier that day, it caused me to panic. Thats all I remember really. Woke up in this kids couch at 11 A.M. still fucked up. 

I am diagnosed with ADHD and I take one pill of 54mg concerta every morning. However, it works wonderfully during school, it just completely loses its effect after 4:30pm. Do you guys have any suggestions on what to use at evenings to study and focus on homeworks?
hey r/drugs, I thought I should share my experience with MDMA and ecstasy. I have done ecstasy pills around 30 times, and MDMA (pure and tested) 2 times. the reason I haven't done molly more than twice is that I don't get any euphoria from it, although I feel kinda high/fucked up while on the drug. pills are something different, I get some euphoria but also stimulation (which I don't get from molly, I can sit on my couch for 6 hours) mainly because they aren't pure MDMA, that's the reason I prefer pills.now here's my question, can heavy depression affect the euphoria you get from certain serotonergic drugs?
Ok so, Saturday night I went over to a friends house and I was planning on doing 3 tabs of 100 ug acid. Lots of fun. I brought 2 tabs for the other guys there cause ya know, common curiosity. It was all going great, good conversation, cool fire, good music, and then it got all serious. One of the kids (let's call him James) starts telling this story about how when he lived in Cincinnati, his girlfriend called him to these woods by her House, covered in blood, and told him that her father had raped her while her mother held her down with a gun and a knife. Apparently she was able to get a handle on the gun and shot both of her parents, but she was sobbing horribly and she asked him to take her life with the pistol, so he did it. Fucking shit right? It gets better. Throughout the night little stories keep popping up about people killing themselves near him/because of him and for some reason I wasn't terrified. He asked me for more acid and I basically told him that I didn't have any and it was moot trying to find more. I don't want to sell or do drugs anymore. I really don't like them.
Sup fam,I'm not missing anything by maintaining the 30mg Adderall prescription rather than trying meth am I? I've tried Adderall in combination with 4-FA at low doses (~50mgs) and that feels pretty euphoric but still extremely functional.With the access to what I have, the pharmaceutical prescription and the borderline euphoric nootropic, am I missing anything with Meth?Keep in mind I"m a functional person. An Elite. I demand functionality and performance.What are your thoughts friends?
*Relevant information***18yr old male** **165 pounds** **6 feet 3 inches**Hello guys, I'm making this post since I'm worried about my drug use this last friday and want to know what I can do now to recover as best as possible. Last friday night I wen't to a huge birthday party where everyone brought drugs, including me obviously.I consumed the following between the period of approx 8 hours:**1L gin, a sixpack dark ale and at least a few other drinks****800ug LSD-25 from vial drops.****8 Xanax bars** **1 gram of cocaine approx 75% purity****250mg pure MDMA.**Also I hadn't eaten anything that day or the day prior to it.I realize this use and the combo is extremely stupid a pointless. But I'm really looking for some advice and information on how to recover as best as possible. Also I would like to know if this has any permanent impact on me? Most importantly of all: I actually feel quite fine.BTW: This the 3rd time within 7 days I've done MDMA.
I'll be going to my first ever trance event by myself. My ex-boyfriend who introduced me to it four months ago really took care of me. I bought him tickets to go to the one coming up in New Years, but things didn't work out I guess. I'm nervous about going by myself. I've always had him around to look after me and vice versa. This time I'm keen to just do it on my own -amongst other things by myself - and I was wondering if you wanted to share some of your best experiences rolling solo at an event? People you met; things you did, feelings felt?I really want to do this on my own but I'm worried that I wouldn't know how to take care of myself if something happened....
Have never had reports of DMT in my area. Dealer just hit me up, claims to have some quality dmt that she is labeling as "white russian". I trust nothing without testing but before i purchase some, anyone have any experience with this?
So say you are stopped by a cop for something like speeding. If you have something like weed edibles (brownies, candy, etc) in plain sight or they find them when they search your car, what can they do? How can they tell it's not just a regular brownie? If they see brownies in plain sight is that reason enough to search your car? I'm just wondering what the rules are concerning stuff like this.
I haven't done this in a year so I figured I could give it another try.  I was wrong I loaded about.  .2 of black and 1.5 of crystal in the syringe I use little water I like a dark mixture anyways I use brand new needle clean spoon and cotton. Everything ran beautifully.  I tap my needle in never stab to hit the vein it was a hit pulled back blood then plunged ever so slowly after the shot I pulled out I can feel the burn of crystal leaking out. I rubbed it in but still made a ball now a day later it's big and kins of pain full  I have had lots of access and this seems like another can someone help me get rid of it before my work and family think I'm scum again) :
So, I really don't know what's up with that. When I'm on a drug (alcohol, weed, coke, lsd) I -very oftenly- will see a person and he'll remind me of another person. Like, a lot. But, usually, when I tell a friend that this person looks a lot like someone else they disagree with me.I didn't get that until some months ago. The amount of times this has happened the last 5 months is pretty high. The thing is that in my eyes some people look SO MUCH alike, yet not for other people. Is there an explanation for this?
I can't help but notice how much smoking weed has a after effect on my consciousness. I have always been sensible to my mental experience/awareness/consciousness. I am very sensible to mental input, whether emotion of drug... This might be in relation to having ADD?Anyways, I am in college now, I am 20 years old and have been smoking weed on and off for the last 5 years (very occasionally for the first 2 years). In the last year I've been limiting my usage to 3 times a week and taking week or longer t breaks.I can't stop but feel like smoking weed affects my motivation to study, build habits, socialize... I only smoke in the evenings, it's not like I get stoned as soon as I wake up everyday... I only smoke past 6pm, but this lack of motivation extends into 24-48 hours after smoking.Whenever I stop smoking for 5-7 days, I feel more motivated and energetic...Anyways to counter this other than quitting? Im thinking of limiting to once a week... but that's no fun... Better off just quitting completely right?

Hello everyone. So I have never been high off of trammy before. In fact I did not even think you could get high on it. I have only done 100MG. I did not want to take too much because I was worried ab out an OD. But I just got some early this morning. "Like 3am.)) I was reading around and saw a lot of people saying that if you take 200MG you should get a nice high and it is safe. So I spent about an hour and a half researching into that. Did not find anything saying that 200 was unsafe. So I took the 200MG and started playing some Dark Souls 3. I did not feel anything for about an hour. But I did not expect to get high so it did not bother me. But about an hour after I took it it hit me. And it has lasted for over an hour now. It is a very nice high that has me mellow and super relaxed. I was not expecting anything like this. I am very pleased. Granted my tolerance is low right now. I went over five months with no pain pills. And just took 15MG of hydro about once a week for the past 3 or 4 weeks. SO nothing over the top.The high is different than a hydor high though. When I drop Hydro I feel relaxed in my body but hyper in my head. And it is just like a really fun high. And I know it should be the same high as it is the same thing. But this has me really relaxed and mellow in my body and mind. But it is not making me tired. Next time I take 200MG I am going to smoke a bowl with it and I will let you all know how I feel when I do that. Have a wonderful day! And remember, star safe!!
hey so a little background. I was trying to buy sime xanax, found a plug but he never came thru. i contacted an old friend i never talked to and she said she had some and i could buy 2 for 10. i said alright and next day im coming to pick em up and she says, " i didnt have any but i have these things they are the exact same effects." so i pick them up, pay $10 and they are little peach colored circle tablets. they say MX 31 on one side and the other side is blank. she tells me dont take both or else you will pass out, only take one for now. so i do. its been over 2 hours and i feel nothing. i popped the second about an hour ago, and nothing. i texted her saying nothing happened, and she is acting like she doesnt believe me, saying omg youre gonna be so messed up! so uh what should i do? did i get finessed?
So I recently really got into weed. I live life very passively, soft and afraid. I was a bullying victim in high school so I have some low self esteem although I turned myself around completely over the last few years. Anyways i take more risks now and everything and do more fun stuff. When I get stoned, it is like I realize that the sober me is still kind of a pushover and scared, just with more edge to him than before. I also realize the stoned me puts all that BS in the past and I become a lot stronger and the past doesn't phase who I am now. I just become more connected with myself and become a very strong minded guy. So do u often find weed alters your personality? Which personality is more of your true self?
Okay so I have been smoking weed occasionally for about 6 months now but I always had bad experiences because I would smoke way way too much and it would be a disaster so I never enjoyed it but friday I smoked the right amount and I literally fell in love. Every intrusive/anxiety/Ocd thought I had just kinda faded and everything felt quiet in my head. I smoked saturday and Sunday too so three days in a row and as soon as I came down yesterday I just wanted to smoke again. It's now monday and I cannot stop thinking about smoking and I know I cannot today. I just wanna feel like that 24/7. Is this an addiction waiting to happen? Should I not fuck with other drugs? Help. 
Hello,my "cracker" (small contraption to open N20 capsules. Not the big whipped cream dispenser) does built up some dark/brown oily substance after like 10-20 capsules. Someone here advised in another post to clean it it regulary because of that, so it seems common but is it really normal? Is it a sign of contaminated capsules? There should be pure N20 in the capsules, nothing else, right? Im thinking about adding a fabric layer inside the cracker so at least the solid part gets filtered out. Advice is appreciated.
How s it going fellas! My name is Andy and in 2017 I ll have to take my bachelor degree.I surely dont have to tell you how important it is to pass this exam as most of you already know this.My drugs experience started when I was 14.A friend of mine brought a joint and since then I ve been smoking weed pretty much every week.I have also tried molly and acid which are probably my favourite substances.So enough with the introduction , lets talk about why Im writing.I ve discovered adderall rather recently( i ve been using it for about a year just for recreational purposes).A few of my friends told me that I should try taking adderall so that I can be more focused and learn easier for the exam.Now I would really appreciate some advices from the more experienced users, who use it often in their studying sessions.I really want to know how do you take adderall so that you dont mess up too badly your brain and body.I also want to mention that I m not planning to use it very often.I want to use it for about 3 months before the exam.Thank you for your time !PS: Sorry if I have some spelling mistakes, Im not a native speaker.
I've been curious about drugs all my life, since I was young i've been intrigued buy all the substances that this world has to offer. Getting older I now have learned a lot of things, I now have the access to these substances and I've been wondering where to I start my exploration into drugs. I want to continue with drugs that are relatively safe. I have tried Alcohol, Marijuana, Valium. I've been offered Molly, Coke. I'm just curious on where I should take my journey next.
**The experience**   I know not everyone gets the recreational value of of it but i did, i only used it once,  and it was great for me, took 300 mg at 7:30 the euphoria came in waves, with breaks in between, i figured if i smoke some thc i would feel better, smoked a joint and it totally canceled the effect of the lyrica for me, 10:30 the effect of the joint is now gone and the lyrica started coming back to me, which i thought it was better than weed, but still wavy, so i took another 150mg so now im on 450 mg total, an hour later it was great, i was very chatty, euphoria was great, was a bit unstable and my tongue was heavy but not a problem for me.**edit** i used it 4 times till now and and i had to up my dose the last time to 600mg which sucks but i think it was because i took it 2 days in a row **The question** I've read a lot about pregabalin and lots reported that one can build up tolerance really fast, i'm having a bit of a hard time lately so i'm more prone to addiction, but would love to keep using it in moderation, if i only take it once or twice a week and stick to the same dose (450) do u think it's enough of a break span not to build up tolerance to it ?
Ah the joys of living in a tiny place with nothing to do, especially when you're a experimental teenager. normally drugs are the option and some of my friends thought LSD was a good choice i preferred to just sit and watch them to be honest which helped because if i wasn't stone cold sober this story would just be another story about tripping balls. it all started in the local graveyard which is funny because most story's that involve a graveyard have ghosts but this one is about something different ... aliens. One of my friends wandered off starring at the sky, mouth open not knowing where he was so i decided to go help him on his way home but then i looked up too and saw three large glowing orange ball shaped objects pulsating, they were mesmerizing to the eye i couldn't help but stare in awe but before i knew it they were gone my friends walks off like nothing happened but i was glued to the spot trying to figure out what had just happened. if anyone's had a similar experience or wants to hear more story's like this just drop me a message.
I'm quite interested in drugs. I've taken LSD, Magic mushrooms, weed, alcohol and really shitty mdma(didn't really feel anything) and that's pretty much it. i would like to experience other substances but wouldn't like to do anything like crack or meth.. should i try salvia or try and find pure mdma? and is salvia legal in canada? 
i recently got my hands on some focalin and was wondering what the proper dosage and method of taking would work for the best possible time. if anyone on here have any tips or experiences that they could share i would also appreciate that. 
say you took a massive combination of some crazy ass shit. all mixed together they have potent effects on your consciousness and body but not enough to be toxic to  the point of being lethal or particularly that permanently damaging.we hear those jokes about smoking dmt on the peak of a lsd trip while about to take some mdma and shrooms and whatnotso what would happen if you took some shrooms and lsd then swallowed a bottle of some dxm then smoked some weed then smoked some salvia while taking hits of nitrous while taking bumps of ketamine? obviously fucking absurd as shit but just imagine wtf would be happening inside the brain
I took a morphine pill with the numbers 54 733 on it about 45mins ago and don't feel shit. I took it orally. Should I have railed it? Should I rail the next 15mg pill or orally ingest it? And should I even take another if I don't feel anything? 
So I want to have sex with this girl who loves doing amphetamines with me....we've hooked up before but I couldn't get it up (we had done a LOT of amphetamines prior to this) so I just gave her the best oral of her life to compensate for my embarrassing issue. I'm going to get some generic sildenafil but I've never used it before so I was wondering: will I get an erection against my will (like, before I am ready to have sex) when using it? (I feel like a lot of comedies use that as a common joke, not sure if it's true or not)... also how much should I take? I'm obtaining 100mg pills, should I take just a qtr or half?Edit: after further research I have decided to try Cialis instead, if anyone has any suggestions on this feel free to mention below, especially mixing it with amphetamines or coke
Within my little town, the teenage population is slowly getting addicted to meth.  By choice is a weird way of putting it, but rather, "not knowing" is the perfect way of putting it.  These kids have been taking "Molly rocks" which I've held.  Looking at them, they did not look like Molly.  The people taking these "Molly rocks" (which weigh up to 1.3 grams) claim to feel amazing afterwords.  1.3 grams is a crazy amount for someone to take of Molly.  And it's being taken several times a week.  I have yet to test the material.  These friends of mine will not listen to me when I say it's not Molly.  I'm a huge drug nerd and future pharmacist, I am merely worried about my friends and I decided to come to Reddit.  -Stoned and Worred
Hello! Can I store NaGHB without mix it with water? I`m getting 50g in a couple days and I want to just put it in some gel capsules. Is it possible? I read somewhere that NaGHB will get water from the air after opened from vacuum vacuum sealed, but this destroy him? Thanks!!
I was addicted to Vicodin for a few months, took around 20-40mg each time I dosed.Found some old codeine pills that expired back in 2010. I took 3 without extracting, and 10 others that I extracted to get the APAP out. This comes out to 900mg of acetaminophen and 390mg of Codeine. Is this a bad dosage? Feeling shortness of breath and kind of a tightness in my throat that not really hurts but is uncomfortable. All other euphoric and body high effects are present too. Just a lil anxiety. 
I've had a couple friends who have been sold "molly" and the like but have just been given adderall. How do dealers go around it that makes it so believable and what other false things have you been given that just ended up being adderall?
Couple of friends and I got into an argument about drug use, and when I said that drugs as a whole arent "bad" they all started to flip at me and tell me that "all" drugs are dangerous. When I brought up medically used drugs they proceeded to tell me they were only talking about "street drugs" (These are drug users themselves as well, just not very well educated I guess) What are your guys' opinion?
So as the title says, I was recently discharged from a psyche ward. I've been prescribed Latuda and am on week 2 (?) of it being in my system. I used to pretty heavily smoke marijuana. At least a blunt a day kind of guy. On top of my schizophrenia I've been diagnosed with high anxiety (fuck me, right?) and now I can't even hit a bowl once without my heart freaking out and racing on me. Pretty much going full panic attack. Is my latuda not mixing well with THC? Is it because I haven't been smoking since I got out of the  hospital and my tolerance is so low that hitting a pipe makes me freak out? I just wanna get high again. Can you help me?
I've been a lurker of this sub for about a year now and have learned some great information about drugs and drug culture. Generally speaking, there is great advice offered and I would greatly appreciate some help with me dilemma. Yesterday, I left for my house for a basketball game that my three roommates and I myself were playing in. Before I left I am positive I had my half ounce of weed and $2500 cash in my room. I had just counted and wrote it down in my notes at 11:49 am. It was by my bed, inside a drawer with my checkbook. The only thing taken was the cash and my weed. No laptops or any other valuables were taken, including none of my roommates things. We left at 2pm and we are positive we locked the door. I was the first one to return home from the game at 7pm. the door was still locked and I had to unlocked it to get in. I came inside and searched the place from top to bottom and could not find the weed or money. I always keep it in the same spot so I knew it was stolen. When my roommates came back they all helped search the house and we concluded it was stolen. The only way for someone to have stolen it was if they knew where we kept our spare key. There is only one person we believe that knows where the key is. The only other possibility would be climbing thru a window, however we have screens on every window so that would be very difficult to do without breaking the screen. Also it happened during the day and we live in a busy suburb so that is unlikely.  I have one major suspect in mind. My roommates good friend has been struggling with money for a few months now. He started his own company managing up and coming rappers in the Chicagoland area and is not making much if not any money. He also just turned down a job he got offered to make $12 an hour. And he told his parents, which he still lives with, that he took the job. He owed me $500 from 5 months ago and still has 125 left to pay back. His car broke a few days ago and I know he owes another kid $1200 since last year that he hadn't paid back. He has always been big into adderall but the past month or two has been using coke and Xanax almost every day. He is the one person that knows where our spare key is. All signs point to him and I'm not sure what to do. He wants to come over and talk about it with me because he knows we think it's him. I have a lot of friends that have my back and a lot of people that would like to beat his ass. But I want to be 100% sure he did it before I do something stupid. The other issue is that I can't let someone beat his ass and me still not get my money back. This is more money than I have in my bank account and I have $600 in rent to pay every month. I go to school full time and play college basketball so a job is not very easy to have right now. I aIso quit selling a few weeks ago to focus on school and basketball because it was too stressful and I didn't want to deal with situations like this. I really don't want to have to go back to selling. Tldr: a "friend" most likely stole half an ounce of weed and $2500 cash from my house while I was gone. Don't know how to accuse him and try to get it back 
So basically I have recently acquired some 50 mg tramadol xrs. I took 2 in pill form and honestly didn't feel much at all, definetly a little more mellow but not much. So I looked them up on pill finder and read that they were xr I (stupidly) crushed the 8 I had left and put half into one parachute and half into another. I was planning on bombing one of the chutes about 20 minutes before my morning class ends so I can be nice and toasted before me and some friends get a smoke sesh together. After doing some more research I'm now starting to doubt the wisdom in this choice. I have no real tolerance and I'd like to be able to walk to my dorm after. Since I've already crushed all my pills I'm kinda committed to either snorting or chuting these things. Any advice? I know I could just take less but I'd rather not miss out on a good experience if that's what's in store for me.Tldr: I have no tolerance and 200mgs of crushed tramadol xrs calling my name. Will I be able to walk/function? They are a muscle relaxer.
Hello Guys,I need help in mathemactis from you guys.A very good friend of mine named "Me" is going to a party this weekend, he is there to bartend. The party is a 50th birthday from a friends uncle, so people I know and people important to my friend are there and under no circumstances they can catch myself snorting lines on the toilet. I have to do it the sneaky way.So I've heard about a water cocaine solution filled in a bottle of nasal spray to keep the high going. "Me" organized that bottle and it specs are:- 10    ml capacatiy- 0,09 ml per spray applications (I hope you understand what I mean)That means about 111 spray application and that bottle would be empty.Lets say Me takes about 250mg cocaine and mix it with water. I now have a cocaine-water solution.The question is what do you guys think is a good bump per spray? I was thinking 4 to 5 shots equals a "regular bump".Lets only take half of the nasal spray capacity (5ml) and fill it with the solution. We get the following results:*water cocaine solution- 5ml*    contains 250mg of C- 1ml *  contains 50mg  of C- 0,01 ml *  contains 0,5 mg  of C- 0,09 ml *  contains 4,5mg  of C => **1 spray 4,5mg of C**- 55 spray applications contain about 250mg of CWith this spec "Me" would ingest with 5 sprays 22,5mg of cocaine. Is this a good bump size? Too much or small? Maybe split the capacity of the nasal spray bottle again?Would this actually work or is it a complete dumb idea and wasted C?I know the love in this sub isn't the biggest for C, but please help a brother out.Regards**TL;DR: Want to mix cocaine with water and fill this solution into a  Nasal Spray  bottle, one  spray  application  contains  4,5mg  of  C.  Would  this  even  work and is 4,5mg per spray application a realistic number for decent bumping with 4-5 sprays?**PS: I hope you guys can understand all I am saying, I am not native and I'm sorry for the mistakes.
Regular Advil and Tylenol aren't working for me when I am in pain, so I've started taking Perks and T3s. I feel great when I'm on them but I get high so I can't function (can't drive or read or do homework). Does anyone have a recommendation for a painkiller that would help me kill my pain when it gets really bad? I don't want to get addicted to these perks and T3s even though my doc keeps prescribing them.  
So let me begin by saying I haven't smoked weed in about 6 months. I was a regular smoker (every day) for almost 10 years before that. But occasionally I'd have this reaction that was unpleasant to say the least. It tended to happen if I ate something within an hour or two of smoking. Usually right bfore eating or taking the first few bites, my mouth would start to salivate a lot and then it was like my esophagus started to run backwards. Swallowing was impossible and sometimes it even lead to vomitting. Then, just as quickly as it happened, it'd be over and I could eat and drink, no problem. 5 minutes from start to end, 15 tops.The only other person I've heard who said they experienced something similar was my brother, which leads me to believe it may be something genetic. I also want to stress that it wasn't regular vomitting. I've thrown up before, but this was different. Like I said, it felt like my esophagus decided to run backwards, less about getting the content of my stomach out. Also the salivating, though that might be related to eating when it occured. It also happened pretty infrequently, like maybe 20 times in the ~10 years I was smoking weed. So what the hell was that? Anybody experience something similar? Let me tell you, it made for some pretty awkward moments with friends/SO's when I'd suddenly jump up from the eating with an expression of "I'm about to throw up!", run to the bathroom and emerge 10 minutes later ready to eat like nothing happened. Any help would be appreciated!
Which drugs don't effect you like they effect everyone else? Is there a drug that works in the opposite way it should for you? Do you experience only negative effects or only positive effects from a certain drug? Is there a drug that just plain doesn't work at all, and makes you feel completely sober?  I've been pondering this a lot lately. -I'm a daily user of cannabis because it helps me and many ways and hurts me in none. I don't get the typical laziness and lethargy other people seem to experience. However, cannabis does help me with my mood, my anxiety, depression, pain, and improves my overall outlook on life. Dry mouth isn't necessarily desirable but I wouldn't call it a negative effect. -MDMA is not euphoric for me whatsoever. It's sort of a doom-ish feeling and my head feels sort of spacey. I also gag a lot and get the urge to throw up when I take it. There's no roll, no happiness, no increased empathy or love. It sucks, I just wanna feel what you guys feel :/ -Opiates feel pretty meh. The nod sucks for me. I don't really enjoy being completely coherent one second then falling into a weird sleepy dream state the next and waking up 30 minutes later. It's not a very euphoric feeling for me like it seems to be for other opiate users. -I like stims, but it's more for productivity and less just to get high. But meth felt dirty and disgusting. Even more so once I realized that my "coke" was mostly meth. -Alcohol is nice. I get the warm fuzzies upon the first two drinks and I become much more social and positive. Afterwards I always feel like shit though. 
looking to bring in some yay and some weed. any suggestion? are the body scans just like airport? the carnival website indicates that we go through a scan but not our shoes. does this mean i can hide them in my shoes?
 I used to drink a lot, so do you think that may have impaired the effectiveness of the ativan. I really want to stay on the ativan since I had high doses prescribed to be in the ER about a year ago. They were routinely injecting up to 20mg's at a time into me.  They had me gradually step down on the ativan until I didn't need it anymore, which took a month. Some of my anxiety is now coming back and my doctors recommend that taking ativan should make my mind more clear and help me regulate my sleep cycle. But I just don't feel anything from the doses I am taking so I've fallen into the habit of taking more just to see if this stuff will actually do something. There just has to be a better way.
throwaway because my main account has too much personal information/connections.I have tripped on a number of things a number of times. I have had good trips, and bad trips. However there is one consistent pattern I have noticed. All of my bad trips have involved being around someone, or a group of people. My mid-range trips have been around people for a short period of the trip. All of my good trips have been totally solo. This actually is true for weed as well (which I can't do anymore for psychological reasons). Whenever I smoked it was so much more enjoyable when I was by myself.The odd thing is though, when I am alone I sort of feel lonely and want to share the experience with someone else.The last trip I did was a high dose of 2C-B (50mg) with a friend, who dosed close to my level (40mg). It was an awful trip. This was partly due to bad set for me (IRL stress I couldn't shake). I tried to manage the bad trip, but was struggling, so I called to have a friend whom I trust a lot come over and take care of me. It made it worse. I remember looking at her and it just scared me. I felt so restrained, and restricted. Like I couldn't let go of myself and I was restraining my behavior against my will. I wound up rolling around in the floor in pain feeling like I was being stabbed, begging for it to just end, and for me to stop feeling so awful. I opened up to her so much about what was going on but I still felt uneasy around her, and if anything her trying to calm me down made it worse.There's another important detail with that trip that is insightful. 2C-B causes a little bit of MDMA-like empathy (which I haven't done so I can't self-relate). I see that as true as the lines between social borders did blur for me... it *scares* me. I remember looking at her and I no longer understood what was appropriate. I wanted to hold her and feel comfortable with it, but it felt so wrong. I am 100% homosexual (male, 27) so that could be part of it. It's not the only time I have felt that sort of thing with a friend though when tripping. I get oddly terrified when my sense of social borders starts to dissolve. It feels sickly. It seems like people is the problem, and I don't want it to be. I want to be able to trip and share the experience with others, but it just causes me to feel restricted. I have an IMMENSE amount of self control, and it seems like I can't choose to turn that off completely and "let go" for the sake of "doing what is right/appropriate" around friends or others. Does anyone have some advice on how to manage this? Obviously the simple answer is for me to just trip solo from now on, which I intend to do, but I would like to be able to trip with someone and have a bonding experience. I am an extrovert with a lot of friends, but I am also kinda pitifully lonely :(.**tl;dr - I seem to get anxious to the point of being propelled into a bad trip when I am around others, regardless of my connection to them, or if they are high or not with me. I want to know why this is and what could be done to mitigate it. Thanks!**

At the beginning of 2014 my life started its collapse.  I had a high paying job and a fiancee I loved more than anything in the world at the time, but my mental health was seriously slipping.  I had always struggled with anxiety and depression before, but nothing really prepared me for what was to come.For the first time in my life I was starting to have major stressors start to show up.  A parent dies.  A sibling gets diagnosed with an autoimmune disease.  I was taking medication (vyvanse) for concentration that was pushing my anxiety levels to the brink.  My job was starting to become extremely stressful.Then it happened.  I went to the ER because I thought I was having a stroke.  It was just a panic attack.  But it was very unsettling for me.  I couldn't stand the fact that I was no longer in control of myself.  My heart would beat out of its chest and feel like it was skipping beats.  With the anxiety, my anger was out of control and seriously killing my focus.   I worked in an office environment, and any time anything would happen that would take me away from my work (a noise, useless meeting, etc) I would basically lose my shit. I started feeling serious feelings of wanting to withdraw and run away, feeling like if I did that, I would have time to think and regain my composure. I was going to my psychriast every month trying different medications.  None of the anti-anxiety medications worked for me.I quit under the guise that a few months of RnR and I might be ok again. But that didn't happen.2 years later, I was practically comatose.  Spending 8+ hours a day on my couch, feeling like I couldn't move. Sleeping 12+ hours a day, sometimes up to 18 hours.  A few hours playing video games, if I could manage.  But even playing games would give me bad anxiety. My personality is one that loves to create and make things, and it still was there, but buried by all the mental anguish.  My fiancee left me, saying that I was causing her too much unhappiness because of my condition.  This was basically the last straw for me at the time, and I attempted suicide and was hospitalized.  I was put on disability a few months after, so luckily I started having a basic income to get my life to some kind of stable level.  My ex moved out and I stayed in the same apartment, barely able to do basic chores, but I managed.  Coming out of the hospital and not really feeling like I had much to lose, in December of 2015 I started smoking weed.  I had smoked a several times in the past, but I had a negative overall connotation of smoking all the time.  Weed did a lot for reducing my stress levels, and helped my anxiety somewhat, but it wasn't anywhere near where I needed to be to start having a normal life again.In April 2016, I saw an article about using psychedelics to treat depression and anxiety.  Seeing what marijuana had did for me, I decided to give it a try.  I had used psychedelics a few times in the past, but purely recreationally.My first experience was amazing.  I took a 200ug dose at home and felt like all the secrets to the universe were revealed to me.  Somehow nothing mattered, yet everything mattered at the same time.  I actually posted on reddit during my first trip.(https://www.reddit.com/r/LSD/comments/4dus2b/you_are_a_grain_of_sand_who_thinks_they_are_a/)  The next day my anxiety was significantly improved, and lead to me starting to exercise again after sitting around doing nothing for 2 years.  I started going out to bars and socializing, still battling my anxiety very heavily, but I was making some progress.  I had to relearn so much, after being inactive for 2 years, as anxiety had penetrated nearly every thought I had.  LSD (and marijuana) helped me immensely at being able to identify and reshape those types of thoughts.  This was a slow process over the course of several months, and I wasn't magically cured during my first LSD trip, but I was on my way.  I have since taken LSD at least 15 more times, usually between 50ug-100ug doses.  Every time I seem to gain new insight into how my anxiety works and how to reshape negative thoughts into more positive ones.  A lot of it was based in negative biases that I had created that I didn't even realize, and was able to identify and rethink the concept to give myself more positive outlooks.  For example, I generally had a negative view of other people and thought I was smarter than everyone else.  But the combination of the LSD allowing me to socialize more because of the anti-anxiety effects and the self reflection it allowed me to have, I was able to completely change my opinion of other people.  I now really enjoy the company of others and believe that everyone, no matter who they are, can teach even the smartest people something new and interesting.  I make small talk with people all the time, which would never really happened before.  Slowly each dose of LSD, as well as all the weed I was smoking, was allowing me to self reflect and reshape how I thought about things.  I was having several days that felt like they were the best days of my life.  This week has been exceptionally good for me, with my anxiety sitting mostly on the backburner and rarely coming to the surface.So what does lucid dreaming have to do with this?  My waking and sleeping lives are very different.  In my dreams I have no anxiety at all and can reshape the world at will.  If something scary in my dream happens, say I'm put in a pool with a bunch of sharks, I will beat the shit out of the sharks. I basically love dreaming and sleep as much as I can. My waking life is basically the opposite.  Completely paralyzed from fear from absolutely nothing.  So what does this have to do with LSD? LSD can be dangerous if used without respect for the drug.  Even used "correctly" some people might just have a bad trip because of their innate brain chemistry.  LSD has been shown to allow areas on the brain that normally dont talk to eachother the ability to communicate with one another. (http://www.nature.com/news/brain-scans-reveal-how-lsd-affects-consciousness-1.19727)  Could this be anything like what happens when you are dreaming? Is the reason that LSD has been so successful for me at treating my anxiety is because I am able to redirect my thoughts like how I do when I am dreaming?  I feel almost the same type of feeling when taking LSD, like something bad could happen if I let it (the sharks could eat me, AKA have a bad trip), but I am able to push past it in a similar way that I do when I am lucid dreaming.  Of course I have done very little research on this, but it makes sense to me.I have literally reshaped my brain and I am a much different person than I was a year ago. I am much more rounded and actually excited about life.  I like people.  I like doing things besides playing video games.  I actually feel much smarter than I was, even before all of this went down.I am still taking my time going back to work, as I want to make sure what happened before will never happen again, but my life since April has been amazing, and I never thought I would be able to reach this level of mental stability in my life.  I made sure I had a few key ideas in mind before I started out:#1 - its a drug and it will wear off, its not forever.#2 - be in a comfortable, anxiety free environment - avoid activities that can trigger anxiety (scary movies, etc)#3 - stay positive, I know its hard with mental disability on top of the drug, but be an optimist as much as you canI've since added to the list, that is personally for me, because I know how I react to the drug:#3 - don't take more than 50ug around other people (really small dose, I know, but given my history of mental illness and social anxiety, I don't really want to mess with this too much, I took 100ug at one point around other people and it seemed a little too intense for me.)#4 - stick with 50ug doses overall (I found this is the best dosage to eliminate my anxiety and not feel like I'm drugged out)  Since I use mostly as a theraputic it makes no sense for me to take higher doses than necessary.#5 - If I am taking a recreational dose, make sure its during the daytime and I have plenty of stuff to do.  It lasts forever for me and I start feeling really burnt out toward the end if I run out of things to do.TL;DR - Had mental breakdown, LSD and marijuana helped me pick up the pieces - I love life now
Hello everyone! So I am having bad shoulder pains and it pops when I move it. They gave me the number for an orthopedic specialist to call in the morning. They also gave me Tramadol... I would have rathered something that works, like hydro. Trammy has never worked for me. It is slightly better than aspirin. But what ever, I will just go back in a few months and say it quit working and hope they up me to hydro. But my big question here is, can you really get high off trmmy if you take 200mg? I have read that 300 is where you start to get into OD level. But everything I am reading says 200 is safe and will get you a nice little high. Has anyone done this? Does it really get you there? I have never taken that much of it. Most I have done was 100mg and I did not feel anything really. Maybe a slight buzz.
So, I am someone quite fascinated by the world of drugs. Having that said, I strictly limit my experimentation to psychedelics and cannabis. I have taken uppers in the past, which triggered a lot of anxiety that I'm only stopping to suffer from now, two years later. Now that I finally don't need suffocating benzos anymore, I am laying low and stick to alcohol for a good time:)Most of my friends still do their thing, which is totally fine by me as I have no interest in dabbling in their worlds anymore. Several people seem to *love* rolling. I educated myself quite well about it in the past, and read about its supposed euphoric effect, and increased feelings of joy, love and pleasure. I attended a music festival this summer with a couple of friends who were rolling, and one of them even said "I can't wait until you see me on Molly. I am so much fun!"Well, no, not really. And it wasn't just her.All the people I've been around who were rolling  have been quite cold, to say the least. She rapidly went from cordial and warm, to sarcastic, blunt, and fairly stressed out. She was irritable, and just distant from me. I was initially sober during this instance and then smoked a few joints, as to which point she kept getting more and more restless. She couldn't wait to do another line and snorted it in a plastic bag in the middle of the lawn. The idea of being without MDMA was extremely aggravating to her, which I understood, since I know how terrible of a reputation this comedown has. I figured, everyone reacts differently to drugs, so maybe that's just her.But it wasn't.I was hanging out with a former love interest, during Halloween night, and he was also rolling. He had invited me, but I refused and stuck to wine. We went dancing and had a great time, but I felt the exact same thing: coldness. I recently saw him again, and he was rolling once more, but had the same 'dead-eyed' look my other female friend did at the festival. Distant, detached, and not particularly happy or carefree at all. Just tense looking and borderline uncomfortable?Now my question is: is this common? Do people who roll only vibe with others on the drug? Are these two isolated cases, or is it a thing that those not on the drug notice too? It really contradicts my previous beliefs on MDMA, so I'm just curious.TL;DR: Friends who roll get weirdly cold, distant and detached, borderline uneasy and restless... in an uncomfortable way. Definitely not the carefree, loving impression I had of MDMA. Is this common? 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SvFsML5oUsI  experimented with sampling a little bit, that was fun.If you do decide to listen to it listen to the whole thing, there a lot of transitioning and changes in the song.
Thought id share this experience.Keep in mind Ive never done amphetamine before.I put 30mg into a 6ml syringe of water, and then dropped about .5ml into a cup of water and drank it.There was really no taste to the water at all, I thought this was strange.It took about an hour to kick in, and it was very subtle. I didn't feel any euphoria, maybe a bit of a mood lift.Id say the stimulation was comparable to like 100/200mg of caffeine, maybe less then that. It felt more like a nootropic then anything, wasn't bad at all.
Hey guys,I have a question on eating drugs sublingually. Specifically Xanax. Whenever I pop one under my tongue 5 minutes later I have a bunch of bitter tasting death through my gums and tongue that I have to accumulate and swallow. Is this norman?Am I meant to keep it there long enough for it to all vanish? Cheers guys 
For the unenlightened, r/drugscirclejerk has been talking about boofing (plugging) nbombs for as long as I've been on Reddit.That got me thinking...Can you really do this?  Has anyone done it?I could get liquid LSD (don't like nbombs) for this.  Any advice would be helpful.No answers on Google afaik.  Some similar posts but not a lot of helpful answers or experiences.
Are there any apps that can easily keep track of drug usage over long periods of time? I really want to keep track of the substances I use and maybe even be able to record the dosage and reason as to why it was taken. 
I took 2 points of molly on 11/23 and want to take one today possibly. I know the recommended break is 2-3 months but I was wondering if doing it this one time too early will be too harmful. I will definitely not roll for another 3 months after today, however.
First, I will start by saying I know it is all my fault and I am a dumbass for ever allowing my phenibut habit to get out of control. What 1 year ago started out as taking 3grams of phenibut  Monday,Wendsday, and Friday of the week turned a year later to taking around 33 grams of phenibut every Monday,Wensday, and Friday. In 2 weeks due to circumstances I will start my journey to quit my phenibut habit for good. I know withdrawals will most likely be hell, that is why I am asking for help. Is there any supplements anyone can recommend I can take while I taper to make withdrawals less harsh. I appricate any advice I can receive. And again I know I am a dumbass. Thanks
I know benzos kill or dull psych trips. Does anyone have any information for me on if this applies to dissos as well?I took 3mg of Diclazepam this morning, and plan on doing some 3-MeO-PCE tonight.Thanks in advance, friends.
I was recently diagnosed with bipolar disorder and was prescribed lithium carbonate to treat it. I take 450mg twice a day. Before the diagnosis, I had used 2cb probably a dozen times, all being positive experiences. I still have close to a gram, and it's by far my favorite recreation drug. I can't seem to find any evidence on whether this combination is safe.
So I've taken adderall before and I love it. I love that you can't control how focused you are you just are. However, I recently bought some vyvanse off a friend and I've been taking 40 mg every week or so and I get a totally different feeling. I feel as though I need to focus on focusing which just ends up making me insanely anxious and after doing that for a while I just chill in bed and play some whale trail. Does anyone else experience a lack of focus and a desire to just chill out and feel the high if you know what I mean?
Coccinedellidae, or the *ladybuy* has had lots of controversy in r/Drugs recently. I was curious about this matter as well, so I delved into some research. As I've founding research; The alkaloids in a single beetle would have a very little effect on a human. You would need around 250 for one 'dose.' This type of ritual is done in a select few tribes, in which they called it their "secret concoction" These tribes are facing very harsh difficulties in their current area, and are likely to face death. Because of this, they discussed their ideas with the nearby african hospitals. Soon, heavy research is to be done on the ladybug. The tribe claims it can have *profound* benefits to you. The say its the only drug they consume and they have had so sicknesses, depression, etc. since.Curious about the process of extracting the psychoactive ingredient. All that was said in the book I read was that they acquire 400-500 crickets to start (and thats just 5 doses) , and then they mash them in bucket, obtain juices from the bottom-and then I'm not sure where it goes from thereWhat I was most interested about was the HIGH it produced. The way it was discussed made every other drug seem like nothing. * No noticeable withdrawal/comedown. * Not physically addictive (but possible psychological* EUPHORIA EUPHORIA EUHORIA*Out of body experiences*described as beautiful, but no in a trippy wayapparently when the indians reach this stage they "hug everyone around in sight and just cry in happiness" Your thoughts are said to shot back to youre early memoriesA quote from on of the indians: >"I never thought that I would be able to actually relive my childhood, vividly. Every emotion I had at time was genuine, I looked around at my family, at my mom, right before me and my sister got shipped away. She smiled at me and said ''you're gonna be a good boy in life. I would love to watch you, i really do"....Then I shot out of it. I didn't say anything after for a few hours. I was in a weird emotional state..happy, sad, confused, in awe. It meant something, I know it
just picked up 2 tabs for me and my friend (first time both). unfortunately because of finals coming up I have to wait a week or 2 until I can trip. so how can i properly store it without it going "bad" or losing it's potency? again it would only be for a short period of time. thanks. 
I was tripping on acid one time playing gta5 on ps4. I kept looking out my window for police and couldn't figure out why i kept thinking " why do i think cops are rolling up?" I'm not a paranoid person when tripping, i mean I've gotten anxiety and negative thoughts here and there. But I'm looking out the window every five seconds like a fucking strung out tweaker. I realize, ok, I'm seeing straight up red and blue cop lights. It is definitely cop lights. But nothing's there??!?? Then i realize it. I see the light bar on my ps4 controller in my peripherals. It was a solid 15 or so minutes (which is like 2-3 years when your tripping) that i had to stop and figure out why i was seeing red and blue. Was some good acid. This probably isn't the strangest thing to fuck with my head, but I'm playing gta5 right now and i noticed the light bar and remembered it, and now I'm trying to remember the strangest thing.How about you?
Finals week at my university is descending upon me and as you can imagine, I have quite a lot to do. I took an Adderall XR 20 mg at 1 or 2 PM (it's 6 12 now) and feel like I haven't gotten much of an effect out of it. I did eat a huge breakfast directly before (veggie eggs benedict smothered in hollandaise sauce, hashbrowns, you know, the works) and I feel like that may have killed it the effects after looking around the internet a bit. I'm not super well-versed in pills and don't do drugs all that often outside of regular marijuana use. I've taken Adderall a few times throughout my college career but it's all been IR. I originally bought 5 XRs (20 mg) and took one on Wednesday and one on Thursday of last week. Other than that, I probably haven't taken any since my freshman year (i'm a senior now) and probably haven't taken it more than 5 or 6 times ever. Anyways, I like the euphoria of IR (was absent with these) but find the longer-lasting effects of XR more desirable.  I've only taken it orally before haven't ever broken open pills, parachuted, snorted, or done anything like that with Adderall before. I guess my question is how I can get the best effects out of these last two pills that I have. I'm not looking to make this a habit so I won't be buying any more for a while once these are gone. Any input or suggestions are appreciated! 
fuck it man, so I get kicked out of the mall because i call a women a cunt for telling me to get out of the female toilets, fuckin bitch i needed to toke my reefer. but of course you have to go to the females toilets to do it due to it being illegal.... i just wish u could do it like when my mate denis chugs a beer throws a left n a right hook and vomits on his pants and hes a legend and i call some fat slut a cunt and im getting excorted out... 
There is this program I got put into, due to probation and violating it by not going to school. It's a minimum of 6 months, and they pick me up every day in a van at 8AM, and take me to their school. I don't talk to anyone there due to them being "weird" kids and I feel out of place every day. The days are so long, I get home at 6-6:15PM, and I can't leave my house unless I'm with my mother, and I have to fill out a form the day before. My friends at my old school haven't been talking to me, and I've been super lonely. I was drinking for about 1-2 weeks, every night since I got out in the program, but that's caused problems. What drug should I try? LSD lasts too long and it would last into the next day. They also drug test me randomly, so I can't smoke weed. I have a fast metabolism. Any drug suggestions to make me happier/less lonely?? Thank you all!
So, as a college student who likes to party, I usually spend ~$20 a week on alcohol... which is starting to add up now that I have other expenses n shit. I've heard of GHB/GBL, is that any good? any other cheaper alternatives out there, or do I have to just keep buying 24pks of PBR & whatever low-tier vodka I can afford?TIAE:x-posting to /r/researchchemicals since they may know more drugs lol
I've just got into the house and techno scene and went to my first rave. Everyone knows that MDMA and raves go hand in hand and I had an awesome time! There is a lot going on in my area with dance music and I would like to go to some of these events but I don't wanna mess my brain up by taking it every few weeks and i know people who go to these like every other weekend but I thought taking xtc that close by was dangerous?So my question is, what do you seasoned ravers do? Take an alternative drug? Just drink alcohol? I don't think i could go to one without being on some sort of drug, even though i enjoy the music.


So I had a bunch soma's leftover from a bad sinus infection. I took one when I was sick and it made me passout almost instantly. After finding the bottle I decided to experiment a little bit, I would take 3 and it would give me the same feeling as when I first took benzos (drunk, giddy, loss of motor skills) but after a few days 3 would do absolutely nothing. So I kept bumping it up and up and eventually I was up to 8 (yeah I know thats a crazy amount and can cause seizures but I take a large amount of klonopin so I felt somewhat safe). Eventually 8 wouldnt do anything, like absolutely nothing not even cns depression. Then I decided screw it after I took them and grabbed some food and boy oh boy did I feel it after that, it hit me like a truck. I learned that eating AFTER you take them actually makes them kick in stronger I guess? I still dont get a steady high from this drug even after months of not taking it I took 3 and ate after, didnt feel anything so idk anybody have experience with this drug?tl;dr Soma is a weird drug sometimes it works and sometimes it doesnt regardless of the dose, eating after taking it seems to make it kick in.
Okay guys.When you take Heroin, does anything happen to your sound? Or when you try to talk?A girl I work with admitted today that she's a junkie (we've only worked 2 days together...) and going into detox tomorrow. I offered her my help in case she needs anything while going through WDs and wished her the best of luck before she left work. Now here's my question. As we worked together alone for the first time last week, she went to the bathroom for a decent amount of time. When she came out she was extra hyper and seemed to be loud/had problems hearing customers. She also started hugging on me and acting real lovey dovey and shit. I was kind of weirded out but tbh the way she acts I expected her to go into the bathroom and do some drugs so I wasn't too taken aback.I understand that she's probably NOT lying about being a junkie, but does Heroin do this to people? I always picture those on opiates as people nodding off and mellowing out, not a care in the world. This girl was HYPE AS FUCK and seemed like she got a boost of energy. Would longtime Heroin use produce these effects as opposed to the usual nodding off/becoming a cozy little ball of love? I thought she was doing Meth last week but today she tells me she's a heroin junkie so IDK. Maybe she just had some coke that day or something, didn't seem to be sniffling much so IDK what to think.Side note: I've tried 10mg of Percocet before. Didn't feel a damn thing so I really don't know what an opiate high is like. I just figured they'd kind of be like that benzo feeling coupled with acid-like euphoria. Thanks /r/drugs. Love you
Hi everyone, hope you all are having a nice day, just got a little question for everyone...So, I got some microdots, they're super, super tiny, and let me just say, I LOVE LSD.So, just out of curiosity... could they perhaps be "rectally administered" for a stronger or quicker effect?As much I hate they idea... idk guys I really love acid.tldr: if I put acid up my ass will it kick in hander or stronger please don't think I'm weird please don't think I'm weird please don't think I'm werid
Hey guys! I'm currently doing a final project for my Logic class. For a portion of the assignment I am required to find articles online that contain one of the many logical fallacies. * (https://web.cn.edu/kwheeler/fallacies_list.html)I have quite a few done already, but I would like to finish out with a few articles on drugs. It would give me something interesting to write and read about. I'm not asking for anyone to complete my assignment for me, but could you guys point me in the direction of some really bogus articles about drugs?? Much love
Hi my name is noah and I'm in the 10th grade I have just recently moved in with a friend in search of a better life see I use to smoke weed and trip acid that's not so bad right . We'll see the problem is it was getting bad and still is cause I started stealing from my mom in order to buy these drugs I was lieing and manipulateing my family I was always in a bad mood and nothing was fun endless I was high and still isn't see I love drugs I will admit it I love them I love being high there's nothing more too it but I tripped acid with a few " friends " of mine and took over four tabs I experinced something almost serial it was like I was in another world I've never felt so out of my self and well it maid me come clean all the guilt and built up aggression just had to come out so I told my mom all the horrible things I had been doing stealing smoking befor school every morning at least two grams and I know weed isn't that bad and the drugs I was using aren't that harmful but the way I went about it was all wrong and I've realized that know but , now I'm living with a friend and it's all on the table I promised my mom of out respect that I would stay sober intill high school was over but it's killing me going to a new school a new life a new me I don't want all that tbh but I gotta do it for her I just don't know what to do cause I feel depressed all I want is to get high but I can't for my mom what should I do cause I feel as if I could just smoke weed and nothing more you know but everyone's so proud of me and their happy that I'm turning my life around and even if it makes me sound horrible I don't know if I wanna quit doing drugs like I said I love them but at the same time I do wanna quit for her I just don't know what to do can any one help me? Sorry I know I have terrible grammar and punctuation 
I apologize for the long post. I am panicking and I feel all the details need to be included. First of all, I would like to say that I believe my body is extremely sensitive to a lot of medications and various drugs. I went on a light Adderall binge starting around a week ago. The dosages weren't high at all as far as I know, compared to others. 125mg over a course of 3/4 days. One of those days I took two of the 25mg XR's I had. I got maybe 5 hours of sleep over the course of this. I was also drinking copious amounts of caffeine. I probably drank roughly 1800-2000 mg of caffeine over the same course, as well as eating hardly anything. Another thing I think that may have affected this is marijuana withdrawal. I stopped smoking a day before this started, and I had been smoking basically daily for months. (Although I just smoked again to see if it would combat these feelings, and there's little to no improvement as far as I can tell) Anyway, as I was coming down on the 4th day, me and my girlfriend got into a big fight in the morning. (basically due to me being so sleep deprived and out of my mind), I knew I wasn't thinking straight, so I decided to go to sleep a few hours later. I only slept for 2 hours and then woke up. So I think I was still being slightly affected by all the coffee and adderall I took roughly 18 hours before. I ate, and felt a little less fatigued than I previously did. Then a few hours later, I started thinking about my relationship, and realized I felt nothing: none of the love and compassion etc. I would normally feel. I started to worry that I didn't care about my girlfriend. This gave me incredible anxiety. Then I realized I felt nothing toward anything. My friends, family, pets, memories. I started to worry I've never cared about or loved anything.And everything just feels off. Looks slightly different. I think I still need sleep. I'm not looking for a therapist, but I thought I'd include all of the details and thought processes I went through, as I'm worried. Has anyone experienced this? How long is it going to stay? I'm scared I am going to be stuck like this for a long time from what I've read about "anhedonia". If someone can give me some advice, it would mean a lot.edit:format
Is this a dangerous combo? I need to get to sleep tonight but dont wanna die.  I know kratom has less respiratory depression than most opioids but I don't have a good estimate of how much it has.  I would take a reasonable amount of benzos and then enhance with weed.
So I've done LSD and mushrooms before - so I know what tripping feels like. But I swear to god I had stronger insights from 1 bong hit of weed, then what I've had with LSD before.Situation:I was with 4 friends.  2 of them took 160 ug of LSD. I had a few drinks and a few bong hits. And the other friend was sober.Mind you: the sober friend has never tripped before and doesn't smoke weed because she gets in a bad head space from marijuana. Naturally she's very level headed, intelligent, open-minded and aware. - it's almost as if she has these 'realisations' from no drugs at all.ANYWAY.The two guys who took LSD are mid trip and I'm feeling pretty stoned at this point. We are all outside laying on the grass, listening to music, feeling SO HAPPY, telling each other how much we love life etc.We go around in a circle and tell each other good things about each other and how we wish everyone could feel this way in life and then we realised that basically any song we put on sounded GREAT.Then we all somehow got into the same collective head space - even though we weren't all on LSD.. it was realy weird. and we started to unravel the 'truth'We realised that everyones perceptions of life are each different and none of them are necessarily 'true'. It's all how we individually perceive things that makes it true to ourselves.One of the guys started to almost freak out a bit, and so did I. becuase I wasn't even tripping but I felt like I understood THE TRUTH.The other girl who was sober was just nonchalently like 'yeah this is how I always think' 'I'm always high on life'and I realised that she is basically always in this headspace and drugs are just a way of allowing some people to access this particular way of seeing things. SO it kinda felt like we were all on the same level of perception regardless of what drugs we were on in that moment.Things for me got really weird- I wasn't having visuals. But my headspace... I couldn't even comprehend how reality worked anymore it was so fucked. I felt like I had 'broken reality' but I knew when the weed wore off I would go back to normal... (which normally wears off for me after a few hours.. but this particular time I felt dissosiated all night and even for half the day this morning when I woke up)I realised that life is literally just how you make it. Everyone's perception is completely different. and there really is no reason to ever be upset because ... well fuck it. Reality is weird as hell and consiousness is almost impossible to try and comprehend.Does anyone else have a similar experiance?Maybe I just shouldn't take psychs lol and I'm really suseptible to this shit... idk. I bought the tabs of LSD they took, and I was planning on taking it next week. But NOW, after this experiance just from weed... I'm reconsidering if it's even necessary.
Hey y'all, currently going through finals week in my freshman year of college and I needed something to boost my studying so I bought some Adderall.  I took 20mg and redosed with 10 mg a couple hours later.  I feel fine and focused but my knees have a weird fuzzy feeling in them.  Is this normal?  
I"m specifically taking Prozac but I'm sure the general stifle of creativity applies to all anti-depressants. I also am wondering if my thoughts will become fluid again, ever since I started taking them it's been all muddled and I feel slower. 
I'm 5'3 and 136 pounds with most of my weight being lower body muscle so I'm relatively small. I've been smoking weed with my friends for about 10 months or something. I just started doing other things these past two months like Xanax, adderall, dabs, and I was supposed to get thc. I'm not really into drugs but my friends were getting me into stuff. Anywho Friday after school I took Xanax and smoked a ton of weed. (It's currently Sunday) I've done it before once and blacked out and this was my second time. It was funny at first but I can't remember anything all I remember is my whole body felt numb and I think I met God. He wasn't something I could see or hear but more of a sensation I felt. Then I remember freaking out thinking I died. Then being home and having a mental break down. I tried to run away. But ever since that I feel like I'm dead. I think I died or something. I literally currently think I'm in limbo or in a coma. The way I see the world right now is the same way I see it when I'm high but I'm completely sober. I keep crying and I always feel tired. I'm literally always sleeping and I just want things to go back to the way they were before. I'm just really scared and confused. Also I had given blood the same day a few hours before and idk if that affects anything. 
I bought various bottles of e-juice, each claiming to contain cocaine, morphine, temazapem and THC. How can I check if they actually contain these drugs or anything like it, and how potent? Is it even possible? I'm clueless when it comes to the testing kits people speak about, please could someone talk me through how to do it for e-liquid? I'm in the UK. 
[Day 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Drugs/comments/5g5a7a/benadryl_withdraw_day_2/?st=IWB3EPFX&sh=c6c3a34d)I feel like a failure. You can read the last 2 post above. So the reason I feel this way is because on day 3 the itching and nausea was just getting too bad. I was also so tired. I only took 2 but I had a beer before and I fell asleep finally after some time. But I woke up early still feeling nauseous because I hadn't eaten the day before and didn't eat again until last night. I took 3 Benadryl last night and hardly got any sleep. I'm so tired. For some reason they aren't even working even with the 2 days off. Today I feel so tired. I am going to take 2 more tonight. Cold turkey is just NOT the way to go with this people. Trust me. Wean yourself off. Starting tomorrow I will take 2 a day and then go down to one and then one every other day. I'm also noticing that all of my allergies are acting up. I once took a allergy a few years back and it popped up for a bunch of shit. I never cared because I always took Benadryl so I never saw any real reactions. Only time I ever did was when I ate or touched something during the day and my skin itches or throats closed and that night I took Benadryl and was fine. So I'm realizing Benadryl might not be something I can't take. Since there are very few antihistamines that stop itching I am sort of out of options. However I do plan on withdrawing and I will keep you guys posted on when I'm no longer dependent on this drug. 
What are some examples of people who excelled at something that drugs like adderall or steroids would have helped. I'm interested in looking into people who were naturally good at something and their life styles. On a side note, when ever i watch tv or videos on something live, i can tell sometimes when people are on drugs. There's no doubt in my mind when celebrities get into high pressure situations like a talk show and they know they're gonna be nervous, or not sharp enough they're gonna take some drugs. You can really see it on peoples faces. It sucks to think that to do great things or important things you HAVE to be spiked up on something. 

Like before you knew how much more motivated you could be with adderall or how alcohol could make you forget about your worries and insecurities, etc.? I feel like once you've done a few different drugs you cant help but see the world differently and think about how every situation and experience, even if enjoyable on it's own, could be enhanced by something. Don't get me wrong, drugs are fun, but sometimes I wonder if life would be simpler if I had never figured that out. 
I suppose this mostly applies to opiates (which I've never used), but others feel free to chip in.  On Intervention or other addiction shows, a lot of users say "I need XX amount just to stay well" or "I need at least that much to not be sick." I understand physical withdrawal, but when that "baseline" amount is taken, is there really zero high?  Just back to "sober" and not feeling ill anymore?  Just trying to understand the logic, thanks.
One time me and my friend were tripping on some good acid and we decided to smoke 2 bowls at the peak of our trip. It felt as though we were waiting for something big to happen, but nothing ever happened. That feeling of being anxious and waiting for something to happen started to freak us out a little. It made the atmosphere very tense. Began to imagine I was in a scary movie and something was after me. This is when the nightmare trip began. I've heard people say don't look into the mirror when you're tripping but I decided to try it anyway. My face started morphing and that freaked me out. I remembered to just go with it and kept myself under control. We figured out we needed to be distracted from this nightmare trip so we played gh3 and smash melee until we passed out. Originally was a comment thought I would post my experience
The whole week I have been looking forward to trip today.  Everything was perfect. I was in a good mood, the weather nice, some trees still colorful, no obligations today or tomorrow.  My plan was to take 125ug LSD half an hour after leaving the house, so I would arrive at my favorite spot when peaking.  I left my home, enjoyed the walk through the forest.  Then, I opened my little plastic bag, and whoosh, a gust of wind blew it away.  Guess, someone had a different plan.
basically as the title says. I took about 100mg of loperamide and then procured 20 mg of oxycodone a few hours later. I've heard loperamide can have a blocking effect on other opiates but I've also heard it can act as a potentiator for other opiates. I've used it to boost kratoms effects before, but that was with doses around 10mg not 100mg+. I'm also on the third night of a meth binge with little food/sleep/water. Will this also diminish the oxys effects? 

Took mushrooms when I was 16 (way too young in hindsight). The way I saw the world and myself was heavy, but it didn't cause any mental illness to emerge as far as I am aware. I'm going to Amsterdam soon (I will be 18) and there's a high likelihood I may take shrooms again, in a much small dose this time. Is it still possible I could develop a mental illness after I drop or has my first trip proved I am safe form that sort of stuff? I'm much more conscious of my mental state these days which is why I'm asking. 

x-post from r/lsdI took a 150 mic blot. Since this was my first time on LSD, I had planned to write on Google Keep about the experience. And whenever I felt like taking out my phone, I made notes. But yet, it was a much more deeper and stronger trip compared to the text that's below. Everything was clearer and more meaningful.*The entire text below is almost exactly what I've written on Keep other than a few minor edits and name changes (to 'My friend'.*23:30: Popped the blot12:10: Played a game of Mini Militia12:15: A friend gets his hit12:20: Mild feelings of euphoria01:20: Euphoric, as fuck 01:50 I can't type what I feel right now, but I want to.I can't record this.Oh, fuck!I can't see what I feel!I can't feel what I see!So much positivity.So much euphoria.Feel weak physically, but strong mentally.02:15: . . .  03:00: "Still talking about trash talking, are we?" I tripped on that! I tripped on what I just said. It's a loop, a loop of euphoric trips. Everything is so beautiful, it's all around you. But this is one speck of my imagination, of only my imagination. My friend says it's real. I wanna remember this. I feel the future. I feel the future. Is that even a feeling? Aand the future is beautiful and the future for everyone should be beautiful. My friend who's looking at my screen isn't really believing that I'm typing, but what I'm doing right now is so insignificant to what I feel. Have I explained myself yet? Or is this a loop I created again and again. I've written something beautiful. I feel that. And I want everyone to feel this. Feel this precise moment. Not one precise moment."Hahahhahahahhahahhhahhahahahaa.: A loop of ha-s. I just wrote that so I can read that. A little too future-centric. Aren't we? Aren't we all? 03:10.I'm happy I can keep track of time. Yet, I'm tripping. I know where I am. It feels so euphoric. I feel it!I love it! 03:15: Scenes from Interstellar. Love the music. Love the depth of everything about it.03:30I do not want to forget this. Let's create. Let's share. Life can get that beautiful. 03:35 It's coldaf!Everyone around me, I love them. "Thinking always all ways."Feels.(*went out to take a walk*)06:30: Overthinking at its prime.Able to think and listen .10:30  Still Awake18:30 Woke up. It was beautiful. Life has a lot of meaning.
Soooo, it's sunday evening, around half past 7. I was supposed to meet up with my girlfriend but turns out she has to study. Then, somehow, I acquired some moxy today and it magically flew out of my stashbox, out of the baggie, out of the gel cap directly on my phone in a line shape! Looks like I have no chance. Let's see how this will turn out. T+00 Snorted aprox 6mg, the burn is there but it's okay. Now, excuse me, I have two sandwhices waiting for me. Okay this didn't turn out how it was supposed to be one single bit. Literally 5 minutes after I posted this, I receive a text from my gf saying 'Open your door'. I did and she was standing there, turned out she just pranked me and came over, right after I fucking railed the line!!! At this point she knows nothing. Well, she knows that I trip every now and then and that I'm super interested in drugs but never did she saw me on something different than alcohol and weed. Okay I act it cool and decide to tell her nothing until it's over or only if it's getting intense and there is no other way around it. So I waited. T+60 We're watching How I met your mother and I see slight color enhancement, also I started having a body high, which was more enjoyable than described in other reports. T+120 She still knows nothing. I'm having a great time, I'm seeing cool CEV's while kissing, I was feeling very emotional towards her, it was just beatiful and everything was flowing together perfectly. I had no OEV's other than color saturation. T+270 I feel nothing of the effects anymore, it was pretty quick and easy going, at no point I felt like I was tripping, at max I seemed a little confused, but no more than I usually am anyways. I told my gf that I took moxy because I thought I'd be a alone tonight, and she asked me how it was etc. Chill. Now.. Is this what 6mg moxy should be like? I read that 6mg nasal would be a medium-strong dose, but other than slight CEV's for say 30mins there wasn't much to it. Should I try taking 12mg oral next time? 
Well it's been a weird couple days, and I haven't really had anyone to talk to about this experience...So, I'm a college student, and in my friend's residence hall, there's this really pretty girl that everyone knows for doing hard drugs and constantly being fucked up and walking around crying.  I never really knew her too well, but I'd met her a few times.I've been feeling kind of reckless this week (did a bunch of acid on Monday and xans on Wednesday), and on Thursday night I bumped into this girl, started talking, and she offered me some molly.  I'm pretty experienced with psychedelics, benzos, weed, and some opioids, but I'd never done molly.  For some reason, I decided to go for it.  Keep in mind, the xans from the night before may have made me a bit more reckless.  Plus, I'm a first semester freshman dude, at the bottom of the food chain, and this really pretty girl was taking an interest in me and offering me free drugs.  Why not right?  We went back to her room and took the molly. Now, this girl is really pretty, but as the molly kicked in, I was blown away by how beautiful she is.  We talked about our pasts, our depression, our drug use.  I'm a musician, and I learned that she's a really talented artist.  We talked about music, and art, and ancient Mayan history, and our past relationships, and everything else.  We hugged really tight a bunch of times and the smell of her hair was so nice.  We were laughing and hanging out and having a great time.  It was so much fun.  I played guitar and ukulele for her, she showed me all her artwork.  She Facetimed some friends for a few minutes near the end of the roll which made me feel sort of left out but it was like 10 minutes tops.  I went home around 1 in the morning and crashed.I woke up the next day with her in my head, her hair, her smile, her laugh.  It was so giddy and childish but sweet at the same time.  I then went over to my friends dorm to smoke.  I saw her in the hallway.  It was like noon and she was fucked up, it was hard to even talk to her because she was on so many xans.  I said I'd hit her up later to smoke or something.We snapchatted for the rest of the day.  She consistently kept replying, but she didn't take up my offers to actually hang out and smoke.  Her messages were barely coherent because of the xans she was on.  I just wanted to spend time with her, to chill and smoke on the comedown.  I told myself she was just really high and to not take it personally.I hit her up today, too.  She kept sending me halfhearted, disinterest replies until I sent her a picture of some weed I had.  Then she got excited, wanted to smoke, started replying way more for a few minutes, (LOL) before changing her mind and deciding she didn't feel like smoking anyway.I'm trying not to take it so seriously.  I know that what I felt that night was just the molly.  We definitely have stuff in common, and get along - but that insane rush, that falling for her, was the molly.Most of all, I know that hanging out with her would probably cause me to get hooked on xanax again (she sells them, and is constantly on them).  And getting hooked on xans again might ruin my life.She doesn't seem particularly interested in me.  She doesn't seem particularly interested in anything besides doing drugs.  This makes me very sad, because it makes such a beautiful, intimate experience feel cheap and fake.  And also, she seemed so beautiful, so pure that night.  I want her to be okay.I also find my own sadness pretty hilarious, because I didn't know this girl at all 3 days ago, and all these feelings were created in one night of molly.  How weird is that?  I'm sure she had fun on Thursday night, but for her I think it was just getting high with someone, just a roll with a new dude.  For me it was my first roll and it was...crazy.  Intense.  Beautiful.I know it was all just the drugs and the feelings will probably pass soon.  But it's strange how the molly could create such an intense feeling, that effects me so strongly even two days after it's worn off.  Have any of you guys experienced anything like this?TL;DR:  Took molly with cute girl.  Developed a crush.  Drugs are weird.
We have all decided to walk back to my place to retrieve my bong and downstem to smoke out of since the blunt-rolling wasn't going too well. We were all was drunk, high, and xanned out (6mg between 2 of us and my other friend took 8, he couldn't walk straight at all) when this was happening. So we end up walking a fairly short distance to my house but it took us 2 hours to get there, which it usually takes only 30 minutes max. So I go get my bong out of my shed and we smoke a little by the park by my house, now we're all really fucked up and it's hard to even walk. We get back to our original location, and I decided (why not take a bowl with half of the emptied backwood tobacco and half weed??) So I ended up doing just that, and it got me absolutely FUCKED out of my mind. I was tingling and shit all over and it was nice. But the thing is, I know that cigarillos aren't supposed to be inhaled, so would me inhaling this backwoods tobacco in a bong rip cause me any serious harm? I know people pack popper bowls all the time with just cigarette tobacco and weed, so would this have been any worse than doing that?
Yesterday night I took 150 mg of tramadol and a molly. I consume low quantities of tramadol regularly, I find it very satisfying but it was my first time ever on mdma,  I woke up this morning pretty hungover but ended up feeling better with lots of water and sleep, the only thing that doesn't go away is this horrible headache. Any suggestion on how to stop it? 
Typical teenager stoner here, have only ever used marijuana and alcohol in the past. Looking to dip my toes in the psychadelic world and I was wondering if it was a good idea to do either shrooms or acid before the other. I figured it made sense to try around 2-2.2g of shrooms first, then maybe give acid a try at some point. Any suggestions on which to try first? I can access both relatively easily. 
So I'll start off by saying I don't do a lot of nitrous, so I don't have much to compare this to. It's the second batch of 25 canisters that I've bought. What I've been noticing with this batch which I didn't notice with the last(different brand) is that when I inhale it from the balloon, it feels like there's stuff floating around and going into my mouth and throat? I don't even really know how to describe the texture or taste. Has anyone noticed this before? I even put a quadruple folded paper towel over the canister then the balloon over that in order to filter the air, but I still tasted/felt it. 
I wish governments treated addiction compassionately, as a health issue, due to the fact that it's overwhelmingly caused by being in an adverse situation. Like, so many people are driven into addiction due to suffering, and if someone else's life makes mine look like a blessing in comparison then I've got nothing but respect for that person.But what about those leading more fortunate lives? If your life was going very well, would it just be extremely difficult to GET addicted to something? There's a lot of addiction among celebrities - must mental health issues etc be to blame in these cases? My dad used to do heroin and has always said it was his own fault, that he followed friends and music or whatever - but he was at a really hard time in his life after a really hard childhood. Is there a threshold of good luck/privilege, beyond which it becomes your own fault?  What do you all think?
I was put on Prozac again due to anxiety/depression and bulimia nervosa disorder. When I was 16 I was only on 15mg but now I'm on a 20mg dosage. I'm feeling great; I feel like my attention has improved and I'm getting things done. I also don't feel so tired. I don't feel so impulsive around food anymore as I used to be, but I have this weird "something needs to be in my mouth" need. (I was already joking around with this with my LDR boyfriend and he's very supportive of curing it lol) I know people who quit smoking miss the sensation of having a cigarette in their mouth and I feel like it's the similar feeling. I usually just eat carrots or pretzels, but I'm literally not craving anything and I'm more than often not hungry.  Chewing gum makes my stomach upset and hard candy could be a good idea, but it gets boring and I'm not into sweets. Does anyone know what I'm talking about and does anyone have any alternatives to this? 
For the super moon I found [this post]( https://www.reddit.com/r/MDMA/comments/5d0k64/super_moon_in_australia_last_night/) on r/MDMA and I totally fell in love with the [linked image]( https://i.reddituploads.com/5c0fe809402948ab969f39e5b67d5817?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=d4f6383ddb56109181ff55ee894a842d)I'd like to use it as a wallpaper but it's in a very bad definition and I'm really really bad in image editing. Can someone improve it with a better definition please? (If it's possible 1920x1080). Thanks to everyone![It's my first post here, so if something is wrong in the format or any other thing help me please!]
What do you guys like listening to while tripping? I'm working on constructing my [playlist](https://open.spotify.com/user/fizzleshake/playlist/4jZQ2sy5vG8ovPEKFuOV4p) but I am wondering if just all chill/lofi music isnt good? has anyone tried listening to high tempo music like trap? I remember listening to ilovemakonnen one time and liked it a lot but would that lead into negatives? im planning on using this playlist with one other person of the opposite sex if that helps, dont plan on leading it into anything but if theres certain recommendations based on that lmk. our personality types are ENTJ (M) and ESFP (F) if that helps
So I arrived early to the party, and downed my 5g kratom in milk just to experiment what could happen instead of drinking. Real good mix with weed, no anxiety at all, or really mild anxiety. The greatest thing to me was the fact that if I start getting anxious at some point while partying I would crave any kind of alcohol so I would forget my anxiety instantly, this time it didnt happen at all. Had great moments yesterday, and I myself can say I can stop using alcohol thanks to Kratom, (being much more healthy, I mean alcohol is real poisom) but the fact that where I live its way harder to get cheap Kratom. (Like 6 dollars the dose I took) and the fact I'm in college mood, I'll probably keep drinking. But heyyy go for it if you haven't tried it.tl;dr  kratom + weed amazing feeling no need of alcohol
Does anyone here have first hand experience with this combination? If so, how was it, what dosages did you use?I'm looking for a way to combat the pre flight jitters without dulling the trip and the mind like benzos do. Propranolol seems like a perfect drug for this since it blocks the fight-or-flight reaction. I see some issues with this combination though. For example: vasoconstriction of LSD + slowed down heart rate of propranolol. Also, propranolol is a 5ht1a antagonist. Activation of the 5ht1a receptor causes negative feedback on the 5ht2 receptors. So there might be a chance that propranolol could potentiate the LSD to some extent. You know, I don't want to accidentally turn my 150ug trip to a 1500ug one lol

Now I already know part of the answer: LSD is LSD... you can put it on a fucking raisin and it'll have the same effects.BUTIs there anything inherent about microdots or blotters that makes one superior to the other in certain situations? I have access to both.I know microdots store longer and blotters are easier to conceal, but is there anything else that makes one better?Is it worth the paying the extra few dollars for a microdot?
Hey everyone! I'm a regular weed user, and have recently tried cocaine and MDMA for the first time. I don't want to do coke again....and I know MDMA is bad to take on the regular. The MDMA I got from the dark net and it was pretty fun. Being new to harder drugs....what should I try next? I'll be enjoying it with a FWB at home. Just want something that will provide us with fun for the night! 
2CB gives everything this texture tht mkes everything look little bit crtoon, it's uite funny ctully, I once wrmed up  burger in the microwve nd I lughed.nd the hedfuck mkes it feel like there's no world outside your house, I just lugh. It literlly feels like you're in sim mode, where other houses don't exist, but there kind of not in your gme lol, it feels very personl ctully, I like it.The comeup is such  bitch though, so much nxiety, I feel like corey worthington, I'm thinking "wht the fuck m i doing with my life" lol then it clms down.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xc0CB6URrV0
This is a fucked up story that happen last night at work! I wish I was making this up, but I’m not. I thought I would share it because it has a very important message for everyone that’s in the drug scene. I’m still having a hard time wrapping my brain around what happened. So I was sweeping the floor and one of my coworkers came running up to me saying come here quick, we need you. I looked over and there was a guy laying on the floor. I ran over to him and he was passed out with his face turning dark blue. My supervisor was there trying to wake him up and get a response from him. So I checked his pulse, it was very hard slow beats. As my supervisor called 911, the guy’s pulse started to get weaker and weaker, and then he had no pulse. The guy then started making weird almost snoring sounds as he was convalescing for oxygen (agonal breathing). This went on for about a minute or so and then it stopped. I told my supervisor that I knew CPR, to which he informed the 911 operator. Then he handed me the phone and I told the 911 operator that the guy lost his pulse, was turning blue, and was experiencing agonal breathing. The 911 operator said you have to start CPR right now. I was thinking oh shit! I told the 911 operator that I had never given CPR to a real person and it had been a few years since I had taken a class. She said that didn’t matter, I’ll walk you through what to do, you need to start now. She told me to start doing compressions pushing his chest down about two inches. After about the third compression I felt his ribs cracking and then break. She had me do 3 sets of 31 compressions, and then two breaths. When I would give him a breath, he would make an almost ungodly sound as the air came back out. I had to keep this up for about 10 minutes before the paramedics arrived. The paramedics got out the defibrillator and shock him three times to which he was still unresponsive. They finally hit him with the narcan and that was what brought him back. I guess he was overdosing on heroin or some kind of pain pills. I’m not really sure which one, maybe both.It was a good thing that someone came and got me, I was the only one there that had any idea of how to preform CPR and I was the only one there who was willing to jump into action. I would hate to think of what would have happed if I didn’t do what I did. I’ve never had to do anything like that before, and to tell you the truth, it was scary as fuck. I really didn’t even want to do it, but nobody else was going to do anything. Hell, I don’t even know what to think about it. It kind of blew my mind a bit, and it made me feel weird, almost sick to my stomach. I don’t know what I was thinking or if I was thinking at all. I know I’ll never forget it, and its one of the craziest things that I’ve ever done in my life. Its also one of the craziest unexpected things that’s ever happened around me. Nobody at my work expected the biggest burnout, that fucks everything up, to know CPR and to react in that manner. One thing I want to tell everyone is, if you’re in the drug scene, learn CPR. You never know when it might come in handy. You might save your best friend’s life, or they might save yours. I took CPR classes because I had to in school and then latter, I took them because I know how dangerous drugs and partying can be. I hope everyone got something from this. Taking drugs can be a wonderful experience, but it can also be a deadly one too. Be safe out there.
So i have friend, big smoker, and i want to get him something different so i was think a wood pipe.I have done my research and studied the pro's and con's of smoking from a standard wood pipe.However my questions, given this day and age, is their a wood pipe that is made for smoking weed.
Me and a few friends were caught by bouncers last night in the local club doing coke and they escorted us to the gate, no hassle they even let us get our coats from the cloakroom and we stood outside however one of our friends stupidly asked for the Coke back and which point they said the police were coming and we left, what does this mean? They took no names and they're was no violence or hassle and it's our first time being caught, is it too risky to go back and try get in in a few weeks time or what do you guys think any advice cheers
So I've heard that a certain amount of APAP in tablets can dissolve in water depending on how warm it is - the warmed the water the more APAP that will be dissolved, however almost every CWE tutorial says to use warm water when initially dissolving the tablets.Is this not counter productive? Or does the cooling process done later on in the CWE prevent the APAP from being dissolved and/or make it solid again so it's more easily filtered?
So Kratom is great. At first it had me puking all over the place because of bad Kratom and too high doses. Now I kinda found my dosage range (~2-3g). I love to take it after a hard day to wind down and before going to bed.The sleep I get after a Kratom night is super refreshing and great dreams. One interesting thing however happens: The minutes before falling asleep are  Lucid-Dreaming-esque. Meaning that you are dreaming some scenarios but are still awake.tl;dr I think Kratom is the perfect WILD WBTB aid to lucid dreaming. You just have to take it before sleeping and then try to stay awake or do your lucid dreaming methods. Need to experiment more however and I invite you too.
I just feel like really bodily drunk like I slam into things on accident, but my mind isn't quite as bad. Feels pretty similar to being really drunk though. I guess this is first plateau? like 195 mg. seems interesting. I'll try 2nd plateau next time.
Looking for personal stories or experience, but I was tripping on shrooms last night (maybe a trip report later) and I was watching "the joy of painting" and just wondering what tripping or just being stoned is like to colorblind people, with closed eye visuals or just light patterns or floor tiles with color, etc. please let me know, thanks in advance, have a nice day!
holy fuck. i cant believe it. i havent tried dxm in a year. finally i have successfully experienced my first legitimate positive dissociative experience after the last few times having one negative and scary trip. i can only begin to imagine what ketamine and 3meopcp is like. these drugs really are magic too. they really hold up to the hype and deserve to be represented as valuable as they are. such beauty dissociation is. from a druggie who has experienced a WIDE variety of headstates, i can tell you the following. this is NOT a downer. this is NOT an upper. this is nothing in between and nothing familiar to day to day consciousness. this is an entirely different altered type of consciousness therefore dissociatives really are just full blown fucking trips like psychedelics i am really grateful for this experience. dissociatives are BEAUTIFUL. edit: some drugs just make you say i love you and right now i am really surprised by how DIFFERENTLY i am feeling. i cant begin to express to you guys just how wonderful this class of drugs must bei would be willing to answers any questions if anyone posts them because my mind is thinking in such drastically different ways

A the title says, I am looking for some good combos this winter. I have a week and a half where I have no obligations to anything and as much free time as I need. What are some suggestions to things I could do?**Things I already have on my to do list:*** 300ug LSD* MDMA (unsure of dosage)* Weed* Alcohol* ?Any thoughts would be appreciated
Yesterday, I took shrooms for the first time. Somewhere in the US me and my friends decide that it's about time that we try magic mushrooms. We bought 2 grams each, although my scared consciousness wanted to take only one I took two, obviously. I had everything I needed: my new beanie with bluetooth headphones, great friends, a bonfire and a bucket (in case my stomach failed me). After 40 minutes of nervous waiting and chatting I started to feel something odd in the way I perceived sounds, that's when I decided to isolate myself and let music guide my thoughts. Since I was playing with psychedelics I decided that the "Pink Floyd" were the perfect band for my trip, I opened Spotify ,selected The Dark Side of the Moon and closed my eyes. By the time "On the run" started I was tripping hard. Even though I was sitting in front of a bright and cheerful fire when I closed my eyes the world seemed far more vivid and intense, I was aware of every part of my body, the combination of snow and fire made me feel very awake and numb at the same time, but the real shit was going on inside my head. The songs and the fire projected changing shapes and worlds inside my altered mind, whenever the music got louder and articulate the world inside my head expanded and my mind was being raised higher and higher until I felt above everyone, I could hear my friends laughing hard about nonsense shit, I would have joined them normally but in that moment they sounded so frivolous and superficial. I felt like I opened a door that would reveal and solve all the problems of the world ,the small things didn't matter, I was up in the sky, I could see the big picture ,my small dilemmas where nothing compared to the vastness of the universe. Then suddenly the album ended and I slowly went back to the real world, I opened my eyes to find the worried faces of my friends, told them that I was more than ok and they went back to laughing. For several hours I felt like the trip had opened my mind forever but when the effect started to wear off, I found myself worrying about my school, my relationships and laughing about silly stuff like my trip had never happened, like I went back to being one human out of 7 billions , that's when I decided that I needed to go back there and bought more shrooms.
Hey /r/drugs,I'm getting towards the end of a bout of bronchitis/pneumonia (it feels so good to finally be getting better). I was planning to trip soon, but, having plenty of experience, I know very well that I have to wait until I'm over this sickness, so I'm waiting for my cough to go away. In the last couple of days I'm getting better pretty rapidly, but I still have maybe a week of antibiotics left, and I know that you're supposed to continue a round of antibiotics until they're all gone, even if you feel better. So what I'm wondering is, if I feel completely better but still have several days of antibiotics left, is it necessary to wait until they're finished? Might they have any effect on the trip? I know they can cause side-effects like diarrhea, but I haven't had any of that. Anyone have any experience tripping under those circumstances (feeling well, but still taking antibiotics)? Thanks!
I've been on and off benzos for 10 years now. I was always on fairly low doses and for short periods of time. I'm now prescribed 1mg klonopin twice a day and have been taking this since February. When I started the prescription I was in a bad place mentally and using Etizolam daily as well and built a tolerance quick and got up to about 10mg a day on top of the klonopin. After two months of this I realized I was going down a really bad path and stopped the etiz by tapering but I did it quickly yet Had no withdrawal symptoms because of the klonopin I assume? But I've still been taking my klonopin fairly regularly. Sometimes I forget a dose but within a few hours I start to get restless,Anxious, and Nausea and so I take it. This makes me pretty sure I'm physically dependent on it. I talked to my doctor about what will happen when I go off and he said there would be no withdrawal because it has a fairly long half life. Is this true? I seriously doubt it. I've googled it and it seems like people have had withdrawals from klonopin. I'm just nervous cause I know I can't stay on it forever and don't know what to expect at this point.
I'm looking for something ancient sounding, maybe shamanic. Maybe native american or something, anyone got any good tracks, playlists or albums? I love that wild sounding music, something like A Tribe Called Red - Electric Pow Wow Drum Anyone know anything? Thanks yo
It was mind blowing. The movie itself is like an acid trip. Its about alternate universes that could have been. It was a bit confusing but somehow I totally got it and was absorbed in it. I Highly recommend this.His newer film, the new testament is also pretty awesome.
Alright, so this occurred last night when I was hanging out with my sister and her husband at their place. I have never taken a true dab out of a rig before, I've only hit a pen with some wax in it at a low temp, so it didn't really count.Anyways, I smoke pretty regularly, definitely every weekend and sometimes throughout the week if I'm feeling anxious from school (I'm 16) and while I was hanging out with them I decided I wanted to take my first dab. What happened was my brother in law decided to be a dick and give me a big ass glob (it was a normal size for him since he has a high tolerance), and I didn't know that it would be that bad because I've never done it before. I didn't really know what to expect. He had a quartz banger and it seemed like he didn't really let it cool down that much after he torched it, maybe like 5 or 10 seconds tops, but I trusted him because obviously he knew what he was doing.I hit it for a couple seconds until he told me it was clear, I held it in for like 3 seconds, then exhaled. It hit me like a fucking truck. I face-drained into the trash can and then I started involuntarily swallowing rapidly, and felt like I was going to throw up. Eventually the coughing passed, and I felt alright. I didn't even feel that high, until about 5 minute later, I began to feel my pulse beating against my fucking throat. I was nauseous and I took my heart rate (I was sitting down for a bit, and my resting heart rate is around 80, but it felt WAY faster than this) and it turned out to be going at 118 BPM. I kinda started freaking out, but didn't really show it on my face. I just kept feeling my heart beat rapidly against my throat. During this whole time, it was hard to breathe because it felt like the very bottom of my throat/the top of my lungs were burnt. It eventually got better and I was just fried out of my mind, and my heart rate returned to normal.Tl;dr - First time dabbing, brother in law gave me a big glob that I wasn't ready for, ended up feeling sick as hellWhat the fuck happened? Thoughts?
So I saw this stuff pop on my facebook feed and it had a ton of reviews on it, so I figured meh mineswell try it with the 30% off coupon they had. Ive never drank actual "lean" codeine and promethazine because I am allergic to codeine but I did have a friend pour the "yellow" (tussionex) up and it was good kind of waste though wouldve rather taken it at once. I dont think redosing hydrocodone works that well. Anyways this stuff came I opened the bottle, smells just like cough syrup. Serving is 1 bottle (1 oz) I put it in a Orange sunkist soda and sipped on it, tasted really good a lot of sugar. I felt pretty good on it made me relax and put me to sleep. The main ingredients are kava extract, st johns wart extract and melatonin so it was a decent combo of herbs. Obviously nowhere near a narcotic high. A little pricy though but was fun for the novelty the website is here https://www.actrightsizzurp.com/
I just received 7 2mg Xanax bars... I have never done it before... What should I expect? I don't want to get blacked out or anything like that... how much should I start off with and what does it feel like? I will probably take one for the first time tonight after work... I will be sure to make a shitpost once it kicks in... How long should you wait to take it in between if you don't want to develop a problem?

I just started taking Prozac and on the little "warnings" sheet the pharmacist gave me, it says that I shouldn't be taking drugs that fuck with seretonin, and it specifically mentioned MDMA.I *love* MDMA, and I'm not planning on taking it anytime soon, but I was wondering what I'd have to do if I wanted to. I assume I'd have to stop taking the Prozac a few days before taking the molly?Also, I assume it's safe to smoke weed while taking it?Thanks in advance!
I've tried shrooms 5 times now, every single trip was a fantastic experience, I really like shrooms. So I've always had this fear of going insane, while/after tripping, because the media always have these negative and scary stories about drugs. Since I haven't got insane yet, you think I can take LSD with a good gut feeling, and not be afraid of going insane?I kinda self diagnosed myself with (HSP), and I do have social anxiety in some situations, but it's getting better, and I go to a therapist (I took shrooms while having Social Anxiety and I felt very relieved afterwards. I would love to discover the potential of LSD, but I am kinda scared that I will go insane or something, but I feel ready to take LSD, I just don't want to go insane. Since i've taken shrooms 5 times (actually helped me out of my depression) and haven't got insane yet, you think I will be able to control a LSD trip? 
**The Bum**-Hey man, can I buy a cigarette from you for a quarter?Yo! yo! Let me get some!Hey If you give me a hit I will hook you up next friday!**Edgy fiend**-Ohh man Im so sick woe is me my life is so much pain. Bothers people for "spange" outside starbucks sitting with the emaciated dog and guitar they can't play. Dirty clothes, homeless for kicks because they are so cool and rebellious even though their parents are rich. Dirty sex in the public park. Ohh my dealers dope is the best its FIRE! You try it and its fucking garbage**The AA preacher**-Cult members that give up alcohol for kool aid. Don't take medication if you are sick, even if you are mentally ill, you will never be normal and nothing will ever help you except for AA, which you must do for the rest of your life.  Miserable son of a bitch.You are an awful person in reality. Posting inspirational messages on facebook, misinforming vulnerable people, judging others harshly, and doing more harm than good.**Cancer cures, William Randolph Hearst, Bob marley, Big pharma, blah blah blah**-They will lecture you about how weed is safer than alcohol and drugs, Will act condescending like they are the most intelligent creative person, watch workaholics all day while masturbating, some are conspiracy theorists. Some are straight scumbags.america hating commie.**Drug obsessive internet 12 year old**- Idolizes drug use, aspiring addict/"Psychonaut". Lurks on drug forums asking about robitussin use, growing weed in the closet, and eating nutmeg. Edgy.
First of all it was the best I've ever felt in my life. Highly recomment to anyone who can acquire good X.Question 1: Is it really bad if i do it again in 2 days? We have a little leftover from our purchase and we dont want to waste it. Also my birthday. And i have no plans to do it again in months or even years.Question 2: If i do less ecstasy does the high end sooner or do i get not as high for the same amount of time? We bought 2, my girlfriend took 1/2 amd i took 3/4, so we intend to split the remaining 3/4 approx equally. Will it be too little and not worth it?Thanks so much! And please let me hear about your experiences too!
A week ago i rolled on MDMA (second time in my life). I had a very pleasant trip, dancing my ass off limits at a dance party.And every day since then i can't stop dancing. I wake up, eat a light breakfast, stretch a little and TURN THE BASS ON.Techno, trance, hardstyle, jungle, house, glitch hop, juke, drum'n'bass, you name it. Everything that has rhythm in it turns me into UNSTOPPABLE DANCE MACHINE. AND YOU WAIT IT GETS BETTERI used to drinking 3-4 cups of coffee in a couple of hours, but now i simply don't need it. I feel super-energised without any stimulants AT ALL almost ALL THE TIME. It's like i turned into atomic engine working on fuel of fruits and chocolate.\m/ AND I'M NOT PLANNING TO STOP ANYTIME SOON \m/
Hey so let me pre-face this with a bit of backstory on my own living situation. I used to work minimum wage jobs for low hours and have struggled keeping a ton of money or way to live without roommates. family doesn't really feel like a good option to stay with anymore either.I recently had a strange change of heart on furthering my education and spent $4000+ on upgrading my courses in hopes I could get proper funding as a full time student. I stayed with some nice family who (nicely) asked me to leave since I was contributing nothing but doing my courses. A close friend of mine invited me to stay with him and his roommate. So I got my own empty room, place for bed and computer - meant to find work but days turned into weeks turned into two months and I've more or less lived a super relaxed life thanks to a friend who doesn't care I'm staying here for nothing.Recently the other one of our roommates left due to a fight with my friend and my friend tells me a week later he wants his girlfriend to move in. I was skeptical but who am I to say no? What he didn't tell me is she asked him on the phone from remand(jail?) if he wanted to move in with her and I can't shake the feeling she's just trying to find someone as nice as him to pay for her life.I'm actually okay with most of that albeit I probably sound like a hypocrite right now. Everything was somewhat okay for the first day or two but then she got... very strange. My friend told me she has schizophrenia and that's why she keeps talking to herself.I tried to be nice and communicate with her anyway and sometimes she responds fine but other times she just responds talking to herself instead. It's very unnerving but tonight she started blasting loud dubstep in our apartment at 3am, I didn't really want to deal with it so I didn't until I heard out my window from a balcony apartment below complaints about the noise.I only went out to tell her and my roommate maybe to turn it down since we don't want noise complaints and she freaked the fuck out. I ended up getting pretty confrontational so she'd actually listen and respond.She went up to my room, poked her head in to stare at my cats then started flicking the hallway light switch up and down laughing afterwards. I asked her what she was doing and she just gave me this jumbled mess of a sentence before running into the bathroom and locking the door behind her. ** It was about at this point I realized she'd be going in and out of the house all night for "walks" to calm down after seemingly being upset about something she read on facebook. I also started to realize she was completely irrational, agitated and has been awake 20+ hours minimum by now.I know basically nothing about drugs, I've never even smoked a cigarette or tried weed before but I can't help but feel this isn't just schizophrenia. It's 7am and I don't feel comfortable sleeping in my own home so I locked the cats in my room for now because I don't want to dose off and leave her potentially alone with them.My friend passed out / doesn't care and while I think he's great he's also not the smartest person either. Besides that he's beyond gullible. When I go out to check on things in the other parts of the house I found the oven left open so I closed it, then later the oven light was left on for no understandable reason. She's just placing things in strange spots and I don't know if it's because she's high, insane or intentionally trying to mess with me.I'm usually quite understanding and want to be as level-headed about it as I can but I'm feeling not very happy in my own home. I think all my frustrations are about to come out one way or another pretty quick with her regardless of how close she is with my friend. I've been nice thus far but it's about to end real quick regardless of everything else.Can someone give me some advice on how to deal with someone like this? I know she has a history of meth but no hard proof she's doing it beyond the fact she's acting like a looney right now. Is it possible she's just a schizo acting out? I was not prepared for this at all and now I'm considering moving out and how fast I can get away from this if my friend doesn't take some action dealing with her. I have no funds to do so properly but I honestly have no idea how to handle people like this.EDIT: Spoke to her just now while she was out in the living room. Asked her how she was feeling and if things were okay, she said "yeah they're fine I was just mad at my boyfriend. can't be mad at my roommate" in a super cheery way. it bothers me still but I guess maybe I can worry less that she's mad/doing strange things to spite me and I can sleep and figure out how to get out of here later. Granted she started wearing less clothes, turning on a fan in the middle of winter instead of opening a window/patio door (cold enough for snow outside) so I'm... confused.
Hey, I've used Xanax a year every day because of anxiety. I went to a psychologist and I was cured. I then stopped the Xanax and never had a big panic attack again. 2 months ago I started to use Xanax again but only for the high. I've been taking them 3/4 times a week. My mostly common dosage is 0.5mg to 1mg. I never used more then 1.5 because I don't want to really. I also have been a daily weed smoker and sometimes I mix them together. I mostly do Xan over day and weed in the evening. But on Sunday i mostly would take 1mg and smoke weed with it. Is this dangerous ? I've been doing this for 2 months and I was just curious. Thanks and sorry for English 
Do different types affect you in different ways? I see descriptions of the high you get but is it not just bullshit like most of weed descriptions?Is it not just weak to strength instead of all these other descriptions?I have done shrooms twice and truffles twice.First time doing shrooms was amazing, so many bright beautiful colours and patterns, i neardly cried because of how beautiful it was and how amazing i felt, everything was just so clear also me and my mate couldn't stop laughing.Although latet on i did too many and spazzed out on the floor and tripped like fuk chanting some weird tribal stuff and then blacked out.Anyway i felt good afterwards and my mind felt liked it had opened.Did some shrooms the other day, seen amazing colours, laughed like fuk again but this time i felt really stupid and struggled focusing or talking like on Ketamin.So are the descripitions bullshit and it is just a chance of how strong they are or do different shrooms/truffles so different things?If the latter then tell me what ones make you stupid so i no to avoid in future
Anyone used something like this before?https://www.amazon.com/NASAL-VACUUM-Style-SNIFFER-SNORTER/dp/B013OL3CSSI'm looking to get my buddy something similar for his birthday, but most reviews say the tube is too small for suction, gets clogged, and generally doesn't work well.I think this is a real cool idea, but I'd like for it to be practical and not just a novelty piece.So I wanted to see if anyone had a good experience with this or with a similar one. I'm thinking about asking someone to 3D print one with a bigger opening if I can't find anything
My LSD provider was recently stabbed/robbed and is now completely out of selling, and I am having a very hard time finding LSD, dankweb is not an option for me. Does anyone have tips for finding a new guy? Llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Going back a few months into early Spring on this one, my original dealer was unable to continue supplying me so I had to move on to a new dealer. After some talking around I found out a girl I used to go to school with was a runner for some bigger operation. I knew I could trust her so I made my first buy with her, she took the money, left,  came back with some weed about an hour later. No complaints, in fact it was some of the most potent cannabis I had ever smoked. This continued for months, each time I'd buy enough to tide me the month then early next month I'd buy again.This continued until about October when suddenly contact with her became more difficult, she was later to respond to my messages (I was always polite, was never impatient or a dick about things), she even was a whole day late in bringing me the product that I had bought. When asked why she said she got busy in the day and ended up falling asleep. No biggy, right? Things happen and life just gets in the way some days so I just shrugged it off.Fast forward to 3 days ago I'm gearing up for a nice vacation from work, bought a Munchpak subscription even so I'd have a nice box of random snacks for when I get the munchies, even bought my first grinder. I was fitting up to really enjoy my holidays and party my way through until the New Year in my own way. I message her on the first day, she responds a bit and says she'll come by and grab the money that day and get the stuff. She never did.Second day she claimed to have gotten busy again, around 6 AM she comes and picks up the money from me and she says the actual supplier won't be awake until around noon so I'll have to wait a few hours. I had a strange feeling in my gut for some reason but I figured it was just the usual tension that comes from being involved in an illegal activity. I agreed to that and said I'd see her in a few hours.Noon comes around and no message from her, nothing. I figure well noon was a bit general, maybe he isn't awake yet, and maybe she noon means something else to her than me. So I wait another 4 hours, it's now almost 5 PM and I message her just saying "Yo." Nothing too abrasive, just an attempt to initiate a conversation and maybe see if something is up. Nothing at all the entire day, now I start to get really nervous that something is going on but try to reassure myself it'll be fine and you'll get your stuff, probably just running late.Next morning I go to message her... to find out I've been blocked. I was shocked by this, I had no idea what to do, I had just been jacked $100 and I have nothing to show for it. The grinder came in the mail as well as the Munchpak and I'm just looking at them thinking these were a waste too because she was my only hookup in my town. Living in butt-fuck no where you don't have many options.Truthfully I'm not even mad at her, or saddened. People are strange and they do things all of the time for their own reasons and I won't question that. What bothers me most is that this was entirely out of character for her, and having grown up with her in school and dealt with her in recent past she doesn't seem like the type of person to just take someones money and run.Anyway, thanks for reading -- just wanted to talk about what happened and maybe see if anyone else has had a similar situation.
Most inhalant highs are only oxygen deprivation. The exceptions I can think of are amyl nitrites, butyl nitrites, diethyl ether, chloroform, nitrous oxide, and xenon. Are there any more? Any info is appreciated.
A few weeks ago I bought few zanax bars to be used in case of a bad trip on LSD(which was wonderful in case your wondering, no benzos needed). During the weekends I drink anywhere between a twelve pack to a whole case of beer a night during the weekend. Last night I took half a bar and drank only two beers the whole night. I feel it gave me the same buzz as my regular 12 pack with out the resulting hang over. I know how dangerous benzos and be and the hell people go through if they need to quit them. But I'm also a borderline alcoholic already and if benzos can reduce my alcohol intake to reasonable levels then I'm willing to give it a shot.Does anyone have any thoughts or experience doing the same thing that they would like to share with me?Edit: I only intend to use xanax during the weekend if I didn't make that clear in the original post.
This is someone looking for genuine information about the trade. I've been looking for some solid advice. I am not a drug dealer and neither are you. I just figured that if there was a compilation of quality advice, people would be able to make less mistakes and find some connections or how to get started. 
I made this alt to pretty much post stupid stories like that,it was my first 'drug' experience besides alcohol,we got to start somewhere...I was browsing Erowid and found this 'space paste' recipe which apparently potentiates the good effects of the Nutmeg so I made around 22g of it(It had one whole Nutmeg grounded in it so around 6g) and instead of maple syrup I found some old ass honey in the house,so it was more like space 'chunks'.At around 1PM I ate around 20g of it and I couldn't physically eat any more of it so I started waiting for effects to kick in...Three hours in,wasn't feeling anything so I grounded one whole Nutmeg and ingested it with the help of waterFour hours in,started feeling sligthy drunk,music definitely sounded better but that was the extent of the effects I'm pretty sure the space didn't worked(All the spices were store bought) and I just felt the effects of 12g of Nutmeg.The biggest extent of the effect was when I went to sleep,I couldn't fall asleep for a few hours and my imagination started going wild there wasn't any visual hallucinations but mentally I wasn't really there, kind of throwback to back when I was a kid and pretty often I would had those nights where I just couldn't fall asleep and fell into sort of delirium state,definitely wasn't the best experience2nd day-pretty much the same as the first just felt drunk and mentally impaired,family didn't seem to notice though,the worst things about nutmeg is how much it lasts ;-;,felt asleep just fine though3rd day-The effects started wearing off but I just had a brilliant idea to mix the remaining effects with around 3g of Phenibut-in around two hours I went form slightly drunk feel to medium-heavy drunk for the rest of the day,wasn't very pleasantRESULT:3 days wasted and a stash of spices which I would probably never use again,also for some reason it ruined the taste of earl grey tea for me,every time I take a sip,I just feel a taste of nutmeg,ever so slightly...
I think this is an indie film. Its about a guy who tags along with another guy who is in search of oxycodone after the apocalypse. One of the lines in the trailer for the movie is "do you know where i can find some oxy?" or something along those lines.I think the movie is a comedy. Any idea what the title is?
So this story takes place last summer but I find myself thinking about this alot and I know there's really know way to tell but some insight would be nice.So this summer me and my friend picked up two tabs from a dealer who's in and out of town and always has a wide variety of physicadelics so we decided to not pass up the opportunity because Most of my friends picked up lsd from him before and they said it was some really good shitThe tabs came from a sheet and they were white with red lines and different color polka dots( not one tab design of the sheet) . This was my first time getting a tab of a sheet were it was pulled off of instead of cut with scissors so I was kinda skeptical because when I asked him if it was an rc his response was nah you know how it is or he may have just said you know how it goes idk but it made me wonder. ( started picking up from him alot after this and he was a very reliable dealer but this was the only time he wasn't on point with just white on white blotters).So me and my friend drop the tabs at 11:00 pm and I decided to take a quick shower , by the time I got out of the shower I felt like I was already starting to come up and this was the fastest I've ever started to come up (usually takes 50 min or so), but the thing that made me really start to worry was that there wasn't a bitter or numb taste but I felt like I could feel the tab in my mouth even after I swallowed and it was like that for 15 or 30 minutes but my friend said he didn't taste anything . Overall the trip was amazing , laughing my ass off just looking at my friend and that went on for about 30 minutes just crying laughing for no reason at all ,strongest tabs I've ever gotten and it was my first time actually having strong visuals instead of just stuff slightly moving everything was moving and the colors were just so beautiful . The trip ended at like 4 or 5 in the morning but I ended up staying up all night . Anyways sorry for not much description but this post is already pretty long . I've talked to a friend about it and he said it was probably eth-lad or 1p-lsd. Any replies would be appreciated and I know obviously nobody could be 100% sure but some insight would be awesome and if there's any questions about the trip ask away
the title explains most of it. i had never done it before, but have rolled i think 7-8 times, the last time being a month ago so i wasn't looking to do that again and had heard good things from friends. i took it for a concert last night, anyway...i took 180-190 mg, which i know is probably a lot for some people but I'm 6ft and weigh about 190 lbs (I have a relatively fast metabolism for the drugs I have taken which is just weed, addy and study drugs, molly and now 4FA).last night while on it i certainly felt good, not quite so much as molly in terms of the roll but still a mild roll. i felt the speed in how much i could focus on the music/visualsi started to get a weird feeling in my chest late last night and had a hard time falling asleep (that's an understatement: I was very worried that this would be something serious and ended up talking a melatonin to fall asleep)so this morning I woke up with a bit of the feeling still there and assume it's just a side effects of taking so much my first time and hoping that it will go away eventually? does anyone have any experience with this or something similar on another form of stimulant?also, suggestions for working out/cardio in terms of how much I should push my heart? I usually lift about 3-4 times a week and do the same amount of cardio.Thanks!
Hey guys what's up on this fine ass Sunday?So about 4 days ago I tried oxycodone for the first time and immediately started snorting them from the beginning.. I had no opiate tolerance ( only do them every now and then ) and it was fucking amazing. Throw in a blunt and 2 bowls and I was in heaven.Day before yesterday I did it again but this time snorted 1 and a half at once then waited a bit then another full one.. was honestly the highest I have ever been on opiates! Even though I've done probably about 40 mg of hydro before at most.. this still felt stronger even tho it was less in mgBut anyways, I really like these damn things.. mixes amazingly with my DOC which is weed, and I can easily get them now. I just want to know what's the best way to still do them but lessen addiction potential? Cause I wanted to do them again today but I'm not going to. And also want to know if snorting makes it easier to get addicted?It just hits me so fast like that and it's chill as fuck haha.. what u guys think? Thanks
Every time I used shrooms it brought me in a mental state of superiority and extremely high ego.The problem is that it makes me vastly intolerant.I was at the park hoping to enjoy trees, grass... and I did but then I saw homosexuals. (I normaly don't hate gays)I was not able to stop laughing every time I looked at their face, then I watched all the ugly people passing by and laughed so much I had to get home.I was like "these people don't match with nature so they must be eliminated " Everything felt so right at the moment I had such a mental clarity.Does anyone ever felt similar effects ? Shrooms bringing a sort of manic state of hatred ?
Hellow my fellow druggies and druggets i just woke up,smoked 3 joints yesterday with a really good friend and a cousin of mine and now am drinking coffe and listening to some euophoric hardstyle.The usual.Now onto to the topic.What are your guys' plans for new years(or maybe you already have something guaranteed).I had this conversation yesterday with my friend and cousin and am interested in what my favourite community has been planning for their new years. Heres mine:Me and the very good friend of mine are going to my grandparents place(they have 3 apartments and a very huge room with like 5 beds and theres also alot of nature and theres also alot of cats :3) so i think you can pretty much imagine what we are gonna do. Gonna share what we have "resource"-wise:* 10g's of weed* 1g of speed(first time trying)* 1g of MDMA(powdered,second time havent used it for 6 months now)* 4 tabs of lsd(also first time trying)(edited this because forgot to type it)* and as expected alot of food/munchies     So yeah,sorry if its a long post,am just curious about you guys.Also feel free to give me and other people some tricks and tips and if you have done something similar, some advices would be great.Love you guys and peace out.
Every day is a battle.New energies come into my life, people who mean no harm.  I cringe.  Not because they are new, but because I can *feel* their energy permeate the air.I was 25.I was selling L in large quantities, and I felt ballsy.  I ate 125 hits, and life was never the same.  That's not to say it was all the L.  I could *feel* the energy of animals, of people, long before.Am I feeling the vibes more intensely than others?  Or am I stuck in a 'Hunter-esk' loop, where I fear people can hear my very thoughts?Ah, /r/drugs...what am I to do?Do I struggle through, or do I scream to the rooftops?Every day is a struggle.
I tripped yesterday on a 250ug gel tab and 1.5 white on white 100ug blotters. I also tried DMT for the first time, and burned thru the the 100mg i had bought earlier in the day. A friend ws tripping with me, and so was my roomate. By far the most amazing trip i have had so far.` We busted out glowsticks and made a bunch of shapes(stuff is fun as hell, and really brings out creativity). We played goat simulator and smoked alot of blunts. Visuals were already pretty strong by the time they convinced me to finally try the DMT. One thing i can say is i was not at all prepared for what it felt like. Before the end of inhaling the second pull my vision EXPLODED into a kaleidescope of color, with intense blue robotic looking lights streaking the edges. I could think of things i wished to say but could not remember how to actually say them, and my head felt like it was hooked into a wall outlet charging up. Walls and fixtures began to melt into eachother like paint mixing, and almost as soon as it began, it was over. I wish it lasted longer, but it was an amazing trip, both the acid and DMT
Hey guys.Just wanted to share an experience I had today.After wanting to try opium for a long time, today I had the chance. I scraped some directly off the poppy pod and spread it out to dry in the sun.Fast forward a few hours, I'm chilling with my mate that grows the poppies. He uses this shit every other day and says it's the most amazing thing ever. I got a piece about the size of a match head maybe a bit bigger, broke it into a few pieces and chucked that shit into a RYO cigarette. Smoked it up. I actually felt almost nothing. A bit euphoric at first then just a very subtle mellow feeling.. Could this be because the opium wasn't refined or vaporized? I'm kinda let down :( My friend said what he let me have was a beginner dose and I should have felt it. Thoughts?
Yesterday I had to buy a tab of acid because my dealer wouldn't just drop of a 10, but I won't be able to take it at any time over the next month or so. Is there any way I need to store it lot will it just be fine as it is?

At work yesterday, my body felt like it hit a wall, so much that I left early to go home and rest. When I woke up from my nap I drank some gatorade and threw up every last drop. A few minutes after I threw up I ripped three onies, and I'm so very glad I did. As we all know; being sick sucks, you feel terrible. I feel as though I am currently on a cloud. I am by no means cured of my ailment, and I can still feel the veins throbbing in my head, but the weed helped far more than any OTC drug could. DXM could arguably be better for colds or the flu but DXM also makes a non sick person feel like shit so I think weed is better. 
Yesterday at a house crawl where you go from house to house drinking jucie and taking whatever u want. There are 5 houses in total. By the time i had gotten to the second house I've had about 3 or 4 cups of juice and about 3 blunts approx 3gs. I've done weed and edibles before like a lot. But my friend and i were standing outside and decidides to smoke the rest of this one blunt and next thing i know my vision turns everything to a high contrast white till all i see is whiteness with my eyes open. I begin to shake and fall to my knees. I cant see anything at this point and everything turned black my friend said "my eyes rolled to the back of my head." I feel my two friends lift me up by arms and bring me inside on the couch. They said i was dead weight and i was dragging my feet as they carried me inside. By the time i got inside on the couch my vision was normal and i was left with a headache. Moral of the story: What you dont want to hear at a party is "Do you have pre-existing medical conditions."

hi  i am wondering if you know what are the safest psychedelics for your heart in general. i love taking shrooms but i have seen that they stimulate 5ht2 a/b/c receptors which suggest they could be bad so i have been looking for a antagonist to take like sarpogrelate to take however very little is known about this and i could be putting myself at more risk by taking it so do you have any suggestions, there is not a lot of info about antagonists so i dont know what to do. i really do love shrooms but i have high BP as it is and dont want to put my self at risk so should i 1. continue to take take shrooms and hope it does not do to much damage 2. take a antagonist which not is much is known about and could even do more damage in some other way or 3. look for a different psychedelic 4 stop all together which would be sad as i find psychedelics introspective and help me learn alot. any help is greatly appreciated
thinking about trying cocaine and is doing is best to asses the risks involved with cocaine as he is a bit of a worrier and cam across this particular peice of info. it seems as though swim would only have a 8 in 100,000 chance if dying since he wouldnt be classed in the abuser category. swim worries alot of cocaine and the heart but is the risk of cocaine REALY that overhyped? or is cocaine realy that safe (as safe as a drug can be)? any thoughts?
So I'm in college and we usually just get super fucked up in the dorms before we head out and explore the house parties and other frats.  My ex and I just had an awful breakup like 2 weeks ago on some dumb shit so I had a bottle and a half of the bare foot moscato for myself (literally the best to chug) and as I'm finishing my bottle all I see is the guy from down the hall walk in. He is holding a tab and I at least know it's acid or LSD since I have looked around here once or twice and all he says is "hey man don't let your fingers touch all over it just stick it on your tongue and suck on it for 10 minutes then swallow."  They also add, "yeah it should take like 45 minutes to hit you so smoke some weed and get more drunk until then." So my drunk ass is obviously going to do that. oh yeah and I don't really remember what happened from when I took that to where I'm chilling at right now which is a good 4 hours at least. Prolly because of the alcohol more than anything. So currently I'm near the end of the night, literally everyone else is slumped as hell I have shit to do at 11 am and throughout the day, all I am asking isHOW LONG DOES THIS SHIT LAST FOR AND WHAT WAS IT
[SHROOMS](http://imgur.com/nfmlDWT)Got these as a gift from a friend. They appear to be dried mushrooms, powdered and pressed into a pill-like cylinder, likely with some sort of binder.They weigh exactly 1g each. I have no reason to believe any misrepresentation, I have just never once saw mushrooms served up in this form, and was wondering if anyone around here ever has?Thanks!
Hey guys, so this happened last night and I'm not sure if I got cited or not. This is in California where medical weed is legal and smoking at 21 is legal. Story goes like this:So last night, 3 friends and I were smoking weed in our car at a culdesac. After about an hour of being there,watching vids on our phones etc, we see bright lights turn on behind us and someone walking up with a flashlight. Mother Fuck. So as the cop walks up to the drivers seat, we roll down the window and a huge column of smoke rises to his face. He goes "so whats goin on tonight boys?". Knowing that theres no way that he doesnt know we admit "just smoking some weed officer". He then asks for our Ids and finds out that only 1 of us is 21. "Who has the medical Card?". I told him that I do and two of my other friends tell him that they used to have one but are now expired. After this he starts asking us questions such as "do you know the marijuana laws?", "yes officer" "what are they?", "we have to smoke within our own houses" "do you know the laws for medical marijuana?" "yes officer". We were doing our best to be super polite and did not bullshit him at all. He then says "how do you boys plan on getting home, you know you cant drive right?". My friend says "well we were planning on watching videos until were good to drive home". He says "how am i supposed to believe that?" my friend says "well actually we can walk home from here too, we live pretty close by". After this its quiet for a while while he writes down some stuff. Afterwards he says "Would you guys like it if there were a bunch of cars in your neighborhood making noise and smoking weed?" "no sir". "So would I be the bad guy if I cited you tonight? "no sir". Finally he gives us all back our IDs and says "Do it at home boys" and walks away. So the cop didnt hand us any paper/reciept, didnt search us, didnt detain us, hell didnt even take our weed. Do you think he actually cited us or was he just warning us? Also could it be possible that we get a citation in the mail or would he have told us to be expecting something? Worst case scenario, would this show up on a job application? Please let me know lol thanks! 
Maybe different from what's usually asked here, but I was curious. I'm of the opinion that all drugs should be legal and regulated, a sentiment for which I'm routinely called a lunatic. What do you all think? Why?

Drugs.com says there is a major correlation and I shouldn't do it, but I know many people who are prescribed both at the same time. Do you think I could take 100mg vyvanse tonight. I skipped a day of my 30 mg celexa. 
**MJ'S GUIDE TO NOT BEING DUMB AND NOT GETTING CAUGHT****Opening Remarks:** *This post isn't 'directed' toward dealers, but you can probably learn a thing or two from me so stick around if you have some spare time, also this post will be separated into the 2 different drug folk.* **Drug Folk #1: 'Living with your parents"**This can suck, especially if your parents aren't cool with it. Just as a note I suggest not getting caught and definitely admitting drug use to your parents... So you have your plausible deniability. But otherwise I admit, it's shitty to do drugs in the home of someone who doesn't allow it, especially when they pay your rent.But hell man, if I can save someone from getting kicked out, I'm gonna do it.*Pro tips:* You probably smoke weed if you're in this category so lets start with that, big mistakes most people make doing this is by not cleaning their glass, not washing their clothes, and ACTING high. At all times I suggest carrying a few things with you if you're a weed smoker: A black and mild so that if you're getting pulled over or in a dire situation light it up and start chiefing it down, blow smoke in your shirt, on your pants, on your hands, and in your car or room, etc. (or other strong tobacco smelling product, if you don't want to get addicted to nicotine then not cigarettes, black and mild's are the best option) next up is I suggest you smoke joints, easier to conceal your papers even though the burnt paper can make you smell more I just find it easier to use to hide than a big bong, eye drops aren't necessary but I used to carry rohto's because I loved the feeling when I was stoned, next is a backpack with a change of clothes, (I suggest keeping incense in your room or car if you plan on smoking in there) [Side note for people wanting to smoke in your room: cover the bottom of your door with a towel and open your window and blow smoke out of that.] [Side note #2: Invest in something with the name ODOR ELIMINATOR, AIR NEUTRALIZER, something to that effect. The dank orange ones work best IMO.]For people trying to stay productive on pills, powders, and psychedelics: Try to find time during the night, don't try to FORCE the time, just let it come naturally, most cheap jackets have 2 thin layers, I cut a small discrete hole in the armpit of mine and can easily slip whatever I want in those, saved me a lot of fucking trouble when getting searched at school. (if anyone's interested I'll post some pictures) **Drug Folk #2: 'The working class'** This can be difficult because I have no idea what you live in, and I'm not sure if I want to delve into the legal safety during this specific post, but mostly people want to hide it from their neighbors or roommates so I'm gonna try to go through that quickly. Neighbors: Some apartments have a connected air ventilation system so the smell from your cigarettes, joint, bong, leak into other peoples homes. Honestly it's a shitty thing to do and if they complain and you do it anyway I hope you get evicted/charged. A big helper would be closing your vent. But otherwise try to get a smoke buddy, honestly this whole thing is fixed with a smoke buddy. Get a good quality one and you wont regret it guys. Roommates: This is 100x more difficult but it's doable and I shall impart my knowledge. Same with last thing, if your roommates aren't comfortable with you smoking I 100% hope you get evicted if you're choosing to not choosing to make a partial agreement with them, try to at least come to an agreement and be reasonable. If you have your own rooms, the towel on door, open windows thing works. I used to have a routine you can try if you have your own room but no windows. I get about an hour to myself and all I needed was my makeshift smoke buddy, incense, towel on the door, and preferably a bowl but a joint could still work, just harder. * Spark whatever I'm smoking on* Blow smoke in Smoke Buddy until I'm finished smoking* Light incense* Profit???As always guys, it will never be perfect but I hope I can help someone out there and maybe they will thank me.I'm thinking of starting a guide series considering my endless omnipotent knowledge of all that is and will be, so here's my next few topics I'm considering and hopefully you can suggest me one.- Guide about how to spend finances correctly with drugs- Guide about how to hiding your drugsThanks guys, enjoy your night/morning. 
Long time lurker here and currently cannot do drugs because of my job except when I can get my hands on psychedelics and recently risked taking MDMA which I LOVED. So in a month or so I'll be going home to visit family and friends for 2 weeks where I plan to indulge. I won't be able to do so for a while afterwards. Assuming I'll get tested when I come back(unlikely), help me plan some festivities! I have a high metabolism and live an active lifestyle. I'm open to cannabis, alcohol, 2C-series, LSD + analogues, shrooms, DMT, tryptamines in general, 4-FA/adderall, MDMA, and benzos only for come downs really. Possibly open to other substances. Show me what you got! *Rick and Morty reference*
Many of my friends from high school (now graduated), have quickly turned to the idea of suicide. I'm not saying this is drug related (though many of them frequent users of drugs), but I have an idea..This may be far-fetched, and possibly only may the issue worse, but I'm thinking of suggesting certain over the counter medications, and herbs (Dream herbs like Calea, calming herbs passiflora and lemon balm) and perhaps even some psychedelic herbs to help treat this.I feel like plants have certain healing powers for those with the "mental battlefield". I'm not saying I'm a Shaman, but I think could help..What do you guys think? Can specific drug use help suicidal patients?
A pal had a conversation here on Reddit, apparently it's easy to quit Xanax, alcohol, etc. compared to opiates. But opiates are the kicker, made it seem damn near impossible to not get hooked on them after only one time. Is this true?
A few years ago, I discovered ecstasy through some friends who didn't care how much they took (pop every weekend) without knowing why there is a rule about not taking it too often.I think I took about 20-25 pills in the span of two-three months, two or three times a week at the heaviest. I remember experiencing the restlessness and high temperature of serotonin syndrome. Then I eventually realized how serious the drug was and flushed the rest down the toilet.I don't feel too different now, but now I find myself occasionally seriously wondering if I have permanently messed up my brain. Have I made it so I will always have a reduced level of happiness and motivation? I'd really like to know if I've messed up my brain or not, so I can stop worrying hardcore about it every once in a while, as it is an unresolved question in my mind.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Drugs/comments/2vi8sg/i_cant_handle_my_new_job_planning_on_taking_daily/Over a year ago I started taking benzos daily to deal with the anxiety of my job. Well just wanted to give a quick update to say that It went incredibly well. I was a top performer, made insane amount of money to pay for school and made a lot of new friends. After a year, I quit the job and stopped taking benzos and tapered off slowly. There were no major withdrawal symptoms and my anxiety is doing really well thanks to some CBT I took. Life is alright
Me and some buds did some whippits from a dispenser the other day. We took breaks between balloons, took b12, and got enough oxygen into our bodies. Some other kids watched in curiosity as we inhaled the balloons, they knew it looked fun but could not get the idea that it was an oxygen deprivation high out of their heads. I don't care if they want to do it or not, but I'd rather not people think that I'm dumb enough to inhale something that deprives me of oxygen. I guess people will never get that D.A.R.E mindset out 
On my first day I started out at 118.9 lbs with a high but not super high metabolism, started taking 30 mg, and experienced what you'd expect on the first day (euphoria, appetite suppression, increased awesomeness). The next day, I was at 114.1 lbs but no euphoria and I only lost 1 lb the next day. On the fifth day, I was still at 113.1 lbs and there were no side effects at all. I was feeling really depressed though and it didn't seem to be working, because I couldn't function properly at all in school. Pre-vyvanse, I was used to constantly eating A LOT of whatever food I wanted, but I'd stay at 118 lbs or gain around 1-2 lbs. After exercise, I'd lose about the same. But even though Vyvanse suppresses appetite and increases metabolism at the same time, do I still need to follow my previous diet, cut down and eat only when I feel like it now, or what? I've been eating only a small breakfast and and moderate dinners now and it feels normal, but I'm thinking about going on a 850 calories a day diet now that I'm on Vyvanse. I've noticed increased anxiety and insomnia and a lot of my 'psychotic symptoms'. Today, the 6th day, I increased dosage to 50 mg and experienced the euphoria, appetite suppression, and increased awesomeness again, but I haven't weighed myself yet. I have been losing weight, but I would also like to lose some muscle and I don't know what to do to make that happen. I've been thinking about exercising aerobically so I don't stunt my growth, but I don't know if it works like that. Also, what kind of growth supplements could I take with Vyvanse that would work? I am wondering about a few other things also, like what would happen if I skipped a week of Vyvanse and how would it affect my metabolism, weight, and appetite for that week? And what would exercise combined with Vyvanse and an empty stomach do? How would that affect my body and would it speed up the weight loss? How should I eat after I am done using Vyvanse to maintain my new weight, and will my metabolism be what it was pre-vyvanse or will it be how it is now that I'm on Vyvanse? which is super fast. I don't need anyone to tell me to stop using Vyvanse or to tell me how 'perfect I already am'; my mind's already made up and it's not really your choice. I am just asking for advice on how I should continue taking Vyvanse. I don't want to experience the rebound effect or develop dependence, so I hope you can help!Please excuse any ignorance, and thanks for taking time to read this and help!
Il start off by saying that ive been chipping opiates occasionally for 5 years with no addiction to deter "slippery slope" comments.I honestly don't know how addicts do it, its like a superpower. Even a single 20 mg dose of oxycodone or 5-10 grams of kratom will jam me up for 3 days.The day after opiates is always a panic attack about how painful using the toilet is going to be in the days after. I don't judge anyone but in my opinion the opiate high isn't worth painful bloody poop. Im just gonna stick to weed or benzos for relaxing now. 
How much of this do I need to take to get a nice recreational buzz. I'm a pretty seasoned drug user, I've done Marijuana once and even opiates like Kratom before, even up to 10mg of Amphetamine in the form of Adderall. Whats a good starting recreational dose.
Let me start of by saying that I have not used a wide range of drugs. My experience so far has been limited to: alcohol, weed, kratom, vicodin, adderall and of course phenibut. I've used phenibut about ten times, ranging from doses of 300mg to 1.8g. I have never dosed more than once a week. For me, even a high dose adderall has a comedown more manageable than a 300mg dose of phenibut. The come down I experience with phenibut, I imagine to be a more mild, version of an MDMA comedown. After about 35-40 hours after ingestion, the comedown starts. I get completely depressed, I have no desire to do anything and feel utterly helpless. Sober, I deal with minor depression and anxiety, however, the phenibut come down makes these symptoms severe. I also feel that my cognitive function is reduced. Even worse, it takes me about 4-5 to feel normal. Because of this I have thrown out my phenibut as its just not the drug for me.I'm curious if anyone else has had such a terrible experience with phenibut?I'm also worried that using phenibut, with these come downs has done damage to my brain. Is this possible?As i'm dealing with the come down right now does anyone have any tips for getting through bad comedowns?Thanks for reading.
I've been diagnosed with severe depressive disorder and crohn's disease so I'm on a rather weird variety of medications. I have experience with LSD, but not since 2014, and not since I've been prescribed psych meds. I really want to try mushrooms but I can't find enough information on how it would interact with all of my meds together. I've not taken them for a few days and haven't had very bad side effects. I am on 5mg of Olanzapine (Xyprexa), 300mg Bupropion, 20mg Trintellix, 1mg Guanfacine, and 5mL Valproic acid. I know it seems like a lot, but I'm actually in the process of reducing the amount of medications I'm on. It's kind of a tall order but if anyone has any advice I would greatly appreciate it.
When I take mdma I usually dont do a lot. however I experienced hallucinations after 1/2 pill with a 1/4 followup 2 hours later. Is this a sign I took too much?The hallucinations are like this, I look at something - visuals etc. - and I see strange stuff, like I once saw a aircraft carrier on the see when I waslooking at a pedestal that stood in front of the video wall, or I see black dots flying around the dancefloor. I usually shake my head and its gone. Im fully there while this happens and I know its just mild visual distortion. Later when Im home and i I close my eyes in bed after mdma its as if my imagination works on overdrive, for example I think of a wooden table surface and I can see it in front of my inner eye with every little detail.  Or I think of a newspaper and i can read every single letter, the brain just comes with something on the spot, really unusual. So is this a sign I took too much or am I just reacting strongly too it? I can not think of a night I took more than 150mg overall though.
I've heard that some people have felt as if their trip was days long, when in real time it was about 5 minutes.Friend and I were thinking about this earlier, wondering if its possible to feel as if you've lived a lifetime when in (our) reality, it's only been a number of minutes. 
So I'm filling in for my buddy and it's the night shit, and I'm kinda regretting it because I've been awake for about 17 hours, but need to stay awake, I have 3oz of white vein Kalimantan from indoelephant, and about .7 or .8g of probably the best and least cut coke I've ever had, will a combination of these two at least keep me up for another 12-14 hours?
Currently 6 hours into my 150ug LSD trip. I just took a 15mg pill of 2C-B  about 20 mins ago . So far visuals are amazingly vibrant and it seems like there is no added psychedelic headspace. Music sounds great and all encompassing. What else should I expect? And what are everyone's experience with this combo? Also, am i putting much stress on my stomach or body at all?EDIT: Anyone got any experience redosing 2C-B after taking LSD + 2C-B combo?
I just witnessed an accident involving ~5 cars about 20 minutes ago. I called 911 and ran to the car that flew across the intersection further down the road. It was empty, and I saw somebody in their underwear in near freezing temperatures running away. I caught up with the guy and his pupils were huge and he was incoherent and wasn't making sense. As I walked with him he kept running up to cars that were stopped at the intersection trying to get in. The police apprehended him when they arrived, and when they asked him why he's in his underwear he said: "because I'm sexyyyy." He flew like 90mph into a line of cars waiting at a red light. Sorry for the poor writing structure I'm still a bit shaken up I saw some shit I really didn't want to see and I don't know where else to post this.Update #1: I didn't mention this when I originally wrote this, but there was somebody trapped in one of the cars that he hit. The car was completely compacted and I saw his dead body.Update #2: http://www.kob.com/albuquerque-news/longtime-dominos-driver-killed-by-suspected-drunk-driver/4334654/?cat=500The driver was 20 years old... 20. The news article says "suspected drunk driver," but I can tell you with 100% certainty that it was more than just/something other than alcohol. Witnessing this incident was very traumatic for me.Update #3: https://www.abqjournal.com/901960/police-man-high-on-lsd-caused-fatal-crash-2.html#link_time=1480903639It was LSD. :/
I totally got the weirdest spinnning sensation on DCK. Currently high, so I  can't remember if I got it on DXM too but it's straight but it's straight up weird man. Lower half of my body rotates one way but I'm faced forward. Like maybe it's my chair cause I lean my legs to the left  This is a long post but let it post. short post This is a long post but let it post. short post This is a long post but let it post. short post This is a long post but let it post. short post 
Hey guys, I've been a user for a while now and I've been consistently buying from the same guy who sells quality blow until now. My plug hasn't been answering his phone lately so I asked around and got a new connection from a coworker. I paid $180 for an 8-ball and as soon as I got it I knew something wasn't right. It looks very chalky and has few fish scales, has big hard clumps mixed in with the powder, the drip does not numb my throat but it absorbs completely into my skin when I rub it between my fingers (gets oily), smells like kerosene and I get the same euphoria as I did from my old guy. Can anyone help me figure out what this is?
I have trouble sleeping at night cause I start itching and twitching and all that good shit. I'm an 18 year old, 155 lb girl, would a 100 mg Gabapentin sufficiently calm me down and help me sleep?I was unable to find information on this in /r/Drugs/wiki/drugs.
When I smoke a joint of hash (hashish), I feel a very powerful physically relaxing sensation in the first 10 minutes. It weakens after these 10 minutes, and continues weaker for another 20 minutes.However, 30 minutes after the smoking the joint, it just wears off.How could it be? I thought weed is supposed to last 2-3 hours. Weed buds and hashish both have THC and CBD so the length of the effect should be the same, even though they are made from different parts of the plant.**TL;DR:** Hash smoked from a joint feels incredibly good for 30 minutes then wears off completely. If weed is supposed to last 2-3 hours, why does it wear off so fast? 
sup druggit so ive been using adderall (well, amphetamines in general) recreationally for a year ish now. the first time was with 60mg of vyvanse and it was borderline too intense for me, but I loved it. then I befriended this chick that has an addy script and shes more than happy to occasionlly give me some.so the first time I did adderall was maybe ~10 months ago? I did 80mg and I got a fun as hell high and loved it. I hate the insomnia side effect so I don't use it often.after doing typically 50-100mg of addy once every ~1.5 months to avoid the bitch of a tolerance that comes with amphetamines, eventually, 50mg ish started to not give me the body high that I love about amphetamines, just the head high.I now have to take 80ish mg to get that beloved flying sensation. for example, I'm on 60mg rn (I took it with 130mg caffeine and 3x 750mg tums to potentiate it) and on my peak, I hardly felt a body high at all even though the last time I did adderall was a month and a half ago.my question is, is this just how strong an amp tolerance is, or do I have ADHD or ADD? if it's just tolerance, how long should  a t-break be?could if have been that I got confused? I thought adderall thrived in a less acidic stomach, did I get this reversed and it thrives under acidic conditons?
This is basically my first time ever posting on Reddit, but I’ve always wanted to start being more active in the communities I cared about, and tonight seemed like just as good of a night as any. So I'm at an interesting point in my life. Tonight was my second time with LSD (1st alone), dosed at 200 mic. It was a lot of fun, music was chill, I took a walk around the block while eating an apple and just kind of smiling because of how happy I was to be outside. Lol, it was funny, because I remember thinking that it was more suspicious that I'm just walking outside smiling for no reason than had I been out there to smoke a cigarette, and that's really disheartening especially coming from somebody trying to quit.Its weird, because in the first few hours, there kept being periods where I would convince myself that I wasn't high. And then it'd be kind of funny because obviously I still was. But after about 5 hours, I felt like I had come down from the peak and things were feeling just really mellow and I decided to smoke a bowl. Dicking off on the internet, looking at stoner/tripper humor, and I come across this post https://www.reddit.com/r/LSD/comments/2u5e22/list_of_cool_sites_to_visit_while_tripping_or/And in particular, there is this real cool spiral art makerCan't put the site url, but its (5) Spiral Art CreatorAnd while I was listening to music and just writing and recording my thoughts, and I realized that I had incredible anxiety about changing the variables on this slider. I didn't want to pick one that was "wrong" or one that wouldn't look as nice. What if I fucked it up?*** It’s a trivial example, but the anxiety I felt was real. I’m afraid to make choices in my life, because I’m afraid of the direction the rest of my life will take. I don’t feel that I’m truly prepared to be impacting my future self to such a degree. I’m incredibly immature, and these will affect me for the rest of my life. Dealing with that and being honest with myself about what I was struggling with has been difficult, and I realize that I am a position right now to be incredibly honest with myself, and I’m terrified. I’ve made a list of things in my life that I am too afraid of to admit to myself when I’m sober, and I’m not sure if they’re questions I’m prepared to answer now. I guess now that I have identified these fears, I have given my sober self the tools to work out what needs to be worked out. Or I could look now. Things that I think or feel can’t be unfelt, and admitting any of these to myself, I feel, would drastically alter how I see myself as an individual. So I guess the question, then, is what are the risks of choosing to investigate this with myself vs waiting? Do I have any risk of things getting out of hand after this point? Is the risk period for a “bad trip” over?Since I’m only about 5 hours in and I smoked, I have really no idea how to gauge my sobriety. I have only done lsd once before (100 mics), and pretty much all of the effects were gone after 3 hours, and I felt relatively baseline at 5 or 6. This has been an interesting drug so far, and I feel like there are no real surprises at this point. It’s been an interesting night, Lucy, and you weren’t at all what I expected. But then, how could you have been? How the fuck am I ever going to explain you to anybody I ever meet?***I feel like I came out of these experience positively, by the way. I was really worried about how the final design would look, and I didn’t want it to look bad. Long story short, I just started randomly changing things (harder than it sounds for somebody with this kind of anxiety) and I realized that every one of these things was fucking cool. There were no “good” or “bad” realizations of the sliders, and each was incredibly unique in color and size and shape, and each was beautiful. I finally kind of what it understood to look at something objectively, without trying to force positive or negative attributes towards it. This is a skill that I very much wish I had in my day to day life. And I think I am missing out on a lot of incredible experiences, just because I’m afraid that they’ll be “bad” when I just need to realize that they could be different.TLDR;About 5 hours into 200 mic dose, smoke a bowl and confronted with personal issues unexpectedly. What do? Ooh! Also, play with thishttps://www.reddit.com/r/LSD/comments/2u5e22/list_of_cool_sites_to_visit_while_tripping_or/(5) Spiral Art CreatorStay safe everybody!
So , i plan on taking 100ug of 1P-LSD ,  sadly due to problems in my life i might have to be around my parents 2-4 hours after taking the 1P-LSD , Would it be noticeable that am tripping or would i have some self control?
So, when I go out to raves etc, I currently do 4fa and 2cb.  This lasts about 4-5 hours for me and is a great time.Sometimes I need to stay out a little longer and keep dancing, after I've come down, because my friends want to stay.I've tried ketamine, but I find it kind of debilitates me, makes me less social and kind of ruins the end of the night. What I'm looking for is suggestions of something I can bump at the end of the night for another hour of fun, without too much comedown, and something that hopefully won't effect sleep so much.RCs are an option, I'll go for any thing.
I am sitting in front of an electric heater to stay warm.I am watching my new cat. She was spayed earlier today and my vet gave her valium, ketamine, and opiates.I am sitting in front of an electric heater to stay warm.I am listening to Aenima and Lateraulus, and for the first time reading lyrics with music (thanks toolshed).I've been a tool fan since forever, yet never read the lyrics.I've been completely sober for 30 days straight. Until today.I've had several grams of mushrooms, a couple lines of ketamine, enjoying some nitrous oxide in front of an electric heater and listening to tool. My cat is high. Did I just invent a time machine?

I'm easilty the most drunk I've evcer been, but keep in mind I don't really ever drink that much. In this signle night I've dug myself my own fucking grave with the girl I like and my friend has broken the window of a public transportation shelter.gg
Yes I know I'm a shitty person for using him. At first I thought he was amazing, sweet, and funny. We would talk for hours and surprisingly, he doesn't get coke dick and can fuck for hours. Then I slowly realized that when the coke wears off, he is extremely dull and I would never, ever hang out with him or hook up with him while sober. Every time I leave in the morning, I drive home tired, full of regret and disappointment for wasting my time.Yet whenever he calls me I always make time and come over. I even bring my two dogs because I know I'll be partying all night. We only ever hang out when he has cocaine. I really need to take a long, hard look at my life. Coke is a cruel associate and I need to quit her. 
Okay so i am hearing a lot of conflicting opinions on this topic. I understand that the caffeine in the coffee can help to boost some of the effects of the adderall but can decrease the duration. Overall, how would the acidity of the coffee affect the effects of the adderall? Would it be "worth" it to drink some coffee a few hours after taking the adderall to boost the effects or does the acidity of the coffee outweigh the possible benefits.?
Going to be doing DXM for the very first time in a few nights. I was just wondering how much I should start with and if my weight matters with dosage. Just worried that I'll take way to much that my body can't handle it since I'm pretty fucking skinny. I'm around 115lbs, male, and 5'8ish.Thank you.
Hey guys! Basically I'm going to a party and the people there are pretty anti-drug and it would be bad if they knew, but me and one other still want to have a good time. I can't do something like LSD or cocaine here. I was thinking hydros/oxys/etc. I was also thinking a low-moderate dose of Molly. Something to just roll on but not so much that it's extremely noticeable. What are your thoughts?
well drugs are awesome for good and for bad, i been a drug user for the last two years, and i stopped because i start to feel some discomfort in my hearth, i got tested and doctors told me that i was physically fine. drugs and hard ones mostly, made me very mentally unstable at the end of this crazy autodestructive journey. And at the end all left is a junkie reputation and my brain messed up, and im really worried about the cognitive aspects, im not dumb, but the idea of loosing some of it, upset me because i will never be the best i could actually be at thing  im very good at. Besides i have ocd and thats the main reason why i started using drugs, first because of prescription, then for being interesting, then for parting and then just adicction. I have done in order frequency    several times cigarretes a lot, weed a lot, olanzapine(ocd) a lot, alcohol, cocaine, ritalin, xanax, dihydrocodeine, /one time thing/ MDMA, pregabalin, phenibut, benadryl, tramadol. And taking cocaine, weed, alcohol combo more that 10 times. Hard drugs like cocaine, MDMA, ritalin in the last 4 months only.I want to somebody to tell me if they had the same worry after drug abuse, and how to overcome the frustration of not being the first at class anymore, i only smoke weed and cigs,planing in not doing any drug besides 
This might just be a long ramble but maybe it will be an interesting ramble. It seems to me that every two weeks should be waited between taking psychedelics for not only your sanity but for tolerance sake as well. However, I consider weed a psychedelic and I smoke almost every day. Trying to cut back though. I know its not just me whose experience smoking changes after smoking on psychedelics. One of my questions is would your "sanity" even out if I never smoked weed except with psys. Then someone could "perhaps" trip once a week without it being too much. Still not an appealing idea to me I suppose. But maybe it wouldn't lose the magic because you're never high.But alas, I'm high right now so feel free to tell me if this is total malarkey! Stay safe and happy trails <3

So my brother has had anxiety & depression since his teens, when he was severely bullied, due to being a red head.ever since then he has had severe anxiety, and now depression, and does not do well with authoritative figures in the workplace.I was wondering how i could guide him through this experience, and what dose would be ideal?Hes not on any medication at the moment. Would phenibut be a useful tool to reduce the anxiety & chance of a bad trip? Or keep a benzo on hand?Thanks
so i'm at a friends house, and he pulls out so white powder and says it mdma. i've been wanting to do mdma for sometime now, so i decide to take a point (100mg). i snort it and instantly it burns. i don't really feel anything besides energy. i put a bit in my tongue and it tastes bitter and has a grainy texture. it looked really thin and was white. DID I DO COKE OR MDMA? the energy only lasted 45 mins. i didn't feel to happy or anything like that, i just felt excited...
I've done research online, and cant find anything, which surprises me. Cant stand the taste of Robo (unsurprising) and so I had the bright idea of soaking up as much as i can into a ball of tissue and treating it like a parachute, I figure a bottle could be 5-6 swallows, and seems like it would be easier than trying to down the liquid. Anyone know if this is dangerous or would effect the trip (Ie choking if I threw up, reducing the high, ect)I'm honestly surprised to not find it mentioned anywhere, but maybe its just a dumb idea :) 
My issue is that for me personally there are next to no side effects.  Granted I've only done it once , and I imagine the bad side effects come from prolonged use. But I was up for 40 hours and have just woken up from a normal nights sleep and feel fine ( actually abit dusty but it feels just the same as after I've had heaps of cones the night before which I did while on Meth so ) It mad me sociable , have heaps of energy.  Helped me be more truthful more myself I just can't find a bad thing for me personanly. Like I'm not even craving more. Is anyone else like this ?? Like is casual Meth use an actual thing or should I not dance with this particular devil ?
Incense is a wonderful lady. A couple sticks from time to time, she'll show you a good time, hell, if you're like me you might even fall in love. But **do not. Let. Her. Take Control.** Once she's in control, she takes pleasure in running your life into the ground. Seeing just how far she can push you for that next scent. And you will. Trust me. As a testament to your love for this woman, you will do anything. I went from lighting some sage once in a while with friends to huffing the lavender oils out of the container in the back of a Bed, Bath and Beyond. I'm shaking as I type this because I haven't smelt her in sixteen hours. It's okay to see her, just... know the risks.
I doubt any of you will recognize my user name as i mostly lurk and rarely post, but i've been browsing this subreddit for years and have been an addict for years before that.Like most people here I first started with weed at a young age, at age 16 I first discovered the dnms and tried my first tab of acid.I was in love.From here my usage only increased and hit a peak around my 19'th birthday, i became heavily addicted to rc dissociatives and began dabbling with opioids and benzo's.I've lied, cheated, stolen and generally ruined the lives of the people i love around me. I'm honestly terrified of the damage i've done to my mind and body through years of ingesting random RC's and huffing butane.This next part of my story may sound unbelievable, some of you might think i am lying or perma fried but i swear to you this is 100% the truth about what happened.I was stood there with my stash in my hands (10g of hash, 100mg 25i, 100mg clonazolam and 1g of 3 meo pcp for anyone interested). On the table next to me I had a big bag of powdered glue from a build your own hot air balloon kit, it was so simple all i had to do was fill a few baggies with the powder and i could flush that and keep my fix. This next part is where it gets crazy (STDWYTK FTW). I was hearing hushed whispers in my head urging me not to do it, they were saying stuff like "you always have a choice" and "we are all connected, you aren't just hurting yourself youre hurting the universe". I was desperate to block it all out so i picked up my phone and went to put some music on, when i went to use the default music player none of my songs would show up, confused i went to the google play app to install a new music app.My phone crashed.At this point i resigned my self to just ignore the voices and get on with it. I went for the 3 meow first as it was my favourite. The baggie was one of those ones with a skeletal structure on the side and the chemical name written on. It was perfect all i had to do was move the 3 meow to another baggie, fill it with powdered glue and no one would be able to tell.My hands were shaking and i spilled white powder all over them, at this point i heard the front door open. My sister was home early from work and she had arrived just in time to stop me.I honestely believe that the universe was sending me a message on that day and im here to repeat it to you.You always have a choice.Get out whilst you still can.Choose life.
TL;DR --- the title is my question. Silly character count. Really curious about your opinions though of smoking weed. Thank you.Do any of you guys not smoke weed? If, so tell me why and your opinion. I'm curious. Did you smoke for a while then quit? Or is it a rare occasion type of thing for you? Did you have a bad experience with it or have gotten what you need out of it and gave it up?
Basically I took 500ug of acid 2 days ago and I just got some hits of 25I today. The tabs I got are supposed to be 1.1mg a piece. I have never done 25I or any other of the NBOMe series. I want to try 1 tab but I am wondering if me taking acid 2 days ago will lessen my first trip on 25I. I dont want to get a false idea of the drugs power due to the many stories ive read online of overdoeses. Any information would be greatly appreciated.
Soo, I've been recently experimenting with the idea of taking around 300-400mgs of phenibut daily, as it seems to not have the tolerance build up everyone is talking about. Everytime I dose, it kills my sensory anxiety and improves my life quality consistently. It only promotes a better me. So I have done this for a bit over a month,and life is only getting better. I am looking into fasoracetam for GABA regulation, as I don't want to take phenibut forever. But the risk is so much less than the reward. I fucking love phenibut!!!
I'm very stressed out most of the time. I started taking Prozac yesterday and I already noticed nothing bothers me anymore. My mother has been verbally abusing me all my life and when she told me off today it didn't bother me one bit. I used to get so upset but now it doesn't bother me at all. I'm scared I won't be able to perform as well in school anymore though since nothing really bothers me anymore. I feel content just sitting out and staring into space. Honestly, it's an effort for me to type this all out where it wasn't before but I was just extremely anxious. I'm in a competitive program in school, and I can't let this happen.  Does this feeling go away?
First off my drug usage for the last 2 months:1p-LSDLSD-25Mdma (once)CannabisKetamine2-cbOxies (only for the first 2 weeks of november, i sprained my ankle at work trying to move massive cisco server)Okay, so yesterday I took 300ug of acid and am still having visual disturbances - here is the day wrote out.Woke up and had a single glass of wine with my brother who then left to go back cross country to his house. At 8:30ish i walked to my local 50s style dinner and had a meal consisting of an omlet, bacon, toast, and a lot of habernero hot sauce. I subsequently walked to my friends house and we droped acid at 10am. I took 300ug (50ug more than my regular dose, but I have done a 600ug dose once. That was WAY too much acid) and we jammed until about 6, where i left for home. I no longer had any headspace by 8ish but the visuals were still strong. I then went to sleep and awoke at 6 today. Upon waking up I noticed I still had color shifting, and light fractals. Since then i have had about 3 visuals disturbances an hour from light morphing, to color shifts, to that weird spiral thing that happens when you look at a glass on acid. I dont mind, the disturbances that much, just wondering what might be causing them the persist for so long. Ive never had visuals longer than 3 hours after a trip. Also, when i ate lunch it made them spike up a bit and happend about 10 times within the next hour.The LSD was gotten by my usual source (for 3 years), and was tested as i always do. The blotter sheet he had, was decorated with storm troopers. The trip wasn't nearly as intense as DOx compounds, so i am certain it was actual LSD.Thanks for your responses ahead of time!
 Not sure if my last post about this went through because it said I had less than 200 characters but my problem is I have a ton of homework to do and I have no drive to do it and a hard time focusing on it. I got a free .1 bag of coke tonight and I'm wondering if snorting it will help me grind out all my work. 
I noticed that my peers at school listen to certain music that goes hand in hand with their drug use. Most kids who smoke weed listen to laid back rap, and artists who have music that sounds constructed around drug use. Like you can tell the rappers are high af when they make the music and you notice it high. Other kids who drink a lot, do coke and party hard listen to hardcore rap and shit. Do you think the music we listen to influences our drug use? Or could it possibly be vice verses and the drugs kids use influence what they listen to? I feel there is a correlation in some way.
I'm being forced to get the vivitrol shot. I'm not going to stay the entire month clean from opiates. I literally can't. Just like how I can't put down dope, I'm not going to not try to override vivitrol.Naltrexone works by outcompeting heroin for the mu opioid receptors in the brain so in theory you can out compete naltrexone with strong fentanyl analogues such as carfentanyl and butyrfentanyl to get high while on vivitrol. So I know it is kind of dangerous, but I plan to just slowly do bumps of fentanyl analgesic until I feel high. I'm aware of possible respiratory depression from trying to override with heroin but I don't think the same mechanism will apply with fentanyl since toxicity in the body is lower. Does anyone have experience with vivitrol and getting high on vivitrol. Will doing benzos and opiates potentiate the fentanyl the way it does with heroin normally? I might combine etizolam with the fentanyl analogues to try to cut through vivitrol so as to not be so toxic. Thanks for your input.

So,in the army so the illegals are off the table,why not americas most used legal stimulate,caffine. Bout 5 or 6 minutes ago, i crushed up some jet alert, 200mg of the beautiful stuff,and crammed it into a Marlboro.smoked the thing and so far so good.ill keep it updated if anyones intrested.
Would love to talk experiences with anybody and everybody tonight. If not tonight then next weekend. Looking for a good friend, I'm new in town and have no one to chill with. My experiences are limited but I would love to hear some benzo and mushroom experiences.
Hi, so this was my first time using benzos in a month.Last night I started by taking 10mg of diazepam, about 2 hours later I redosed 20mg more. I then for some reason decided to take 1mg ( I Think) of clonazepam. That's as much as I know.I wake up this morning to find an empty blister pack with 2 ambien gone and my other benzos (see [this pic](http://imgur.com/a/clzIo) to see what I started with) gone!I've searched all over for them but can't seem to find them. Not even the baggies?Anyone have any ideas? Is this common? Has this happened to you and if so did you find them? I couldn't have possibly taken them all as I only slept for 14 hours.**EDIT**: I think I remember taking 2 1mg clonazepams now, not 1.**EDIT2**: HOLY FUCK I JUST FOUND MY HEADPHONES CUT IN HALF**EDIT3**: My guitar looked like it had been thrown across out of the room.----------------------**UPDATE :)**Scare over! I just found most of the benzos inside a disposable plastic glove that was under my pillow (WTF?). Phew. Still not sure what happened with headphones and guitar though... I suppose 30mg of diazepam,  2mg clonazepam and an ambien is a bit too much for someone with no tolerance.
The first time I took it was a few months ago, I took 3 tabs of different sorts and had tons of auditory hallucinations and it wasn't great, but not really a 'bad trip' Did it again last weekend, one tab. Didn't feel much. Last night though I got somewhat drunk then did one tab of white fluff and afterwards kept drinking more. I've heard people say drinking dulls the experience but I felt like I was enjoying all the good sides of acid. I felt like dancing, felt so lifted and happy. During the drive home I started looking at the bigger picture of life and some things started to make sense. Plus I was driving through a huge city at night and all of the lights looked fucking awesome10/10 would recommend 
(posted this over at mdma but had to share with my favorite sub as well) I'm an experienced roller and it's been awhile since I've had a good roll. Took a lot of mdma this summer because festivals and by the end of the summer .3 barely got me a hard roll. But now 3 months later with the roll starting to come up...oh fuck. Almost forgot how FUCKING amazing this is..About have a beautiful night with the boyfriend. Happy Saturday everyone I love each and everyone of you! I'll shall update with photos of pupils later on this evening. And just so everyone knows it's half of a square yellow 2k .1 and I'm def taking the other half soon. Happy travels! 

Hey guys,So me boy just came through with 5 mg of Oxys. I took a 2 mg Xanax about 4 hours ago, would it be safe for me to take 5-10 mg of the Oxys. I've also been smoking chops (mokes/etc.) and was wondering if I can combine the three safely? Been reading conflicting information. Thanks! 
Last time I did Molly, 5 weeks ago, I had a pretty shitty comedown. I rolled hard, felt great, then after it was getting light outside and I was coming down, I started getting horrible anxiety and thinking everyone around me hating me. I couldn't really focus enough to get a full sentence out. Idk if that was caused by how much Molly I did, the fact that I was kinda abusing it and using it too much the weekends prior,  or if the fact that it was laced with meth had anything to do with it (dealer told me)A girl wants me to roll with her tonight but I know if I start feeling that way again I will definitely be an awkward weird fuck. If I take a xanax as soon as I'm going to start coming down, will it maybe help relieve some of this anxiety and over thinking?
What is it about coke that makes me hate it so much? I have a history with it but im older now and only smoke weed.    For some reason i just hate it with a passion.   For clarity, im not on it now. Actually smoking a j. But there is .5 sitting in my drawer from last weekend, which was the first time i did any for years now... I felt like shit for almost 3 days afterwards, not just physically but fucking depressed..... Why is that?  Was all my dopamine released to a point where i was out for days?   Please explain, surely a lot of people on this sub are experienced with hard drugs. Im older and have dabbled in damn near everything.    But what is it about cocaine that calls to me even tho i hate every fucking bit of it, even the high.      ??
So I ordered a gram of this stuff since I heard it was about to become Schedule I and I assumed it was probably pretty fun. I don't have a milligram scale, so I was planning to dissolve it in 100 mL of propylene glycol to dose volumetrically, a technique I frequently use with alprazolam powder. However, after further research, it sounds like U-4 is hardly bio available orally. My question is, since it's related to dynorphin which is very hydrophobic, does anyone know if it will dissolve well in water? Because a few years back I took 25c-nBoMe nasally dissolved in water by just holding it in my sinuses for a few minutes. My question is, which solvent will dissolve it better, and is that viable or should I just spring for a good scale?
I took a tab with 250 ug yesterday. This was my third time trying LSD, so I had some expectations going in. Much to my disappointment however, I didn't get any visuals this time around. I had a strong body high, but even after smoking quite a bit of weed, nothing was shifting or swirling in my vision. What could have gone wrong? The last two tabs I tripped on were from the same dealer.
Don't smoke weed too much, did quite a few other drugs and only really started smoking on shrooms, until a couple weeks ago. Was actually against smoking it until recently, even now I hold the same views although I am enjoying it. Anyway I seem to have a pretty severe reaction/experience on most strains. Heavy auditory and visual hallucinations, get incredibly high. I love it. It's great. But last night it was particularly intense, i saw many people who weren't there and full on hallucinated my friend saying things he never did, again I didn't mind I tend to embrace the rush even when it's "bad", and since I've been hearing people saying my name (either shouting it or saying it loudly right by my ear) and some other sensory overloads. Just curious about psychosis (I've no idea if I'm in an position to be predisposed but it's entirely possible considering my mental health is nowhere near stable and I've been noting signs in myself that may be indicative of BP, although they may just be fence-sitting symptoms that I'm too worried about as I learn more about it) and if anyone else has such heavy what I can only describe as trips on weed?  I can for the most part discern what was real and hallucinated, even when high, but there are certain things that overlap. The hearing my name being shouted is starting to be frightening as it happens in virtually empty rooms etc.
So I'm 34M and I've been mixing bars, coke, weed, and alcohol for a long time now. Given, I don't do coke or bars during the work week. Strict rule. But I'm just wondering how bad is that? Am I safe? I'm currently on all the cocktail right now and I go through ups and downs. This time, I started the coke after just one blunt. So it's as if I was sober when I started. I went through about 2 hours of paranoia. Thank goodness I was kept busy with laundry and cleaning. BUt then then I took the quarter bar and started to taper off. Sometimes I think I'm really fucking up my body. What yall think? Thanks in advance. 
Referencing my last post when I asked how much oxycodone I should take for a first dose, I asked my friends if they think I should take it at all, and most said no. I asked why and one of them told me that she didn't want a simple 10 mg of oxycodone escalate into heroin addiction because they're both basically the same thing since they're opiates. She also thinks that I should gradually cut down on my drug use because she genuinely worries about me, understanding that quitting cold turkey is extremely difficult.Of course I know that heroin and oxycodone are in the same group, I did my research on it before I asked. But I really believe that one time doesn't hurt, especially if I don't have any intent to continue doing it. And I definitely don't intend on doing heroin, that's a big no for me.Truthfully, I do think I should cut back on my drug use myself, but the idea seems so complex. If anything, I'm really trying to stop smoking cigarettes and I've beaten my alcohol addiction, but everything else? It wouldn't feel right. Drugs make me feel good about myself. Drugs make me feel *good*. I don't think I can give that up just yet, they've become part of my life.But I still care about my friends. They've gotten me through tough times too, more than drugs ever have. I don't want them to worry about me.I don't know what I should do.
Alcohol is a lot more euphoric and can even by trippy. As such it has a comedown, however . Benzos are like alcohol without balls , and also without a hangover - the medical version.I've only had a few benzos that are fun - temazepam , rohypnol[the funnest, or only fun one really] and am currently on Normabel(Croatian stuff, part of my therapy with methadone,and California rocket fuel, which I fought tooth an nail for with my doc for. Bitch, that one) Lithium(Seroquel over here) can be fun sometimes but not always. Benzos are great for anxiety however . Then again so is booze... Just some musing from a dude mixing vodka-red bulls in with my therapy.      **What are your thoughts?**
Hello everyone, just to start off with the basics I'm 18 years old, 5'8 and 220 pounds. This will be my second time candy flipping but this time (instead of on Halloween) it's going to be at the concert of my favorite rap group! I just wanted to ask some questions so I can make sure my night will be the best night possible with the help of a little LSD and a little bit of MDMA.So here's some questions:The concert is at 7. I'm trying to be candy flipping for the main act at the show tonight and they're on tour with one other person. I was thinking I would take the acid at 4 and this way by 8 I will take the molly and by 9 I'll be candy flipping - am I correct in my estimates?Also what I have at the moment is: 2x 140mg MDMA capsules and 1 tab of 150ug JOR LSD. Should I do something differently due to the amount of molly I have? Should I take some earlier than I plan and then redose? I'm just trying to get this all down perfectly.Also, should I maybe buy another tab of LSD from a trusted friend?
I'll be moving early next year, across the country. I'm moving almost all of my stuff via a moving company, aside from what I can fit in the whip. I won't have anything illicit on me, I'm going to, uhh, dispose of anything in the proper manner ahead of time... but my glass and other paraphernalia- can I ship that in the moving truck without hassle?Has anyone done something similar? Is there a sketch ratio for that? I feel like they just load it on a truck and drive it across country, but then I think, what if they have dogs search stuff at a weigh station?
  Is there anyway to potentiate benzos? I have a HUGE tolerance and take 4mg of clonazapem and 1mg of alprazalom a night at once and drink about 4 or 5 drinks plus some mary jane. Is there anything else I can do to feel the benzos more? I realize drinking is bad on benzos but Ive been on them for years and know my body and my limits, anything past 5 drinks on my combo gets to be too much although I do overindulge from time to time.I tried opiates but I didnt really care for the side effects (constipation, nausea) and of course the super fast building of tolerance. I take 50mg of hydrocodone one day and get a good buzz then the next day nothing, so I dont really care for having to keep reupping the dose so much.
I've done quite a bit of MDMA and weed over the past year. Never tried anything else. Keeping in mind that I'm going to see "the XX" (I think they'd be even more amazing while tripping), and that serious stuff is off limits (cocaine heroine etc) - what would you recommend I'd go for?
I have a few weak codeine pills laying around, and would like to take an antihistamine along with it to 'improve the experience ;)' However I don't have access to promethazine. I do have some Hungarian prenoxdiazine, would that help? I live in a western european country, so cannot get ahold of Benadrill. What are my options. Pls ignore any mistakes i'm drunk and stoned and english not one of my first languages.
I heard it is going to be made illegal soon but as of right now it is not. I want to buy some before then and online seems the cheapest route. but I have no idea what kind is good. Does anybody know a good cheap kind? Not asking for a vendor or anything as that is against the rules. I mean like a good strain of Kratom. 
Within the last three or four days I've gotten numerous texts asking if I wanted to buy some roxys, and after talking with multiple people I'm almost certain it's fentanyl pills going around. A kid died yesterday morning off of a combination of things but some of those roxys were one of them. Here's a very vague story posted by our local news station yesterday, December 2nd warning about potentially fatal painkillers. Not trying to say that all your roxys are bad but apparently there's a really bad batch going around. Orangeburg County Sheriff issues alert for potentially fatal drug:http://www.wistv.com/story/33857206/orangeburg-county-sheriff-issues-alert-for-potentially-fatal-drugPlease don't risk your life for drugs, it isn't worth it.
It has 10 mg in each tab with 325 mg of acetaminophen, and there's only 4 left in the bottle. I've heard and read about oxy a few times but I've never had it before. How many should I take for my first time trying it?Edit: I'm aware that I left the "E" off in the title.

I've heard that taking dxm and 5 htp together induces serotonin symdrome, and I took 5 htp last night. I plan on doing dxm tomorrow. Is this safe? This is not a very common question, and I've been having a hard time finding answers for itThanks 
Clinically diagnosed with ADHD. Currently on no other drugs. I've tried **reagent and energy control tested** MDMA quite a few times. Other people I've been with have been floored with euphoria. I get ZERO euphoria and don't feel particularly connected.What does happen: * hot/chills* massive pupils/blurred vision* mild visual hallucinations (like drops of water usually on the ceiling)* confusion* drowsinessThen I feel like shit the next day. I've spoken with a few friends who were, at one point in their lives, medicated for ADHD and they seem to report a similar lack of enjoyment from the substance.Additional info: Family member has issues with cytochrome enzyme that metabolizes blood thinners... forget which one. I do get some very mild euphoria from stimulants and a bit more from psychedelics. I don't feel anything from prescription opiates besides nausea and confusion. No euphoria from pot. Are there cytochrome deficiencies that reduce enjoyment of MDMA? Could this be related to ADHD? Anyone else have similar experiences? Any other explanations.
Hey I'm looking to trip on DXM but only the Polistirex type is available to me. What would be a proper dosage for a first timer, also are the "plateaus" that same, if so what dosage would get me to the second? (I'm aware of the differences between hbr and polistyrex for the record)
So I'm extremely bored waiting for my clonazepam or DPT to come in the mail. Planing on smoking DPT I've been looking into freebase conversion. I've got a bunch of bupropion laying around, crushed 450mg up with about half that with baking soda and cooked it up on a spoon. The end result was a orangeish goop I cashed off foil. It was incredibly effective, a initial euphoric cocaine like rush that only lasted a few minutes, stimulation lingers and I had a very notitble mood lift for about an hour and a half. In all it was successful and entertaining. I'd like to try it again with Ritalin. I'm not sure if this method works with all hcl drugs.
I'm not really a drug taker. I'm a serious, serious alcoholic with severe problems but I dont really take many drugs. But lately I've wanted to do heroin so badly. Ive heard its pretty much the ultimate high. Can anyone shed some light on what it's actually like? I like alcohol because it A, gives me a warm feeling, B, makes me forget, C, because my brain needs it. Would heroin scratch that itch too? 
Dont really know what to make of it
So we get pulled over, the cop sees a nug jug of bud on the seat after the driver gets out of the car, and that gave him probable cause to search the car. He then finds my bong and sets it on top of the car. After he closed the car door, my bong fell off the car, causing it to break. The cop said filing a claim might not b successful because he never touched it to cause it to break, closing the car door did. So does anyone think filing a claim for something like this is worth it? He kept saying I still could file one but it's all on camera. Btw I'm 18 in California it's only legalized for 21+ but the cop told me he was gonna give it back to me. So is possessing a bong when you're 18 fine then? The fact that he said I could file a claim on it implies that it's chill. If he broke something illegal of mine then I assume filing a claim isn't possible. 
This is by far the best synergy that I have ever encountered. So let's cut to the chase. Today I consumed 1-cup oolong teaOral- 500mg anaracetamPlugged-30 mg noopept Oral-1.5mg clonazolamE cigDiclazepam And 2 grams of Kratom. I am merking kids on battlefield 1 rn. This is awesome
how would you define yourselfis drugs a big part of that or any part of thator maybe just oneinterested to know dunno if enough characters kajkkdboovinamoovinashmoovinoalkdjlkajsldjalskdnmbejfblordplshelpmenoskhfhdjsnf
This place is starting to get to me. I really don't think I can take any more awkward conversation. I meant ion that I'm gonna go outside and smoke as I really need the fresh air. Being a hospital there is no smoking allowed in the parking lot so I post myself in the back corner on he curb next to the car we came in. After a few cigs and a conversation on messenger with another friend describing everything that had happened up to this point. I come back Into the hospital and it hits me. I have no idea how to get back to the room I came from. The only thing I can reliably locate is the vending machine as I went there earlier with B so he could buy an apple juice. I cash my 20$ bill into gold coins and buy a bag of nacho cheese Doritos and a red vitamin water. At this point I'm wandering the halls of this hospital aimlessly with my chips and drink in hand. I get many funny looks. I can't even imagine what I looked like through someone else's eyes. I try to open this door that I exited from earlier but it's only a one way door. People who work at the hospital watch me attempt to do this 3 separate times. I'm starting to really panic a little bit. I go back to the vending machine and purchase the same thing I did before again. As I'm walking this lady comes up to me and she sternly says that the people in the front will help me if I need help. I quietly mention I'm just trying to find my friends and walk away from her without a conclusion. As I come back into the main room B's girlfriend comes out of his door and smiles and asked me what is wrong. I say that I'm lost. She helps me get back to the room. That's more or less the happy ending. His foot was broken tho. 
http://i.imgur.com/FtkEXJt.pngThis after straining through a cheesecloth and boiling a second time (to reduce volume). I noticed a powdery sedimentary layer settle at the bottom. I can't tell if it's active and if I should mix/drink it if if it's say just the waxy skin that got through my dish towel. I heard it likely tastes awful and doesnt get you anywhere but I also don't know how to filter it out. Another dishtowel?Edit: I drank it 1h50m ago after straining out the sediment. I didn't get sick and didnt trip so I just mixed the remainer of the sediment with a small remainder of the same batch and drank it. Tasted significantly worse, but hopefully I'll see effects in another two hours.edit 2: nothing. I must have fucked up somewhere in the process.
Ever wanted to know the exact moment that the xannies cause you to black out? There's a quick and easy way to find out! (as long as you stayed indoors shitposting like I do)It's as easy as going into your browser history and searching for key terms such as:"xanax lethal dose""can you snort a xan""i can hear the xannies calling"Personally I find that whenever i get *really* fucked I forget that i've googled this shit a billion times before and for some reason they always turn up in my search history along with the classic spelling and grammar deterioration precisely after I redosed a stupid amount compulsively. If my predictions are correct, you should probably end up with similar searches in your history and maybe you won't realize that you stayed up till 4am googling mango chutney recipes like I did.Hopefully you can follow the breadcrumbs and work out where all those food wrappers came from (unless you browsed in incognito mode, then you're **fucked**). Another protip from your boy dusty!!!
k, I know this is super weird, but one of my fav parts of taking my study drugs to study (vyvanse currently, same happens with concerta/adderall etc) other than how much homework I can get done...is that I get massive farts while i'm coming up.Why? Because I'm a girl who hardly ever farts anything more than a tiny quiet toot. Even when I had food poisoning my farts were quiet and pathetic. I'm just not a gassy person. I legit barely burp even after shotgunning beer and when I do it's like a tiny little gurgle.When I take study drugs at about the 30-minute point I start to get these big loud powerful farts, and I can push them out to make them louder, and it is SO SATISFYING. I finally understand why dudes like to fart so much. I also love how you can feel your belly get smaller after a big one.Also I can outfart my BF who is a gentleman and hardly farts in front of me, bless his soul, but has the loudest sleep farts ever... and with the power of vyvanse running through my blood, I can easily beat those. So when i'm home alone studying hopped up on my study drugs I seriously spend the 40 minute come-up trying to see how loud I can fart, making myself giggle like a 5 year old. It almost makes up for the awful BO study drugs give me too.p.s. i'm not a troll just easily amused
I feel like I've tried it all now. I've tried weed several times, but even with a few puffs it makes my head spin horribly.I've done ecstacy, but the feeling just made me... off. I didn't feel happy, just weirdly discoordinated.I tried cocaine, but it only made me feel stressed and anxious.I tried xanax several times, but it only made me dizzy and gave me a headache.I'm starting to wonder if I quite simply just don't like drugs. If they just don't react well with me. Can this be the case? Are people just exagerating with euphoria part? Should I give up? Or is there something to be done?
I recently bought 6 tabs from someone who claimed they were grateful dead tabs and were 500 ug each. I took a hit a few days ago, and sure enough, she wasn't lying. I know it's legit acid, and my last experience has me curious to take 2 tabs next week for a 1000 ug trip. I just want to know if anyone knows what this experience is like or if they have any knowledge concerning it, like how long it would take for me to appear sober when I communicate with people.
So I took the oxys at about 10:30 and around 11:30 I was feeling pretty damn chill. At about 1:00 I smoked a little bowl. Afterwards, I kind of lost the "good" feeling that I had going. I had a weird feeling like I was ODing (I know that I'm not it's just this weird thought I can't get out of my head). I definitely have a history of getting paranoid after smoking, but at this point I've been smoking regularly for over a year. I can't really remember why I made this post, but holy shit I just realized I'm fucked up.
I got vicodin for surgery on a dislocated shoulder and I'm a huge fan. I don't want to fuck with opiates since they're so dangerous and you build tolerance quickly but the warm, muffled feeling I get in which everything feels alright is pretty addictive and frankly therapeutic since I'm a pretty anxious person.  So I'm curious if there are drugs out there that have a similar feeling but are safer than opiates.
Before I start, let me say this is probably going to be a semi long post. So, Monday night I bought a ten strip from my friend, then went to go pick up 2 grams of blow from this guy I knew, but never really spoke to outside of buying drugs. So, I get to his apartment, and his supplier hasn't showed up yet (I was a little early). While we're waiting we're just chilling, listening to music and talking. At some point I mention the acid I bought, and he offers to trade me a quarter gram for a tab once the coke gets here, and I agree. Skip forward about 10-15 minutes, the coke arrives, I get my coke, and give him the tab. Since I'm a nice person, I offer to do a few lines with him before I leave. We have our few lines, and eventually we end up both dropping some acid. Skip forward a few more lines, we are starting to come down off the blow around the same time we are starting to peak. He gets pretty emotional listening to a Pink Floyd song, and we end up talking about our respective childhoods, hardships in life, etc. I realize that this person I barely ever speak to, is so similar to me, and regret the fact I judged him based on my few meetings with him. Now, towards the end of the week, we talk on a regular basis, and I'm going to hang out with him tomorrow (no drugs this time), and he's become one of my closer friends. TL:DR Traded a tab for some blow, got emotional, made a new close friend. Edit: Holy shit guys!! I didn't think this would get this much love, thanks so much!! 
I'm planning on taking a suboxone today to tone down the opiate withdrawals. I'm also gonna do cocaine tn while drinking and I wanna know if it's gonna work or not because of the suboxone. Appreciate any info.
how often is too often?i take small doses my bars are 2mg and if I'm around people i usually only have half then smoke a few jointsi also like to do this by myself but not sure how often is too ofteni take low doses but since I've been able to get it i take it most days/nights, don't want to get addicted but not really sure if what I'm doing is ok or notfeel like i could go without but i like it with weed and smoke most daysthe problem I'm seeing is it never seems like a bad time for a bar or half or whatever considering taking a few now and having a few drinks hahaany thoughts on this would be useful, (i know its not good to drink on them but I'm not gonna get really drunk as I'm just at home)Edit: im also bored af so any tv suggestions or movies would be appreciated- preferably funny 
Hi r/drugs,I have generic brand adderall XR (mixed amphetamine salts 25mg). I ate a large meal and took one pill, and I am just starting to feel the effects. I was wondering what the difference would be if I took another one now, would it be worth it? I have zero tolerance and I was planning on smoking a bit of weed and doing some work. I would kind of just want to have an extra boost for recreation. Is it too late to take it?Thanks!
  A few months back me and 3 friends decided to do a weekend camping trip. over the three days one of them would be for some shrooms we brought to munch on. our one friend was to be a trip sitter.   We ended up eating about half and eighth to 2 grams each. the day was hot and after we ate the shrooms we realized we didn't have much planned for the day.   Skip to about and hour later we finally are over the very uncomfortable comeup and are mildly tripping. After drawing some cool art (which triggered one of my friends still don't understand why but it did) I decided i wanted to go on a hike. We rolled up an eighth blunt for our nature endeavors and set off.   we walk into the forest. I wish i had a picture for it was what you would expect walking into another realm to be. the forest split in to and a perfect green floral path was straight down the middle. An Adult Elk deer sat straight in the middle look back to us before running deeper in. We followed.  Mind you we are in a designated camping site so there are other families around us. Many were giving weird looks as 4 teens walk into a forest but didn't stop us.   After about a 30 min walk we picked a place to smoke which was a swampy area next to a nuclear power plant. here's where shit hits the fan.   We started to smoke and this area is giving me a weird vibe. i keep thinking the plants might be poisonous so i shouldn't touch them.   Then i got dizzy. And really thirsty. i felt really off and felt an urge to go back to camp. as we were far o decided to just squat down for a second. I told my friends i was feeling weird but nothing to concerning.   Next my vision starts to go black. i see black and white outlines of evryhthing around me. I'm also in the peak of my trip so i freak out but try my best to keep my mind intact. I start to walk telling my friends i can't see. Then my hearing goes and all i can hear are their muffled sounds and a ringing. My knees fell weak and i tried to run to camp getting about two feet before i face plant on the ground.   I flip over very disoriented to hear my friend tell in me "it's just shrooms you didn't even eat an eighth your ok" and i knew i was ok. For some reason i knew it wasn't the trip causing this. After a few attempts to go back to camp (which failed as i would go through the same process of blacking out ) i was finally able to walk back to camp.   The whole time i was freaking out about other campers seeing me like that and also if i had an internal head injury (i face planeted full force on a rock).   We ruled it out to i had heat stroke. I have gone through it before but not as intense. the trip made it really crazy and chaotic and a very confused headspace. TDLR tripped in a forest and got heat stroke. 
Hello r/Drugs, I have a safety bulletin for you all. I live in a small town called Uxbridge of about 30,000 people. I need to warn you all of this town. My hometown is so toxic for those involved in drugs, I have to leave for my mental health. People will backstab whoever they can. Usually for drugs, progressively harder and harder ones too.I was almost driven insane by someone who took one of my best friends away from me just in time for my 20th birthday.If that doesn't convince you, I hope to god this will. My best friend, my last friend in this godforsaken shithole has actually been driven insane. She's been accepted to an asylum. If you ever come to Uxbridge Canada, do not ever, ever, stay here. Please. Once is more than enough.
I've been depressed for a while over a number of things. I've been seeing psychiatrists and doctors. Lately I've been taking DXM just to get "out of this world". Its kinda shitty but i want to try shrooms and see what it is like. Im at the that point in my life where i have no direction, motivation, energy, etc. I just want an experience that will reshape my mind and hopefully make me see things differently.How much should I take?What should I do while on shrooms?I have a trip sitter and benzos just in case.I just need to change my way of thinking and my perception.Feel free to comment or ask any questions.
So I have obtained a few of these round whit pills with a box m scored on one side and a 30 on the other side. They look like a 30 mg oxy but are completley white, and the 30 is locared on the bottom half of the pill rather than the top half. It has a very salty taste to it. Can oxycodone taste salty?  I'm not too familiar with generic brands. Got them from a liget source but I'm sceptical.

*Before reading, keep in mind this trip took place roughly 5 months prior to the writing of this story. Some details are hazy at this point.*Not too long ago, I decided to try the Jedi Flip, and I found the experience to be so amazing I had to share my story.Let me set the scene. My friend was in the process of moving to a new house. His house for a period of 13 days was completely empty and moved out of, his family had already left for the new house, meanwhile he stayed with another friend of ours while finishing up school. We set up some tents, sleeping bags, speakers, etc. in his house (which as a reminder is completely empty. only stuff in there was what we brought.)At approximately noon on Saturday two friends, who we will call J and C, and I arrived at the house by ourselves. at noon J dropped 1 cube of LSD, roughly 200 ug. He was not planning a Jedi flip, however I was. C dropped a similar dosage, however his unfortunately ended up being duds. At the same time i dropped 2 cubes of LSD, roughly 400 ug, and ate an 1/8 of mushrooms. 10 minutes after consumption J and I noticed we both felt our come ups already, which from previous experiences is not typical, usually I feel the come up around the 40 minute mark. We both had 2 points of molly that we could take, but we questioned if it was a good idea since we felt the come ups so quickly. At 12:30 after some decent discussion, J and I both take 1 point each. After another minute, I look at him and take the other 1. He laughed in excitement and popped his too. 1:00: Some more friends arrive to the house, I will identify them as S and R. We all were hanging out in the upstairs. I layed down on the carpet with my head facing left while i began looking as far right as I could. I noticed you can sort of see through your nose which kinda amazed me for a while. J on the other hand lied down in front of a sub-woofer with a tweeter on each side oh his head for what looked like the ultimate music experience. After staring through my nose for a while, i finally decided to get up. This is when things got interesting. When i pushed myself upwards, I shot up into a jump in which i felt suspended in the air for nearly 4-5 seconds. I felt ridiculously light, agile, and energetic. Wearing some nice wool socks, I ran downstairs to the hardwood floor, and slid all the way across the house. For about 10 minutes I was just running and sliding and laughing at how much fun it was. However, I had way too much energy to be contained to a house. My friends suggested we go on a walk in a nearby trail that runs throughout my neighborhood and even leads down to the ocean. 2:00: J and I open the door to the backyard, and instantly my entire concept of reality sort of changed. The best way I can describe it is everything felt like a video game. The entire world looked and felt like World of Warcraft with more realistic graphics. Everything was brightly colored, yet looked almost soft. As if i could touch my hand to the ground and no dirt would get on me kinda soft. My mind was racing, and so was I, literally I was running around the yard in laps. Then J pulls out an aerobie disc and throws it to me. I quickly turn and catch it effortlessly. Like let me tell you this thing would leave my hand and always land in the hand of J, and vice verse. We never missed. On one of the throws J wasn't even paying attention, the disc bounced vertically beside him and bounced at just the right height to land in his slightly curled fingers, thus completing the catch. After everyone finished grabbing a couple things to go on the walk, we left the property and began walking through the neighborhood towards the trail entrance. The entire neighborhood looked kinda similar to the sims. People looked like NPCs that wouldn't react if i just walked by them. 2:30: We reach the trail head, and I couldn't have been happier. I began running back and forth on the trail to keep near my walking friends. J occasionally would run varying distances with me, but I couldn't seem to stop. Except for one point where we saw a divet in the side of the trail, it looked almost like a large nest, so of course I had to go sit in it. While sitting in the "nest" my attention locked on the trees, I started tripping out from what felt like the more LSD side of the trip. The branches and leaves all began to wave and grow eventually covering my vision in a gorgeously bright and colorful canopy of green leaves and amazing moving branches. I was here for nearly 5 minutes locked and unmoving. After finally snapping out of the trip, I began running one again. While sprinting around S, i slipped on some rocks and before i know i was on the ground sliding on all fours on moving rocks. I recovered, stood up, and looked at my friends concerned faces asking me if i was ok. I looked down at my hands which were somewhat scraped up and bleeding, however I didn't feel it. It was as if i was in call of duty or some similar game and your character looks down at their injured hands then instantly stops caring. I simply told my friends "I don't feel it." and just started running again. After finishing the trail, we decided to head back to the house to patch up my hands. 3:00: We got back to the house and were trying to figure out to fix my hands, since the house was empty. I remembered i had a first aid kit in my car. So i enthusiastically announced "Oh shit guys, i got a med kit in my car!" Med kit felt appropriate since i was in a video game. I run to my car, grab the kit, ran back inside to my friend who has medical training and say "fix me up doc!". I put my hands palm up on the table and simply waited for the procedure to be over and done with. 3:30: We decided there was plenty of time in the day and I was still bursting with energy, so we got ready for another walk. The next trail head was a bit further away, so we hopped in my friends car to drive there. I was passed the aux and I had time to play 1 single song. So to continue with the video game experience i was going through, i played a song by Morgan David King called "Press Start", which basically has a video game vibe. At the drop the song of course says "Press Start!" then bass drops etc. Well my friend driving, is crazy awesome at driving to sound, slowing down during slow parts, and flooring it during a drop. The drive was insane to say the least. After getting to the trail head, part 2 of my adventure begins. This trail, after a heft walk, leads down to the ocean where a small private beach can be found. As soon as we started the walk, J and I were back to full energy adn began running circles around everyone else once again. After a bit of running, J and I stopped a little ways from the group, we couldn't stand still. We kept stumbling and struggling to stand up without moving our feet constantly. We honestly felt drunk... then I told him "Dude... its like were drunk... but on energy... bro, were drunk on energy!" to this J had the look of someone who just heard the best thing they have ever heard ever. We both got super excited about how dam cool that idea sounded. We of course ran back and told the rest of the group. After a bit more walking we stop at an opening that overlooks the water. Two trees one on the left and about 13 yards from one on the right which created an open window towards the ocean. The view was absolutely beautiful, blue skies with nice white clouds, a calm ocean that looked perfect. All the colors looked amazing, it looked as if a professional photographer used some crazy filters and that was what i was seeing. 4:00: We reach the last part of the trail, which forces us to climb straight down a couple pretty steep slopes. Some of these slopes had ropes tied off to help people. On our way down i stepped in a really sandy spot, then with both feet planted side by side, i was able to slide down at a pretty medium pace, yet extremely stable. Once again feeling like a video (or move in this case) i felt like i was on a speeder of Star Wars, i could see the trees moving past in me in my peripheral vision, but my focus was on my feet as they slid down the hill. On the way down we passed a tree that grew up then down and back up again. Kinda looked like a sinusoidal curve, but smooth enough that you could sit on the trunk like a saddle. Sitting on a tree saddle is awesome, you feel like your at the helm of a forest army. Once we got all the way down to the beach, the craziest part of my trip started. 4:20: So once i got onto the beach, i started to notice the shrooms were kind of taking over, hard to explain but my trip definitely got more introspective, the same kind you'll get from shrooms. At the same time, everything became even more similar to a video game. I stripped down into a speedo, as i was planning to jump in the water. R and I jump off a log into the water, which honestly felt like it was 10 degrees. Before I couldn't even feel temperature. Almost like a MMORPG character, you can just take all their clothes off and put them in the snow and they wont get cold cause they're a character. Yet, the moment i jumped in all the nerves in my body went into overdrive. I was freezing. Being underwater felt amazing, the sensation of a liquid surrounding you just felt beyond surreal. The moment i stood up from the icy water, I opened my eyes and i noticed something... alarming. Around the edge of my vision frost started to form. Similar to what you'd see on a survival game where your character is cold. I run over to my friends and frantically yell "guys. i am going to die. i am freezing to death and i need to find warmth." Luckily my friends are super cool, and they rushed me over to our stuff to grab me a towel. Which i promptly warmed up again, indicated by the receding frost. While warming up, we noticed a large piece of plywood floating towards the shore. We gathered around the future landing spot once it was only about 5 yards out I decided to go try and stand on it. It tried to move from under my feet but my weight just barely pushed it down before it could slip out from under me cause me to fall back into the freezing water. The next portion is possibly one of the weirdest and coolest experiences i have ever gone through.One time at this same beach my friend C and I uhh... smashed some crabs with rocks as sacrifices for the sun god... long story, but that background information is needed.Well C found another little crab and we began talking about that time we smashed them. Well that lead to his suggestion of smashing it again as was tradition. Well J had a different idea, he said smashing the crab would and ding such a terrible act will turn possibly ruin the day. I was faced with a choice, either pick J and his side, or C and his. i told them "guys don't do this.." and realizing what was happening, and once again continuing the connection of my trip to video games, C says "Oh shit, this is a game juncture!" (game juncture being when youre forced to make decision A or decision B which each leads to a different result). Then things hit maximum weirdness. C instantly stood up right and began talking in the most stereotypical NPC voice and said "You must smash this crab for it is tradition! The Sun God must be pleased!". J instantly caught on and spoke right after saying "No do not kill this poor creature, if you do the world will fall into chaotic turmoil!". As they were speaking my vision began to alter, When each person was respectively talking the light on them became very bright, while the one not talking became very dim as if to show focus on your choices. I was literally choosing which path I was too follow. After long thought and realizing that im tripping hard. I decided "well what would i do in a video game?" knowing myself I would usually choice the more traditional path. So I did. I took the crab to a small log, then found a decently sized rock, lifted the rock far above my head and pleased the Sun God with one more sacrifice. I felt powerful, like a champion hand selected by some higher power. While holding the rock C noticed something very interesting. This rock was extremely similar to a starting rock you would receive in the game Rust (or ARK). And on top of this, I was still in nothing but a speedo. In Rust when you spawn your character is in nothing more than a loin cloth similar to a speedo. Our minds began exploding with realizations that I looked just like a character from Rust. I went out into a grassy field, which put me in total immersion. I was literally as immersed as humanly possible. I was standing in a field, holding a rock, in nothing but a "loin cloth", and I had to retrieve wood. Feeling almost controlled by a higher power I began walking over to logs and hitting them with my rock. Every time i hit a rock I saw a little chat box appear saying [+10 wood], in the exact same fashion you would in Rust. My mind was blown, I was consciously thinking "oh my gosh I AM a video game" while unconsciously doing the tasks I would make my own characters do while playing.  My friends were all laughing about how funny the situation was. I continue playing for a little bit longer, just enjoying the absolute immersion to the fullest. 5:30: The beach extends slightly out into the ocean, and the only way to move along the shore was to climb across large rocks which you could traverse easily. J and I climbed a little ways out onto the rocks till we were decently far from the beach and everyone else. During this time J and I had some deep conversations that ended up with him telling me about an absolutely mind numbing theory, which I will write about in another post in the future. We talked for roughly half an hour, and by the end we came to the conclusion, that high, was the high we never wanted to come down from. Ironically after this was when I began to come down from the high which had been intense for nearly 6 hours. The drop off from the Jedi Flip comes rather quickly, while normally the LSD should outlast the Molly and Shrooms, this trip kinda came down all at once. The rest of the trip involves us going back to the house, smoking a lot of weed, and I inevitably get so high I began to no longer function efficiently. After such an intense, controlling, and empowering experience where I felt like one of the most alive humans on the planet. I began to lose overall motor function (almost like you're near blacking out while drunk). We did some more stuff to keep us entertained but truthfully, a lot of it was a blur. To summarize my experience, I felt like I lived in a video game. I had endless energy, couldn't feel pain, couldn't feel temperature (until I jumped in the ocean), and I felt like I was at my physical prime. Never had I been more energetic, athletic, flexible, reactive, and powerful. I theorized that maybe a Jedi from Star Wars are all actually Jedi Flipping constantly, they're just on so much that they alter the normal physics of the typical universe. This trip allowed me to experience life in a way I never thought possible. I have never had more fun, nor felt more primal then I did on that day. I will mark this down in my personal history book as possibly the greatest day of my life. To anyone wishing to attempt a Jedi Flip for themselves, I highly recommend, trying each drug individually, and trying combos of each before attempting all 3. The dose I took I believe was an extremely high dose. I would not recommend starting at that. However, with that being said, I would definitely rate the experience a 15/10 for allowing me to seemingly transcend our own perceived human limitations and allowing me to exceed my own expectations oh what I was able to physically do. Hope you enjoyed, and thanks for reading! 
https://imgur.com/Lr2cdrdI'm done shooting dope and shooting for this to be my last white chip. I just got out of detox and am leaving for rehab. Ive lost so much, and can only count on one hand the people I have left in my life. In only 21 so now is my prime time. Hopefully ill be back in school by next august and not going to class nodding off. So excited to see what the future holds.Wish me luck you guys!
So my sister recently let me try her Adderall pills because I had to write two papers in one night and I was stressed out and couldn't focus. (I'm 17 taking college classes) I felt amazing on it, I could focus, I knocked out the papers like they were nothing (couple grammatical errors but I caught them before I submitted) . Once I was finished I kept feeling great so I started studying for other classes and my upcoming exams, it felt like my brain was a stuffy nose and I finally got some sudafed. The only downside to it was I took it pretty late in the day so I was up all night, I didn't mind it though because my sleeping schedule was horrible so the reset was a good thing. My question is, If it makes me feel so productive and good, what is the real downside to taking it every once in a while? I don't really want it all the time because it does make me thirsty as all hell, but maybe just when I get overwhelmed with school work. Are there serious long-term side effects to it? All I've seen is some short term ones that don't happen to everyone but can be serious like head-aches, hallucinations, uneven heartbeats, etc.
I'm a month clean from a 3-4 week benzo habit where I consumed 100 xanax bars and 390mg of etizolam and I'm wondering if I was at risk of a seizure, and if taking a benzodiazepine again could bring back the withdrawal I experienced.
So I have a Sudoku board made of glass which I use to prepare all my drugs for consumption and because I'm not a very clean person I will often times leave it out on my table where it gets to accumulate a nice amount of dust. So what I do before setting up new lines is I'll use a card to scrape the residual drugs from last time along with the dust to the back of the board. at first it was only a laziness thing but soon it turned to an inside joke with my friends, we started calling it the 'surprise line' because there are so many different drugs punched together in there, so I thought it would be funny to just let it sit and keep adding drugs and dust.So let's skip to yesterday, I was having a friend over who wanted a line of meth so I took out my baggie and... no shards in there. I was utterly confused for a second. You see I like to think I use my meth as responsibly as I can, meaning I don't use frequently and when I do I keep the dosage low, most I've ever done over a 48hr period was 100mg. I had gotten a gram of some incredible ice from a nice canadian onion salesman back in july which came in a little overweight and up until this point I'd only used about 600-700mg of it, so there should have been plenty left. But there wasn't. I didn't know what to think of it so I brushed it off.Until a couple minutes earlier I was eating breakfast when something in my Sudoku board caught my eye. A nice fat shard laying in the middle of the surprise line! So I investigated and apparently I managed to dump all my meth into this pile of dusty, chemical death and since most of it had already been crushed up I don't think there's a way if retrieving it. So yeah... the surprise line ate my meth :(
Hi guys,Me and a friend have found a little vacuum bag of white powder in a storage cupboard in the garage at his parents house, and we became very curious of what it could be.We took it out of the bag and ground it till it became very thin. It's sticky (stays on the object we used to grind it). It smelled a bit like gasoline when we burned it. It first looked a bit like little pieces of dry ground, but then white. We really want to identify this, even if it is to discover that it's laundry detergent or something along those lines.I also wanted to point out that neither me nor my friend have ever used drugs (besides alcohol if that counts).Thanks!
Soooo I'm going to party tonight and was thinking about dropping 50ug orso and just drink some beers and ruhm. I wanted to do some blow maybe later in the night but idk if this is a good combo, any one know if it's dangerous? I love blow and alcohol and lsd (low dose) and alcohol but idk if the combi is dangerous or anything.
if the xanniez don't hurt chaaaaaa lalalaa problem wont be commin to yahthree exotic broads-look at the bodshigh afff with mary and Xanny, sittin on a beacsh in Caliwatch the wavessz.Fah dayzzzzin a dazen hazeb on a level of greeeeaaatnessso take dis.I'm pretty sure i told a cashier to fuck themself cause they would nt let me buy 10 cans of whip cream and balloons in one purchase (???/also bought a lizard and some cricket (bout 500) from petco type shops . what tf do i do with it now??? this was like 60 bucks LOL I'm with a friend and hes also bartard out. wants me to put this lizard in this lady fuckin backpack. i wanna keep it tho. its funny the cricket re probably gonna go inside of my other friends car jus to fuck wirth him . ahahah cuz he stole a nug from me i know it!TEST: Typing correctly is difficult with this xanax in my system. I have found words just seem like they are use less (useless?) to spell see correctly. " ^^^^^Took bout 10 min , highscore?
Tonight I'll be taking 2 grams of shrooms. This is my first experience with psychedelics. I'm a regular weed smoker & will have some weed on hand for after the peak. I figured I would ask, is 2 grams enough for a good little trip? I'll be with friends who will be tripsitting so I'm not worried about the effects. Thank you for the help.
The bag is still sealed and the coke is still there. It's less than a gram so if it's done, I'm not overly concerned, but is it safe to consume? It went through the washer and the drier. On a funnier note, I live in a shared building and someone needed my drier so they took all my clothes out and put them in a bin to the side and left my little baggie resting on top. Apparently I have really chill neighbors.
Picture this: Just an ordinary day where you're with your friends, searching for a hookup and everybody is dry. Ricky sold his last bag the day before yesterday, Ketty Kev ran out on Monday and Chris is on the run after his girlfriend got the police involved. You've resorted to asking friends of friends and even people you barely know - you're getting desperate and everybody's annoyingly sober.A previously silent friend in the corner of the room speaks up, *"We could ask Bonzo"* Who the fuck is Bonzo? What the fuck is a Bonzo? Does this guy even exist or is this a joke? Your friend doesn't even have a method of contacting this "Bonzo" character, so even if he did exist you're still fucked. Even the most senior members of the group doubt this person is real.But then as if by magic, somebody you met on a night out years ago replies to your earlier message,*"Text this number, this guy will sort you out. He's called Bonzo"*Everybody starts freaking out - this has to be more than a coincidence... is your friend undercover? Did you all get too bartarded and forget your most common dealer? Is Bonzo actually God? The opportunity can't be missed, you contact him immediately and shortly after he sends round a runner on a pushbike to deliver the goods and they're only a metaphor away from being an actual godsend.Bonzo ended up coming through multiple times and the goods were always of insanely high quality, but not once did we meet him - the myth, the legend. Even today, having Bonzo's phone number is synonymous with being part of the 'old crew' of experienced users in the area.**Has anybody else ever had an experience like this, where a mysterious/legendary dealer helps you out in a time of need?** Who is your Bonzo? (do not include too many specifics, obviously)
my parents just moved out and i got thier place.my dad had some old medication in the cabienent.i never use prescription drugs for a high.i want to try though and im sure something in this big box of meds can do it
As the title states, I want to buy Adderall, but I am concerned about legitimacy and I don't want to be taking pressed meth. I found this chart:http://www.neurosoup.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/Reagent-Drug-Test-Kit-Chart-new2.jpgAccording to this, I can use Marquis to verify that it's some kind of amphetamine, and Robadope or Simon to make sure it's not meth. Anything I'm missing?

When people smoke, they crave the nicotine. What's the difference with a vape? You still need the nicotine. People that smoke don't crave the water vapour from a vape, they crave the nicotine. It makes no sense to me. Can someone explain
Some of you might find drugs just as a thing to get fucked up on, or some just deal with the stuff by simply reselling them. But there's also an option of trading drugs for goods. Someone has anything you want, and they want drugs - Let's trade! **What are your best drug-related trades?** 
People of this sub, I am a 16 year old male and I plan on going on a camping "trip" with a couple of friends, all my age. We are considering taking one tab of LSD each, equal to 110 micrograms. One of the three of us has much experience with psychedelics as he has taken them many times before. I feel very prepared for this trip and I would like to know your opinions on weather 110 micrograms of LSD is a good amount for a beginner, and is it a good idea to smoke cannibis whilst tripping. How much did you take on your first time? Did you enjoy it? What are some of your experiences? 
Tonight I took a lot of ketamine and smoked weed and it made me realize that there is no god. I came to this conclusion based on the fact that a truly loving and moralistic god would reveal himself to his creation. God would spare us from choosing from 4,200 religions with a 1/4200 chance of going to heaven. The other people belonging to the other 4,199 religions would suffer from the correct gods hell. Could you imagine doing that to your creation if you were a god? Imagine that your family was your creation and you tortured them like that. If god actually loved us he would give us concrete proof and a one way path to their version of heaven. I also discovered that a omnibenevolent deistic god can't exist because of the current state of the world. A truly all powerful god could have created perfect beings but he did not. Although this could be proven false if the correct God is evil. In which case I don't think anyone is going to heaven. Tell me your thoughts atheists/theists.
So I have a bag with some of my weed & paraphernalia that I keep in my car. Last night someone broke into my car and only took the bag. Outside of the car several feet away my beautiful piece was smashed in pieces along with bags & papers thrown out all over the place.What can I do to get back at this mother fucker and maybe catch him doing it again?
I'm interested to hear answers because it's astonishing to me how differently drugs effect each individual.  I had a friend who was a computer programmer and he would stay up for days doing Adderall and Cocaine and then come down on Xanax.  He does this routine every week and then crash in Friday and then have a normal Saturday and Sunday.  He's been doing this for about two years now and makes a decent amount of money.  Somehow he can force himself to eat when he takes the Xanax so he hasn't lost weight.  I'm just curious to hear stories of other people who knows someone or is that someone who maintains a career and normal life while abusing drugs throughout it.
I feel very stimmy and am experiencing some crazy vasoconstriction. I took some l citrulline and made a beet smoothie to hopefully combat this, I also have viagra on deck if I need something more powerful. I am going to workout in the next hour which will hopefully also assist with some vasodilation. What I'm wondering however, is will I be fine for the dinner at 4:30? I also plan on some meditation following the workout to lower my blood pressure even further. Any tips to reduce my anxiety/ get my blood pressure down ? 
Okay so, I'm not the brightest guy. I'm playing online with a group of guys I know and I decided to finish off the small amount of vodka I have left ( 2 shots worth I'd say). I down that shit real fast. About 10min later I'm looking for more shit to do and take a drink of lean that I mixed Gatorade. Only when I  take my second sip do I realize that I'm mixing alcohol with and opioid, and that that's a good way to die. I didn't take much of either. I'm gonna be alright, yeah?
Especially if they don't know that you know. This pertains mostly to people you are familiar with because the stims amplify their usual mannerisms and they just seem a little too quick overall.It makes me laugh because I think we can all relate to that feeling of "oh shit I gotta get this thing done" and popping a few vyvanse (or addy) and going ham to finish it on time.
I'm not sure exactly what's wrong, did about 3gs of blow within a 14 hour period. Kept hydrated & relatively calm the whole time, but have an extremely difficult lump in throat feeling for a few hours. I dont have dry mouth or drips, but it takes between 20-60 seconds just to swallow & its very difficult. 
Now, I know opiates like oxycodone and stuff is really dangerous and addiction forming. I feel it to be completely honest but I'm going to do my best by not doing it again - at least for a month or so to keep the tolerance low and want less.   The high I felt was more like a buzz, comparing to alcohol. Dizziness was the biggest factor. After about 45 minutes of taking the pills I begin to feel dizzy and then dizzier. But, not in a way that its bad, I liked it a lot. But the biggest thing I noticed - and somewhat of a reason I'm making this post, I felt the need to just hang out with some people and chill. Nothing else interested me other than hanging out with some nice people with a very positive attitude and just have a good time. Sadly, I didn't do this as no one was online or around ): That feeling was incredible, I was so happy and very positive. What is the high like for you guys?   Now, a question, is there anything safer and less addictive to achieve the same feeling? I feel like weed might be something that I'm looking for but smell and the fact that I can't get high from it really hinders that option ): Oh yeah, the itchiness. I hate it 
On the one hand I read in many sources that GBL is "moderately" addective, less than alcohol for example. On the other hand there's a lot of feedback people who are seriously addicted for many years.For example you can take MDMA once a month. How offten can I take GBL to be safe and reduce the addiction risk? How much is it likely? Is someone there who take GBL eg. once a week for a long time and all is fine?
So today my dealer offered to dose me tomorrow from a vial of LSD he's getting tomorrow. I was excited but then realized that we're gonna be the first people taking doses from the vial and that we're prettymuch guinea pigs? Should I be concerned? What should I watch out for?

A friend of mine that I've had for 7 years just robbed me of one ounce of weed, 5 hulks and 20 2mg bars, I chased him down after he ran away and he was completely blacked out on xanax, he promised to pay me back but still hasn't. Fuck xanax it is a horrible drug
SO i decided to collapse into all the hyps surrounding this so called drug ive been seeing for years! SO i went and bought 5 grams of it! Ok so i got the powdery kind but it burns... I know some people get crystals some get powder idk why... But its really euphoric!!! I could test this all week and not even sleep its that dangerous is what my machine says! so i only test 2 days then put away for 60 then ya It is better than coke forsure and i heard NEP is better then HEX so just need to find it!!!!!!!!!! NOT ASKING FOR ANY SOURCES.....The comedown i pretty rough i suggest benzos i just got new 4mg etiz so im going to take that after i come down then sleep allday tomorrow! woo! Whats your thouts on it... Are yo guys tired of threads about it!? Also what is a HEXEN wash and how do i make it not burn. I will chop for a fucking hour and still burns a lil! wtf lol still better than nasty cocaine...oh and can you make HEXEN Crack lol just like coke (noob question so what)
Should be a good trip. Been smoking weed for a while too. Been about two hours since the gels and an hour since the syrup, not much notice effect besides a very light comeup. I'm mostly just stoned. Either way this is gonna be a good trip, see y'all in the dextroverse!
Hey, I've gone around the block with various amphetamines, including adderall, focalin, dexedrine, ritalin, and today vyvanse. The only one that seemed to really hit the spot for me was dexedrine(dextroamphetamine). It focused me perfectly, just like this vyvanse is doing. However, I find myself feeling like the vyvanse i took 5 hours ago is better for many reasons. 1.  The euphoria. I've taken up to 120mg adderall over 36 hours and it kept me up, but never a real euphoria. Same with everything else except dexedrine had a slightly euphoria. 2. Duration. Wow this stuff is not fading away at all after 5 hours and according to what i've read online it's duration isn't even halfway over. Exactly what i need in an amphetamine, as i'm not a daily user, I use perhaps once a month or less when I have a lot to do. 3. Side effects aren't bad. Most of the time I'm jittery as hell and can't eat at all on an amphetamine. This one works much better without those effects. Anyway, my question is I guess:1. Will vyvanse continue to cause this euphoria or will that fade eventually? 2. I've eaten plenty and stayed very hydrated, no recoding will be done. Should i have a smooth comedown?3. What's your favorite stimulant?
So yesterday i took two tabs of what i thought was acid on a sour patch kid so i couldnt taste if it was bitter or not. It took a while to kick in but when it did i notices my hands were feeling like they were prickly and were really bothering me. They were also really discolored and purple and just didnt look right. The best way i can explain the trip was it was on and off if it was good or bad. Music sounded cool, and watching trippy videos was fun and all but it was kind of disapointing. The only visuals i got were mild tracers and kind of swirly vision. Sometimes it would feel like there was so much energy in my mouth i felt like i would throw up and my jaw would start twitching and shit. Not to mention a couple times i would get this sense of impending doom which i cant explain. It was my first physcadelic experience so this is why im asking you guys i guess. The thing that made me wonder if it was real acid was i took the tab at 8:30 in the morning and i couldnt sleep until 1:00 in the morning due to me being in a physcadelic headspace still. Any insight you guys have would be greatly appreciated. 
Ive been doing coke all night, Its pretty good stuff for the area i live in anyways its 8AM and for the first time my vision is completely blurred, i can barely read what im typing and cant use my phone at all... any help would be great thanks :)  
So i've read that DMT is released naturally at two times in our lives, during birth and when you die(not sure if its a proven thing or not, but lets work with the idea). There is a common saying that when you die your life flashes before your eyes. So, could this perhaps be due to a release of DMT in the brain when dying? 
So i know that this subreddit is not about weed, but i have a question. How much time should I wait before driving if i smoke a joint about 0.5g-1 g. I know it depends on the quality and the quantity of THC but roughly should I wait 12h-18h-24h-36h after smoking? I just saw a post about driving under the influence and it's a big no-no for me. I alway take a cab home but now it's more about how much hours before taking my car again! I live in Canada so if the info can help with the canadian law!Thanks!
I've been having a problem lately, I moved to a new city (LA) where I get to go to better raves/festivals but I have no friends to go with.The problem comes when it's time to roll some molly, I have no one to keep an eye on me in case anything bad happens (bad trip, dehydration, pill bought not being molly) and since I have no contacts I'm afraid I'm gonna get something that gives me a complete different trip. Last time (2 years ago) i tried a pill at a club and I started getting paranoid. First,  lots of euphoria but then I couldn't remember where I left some cash I had at my house so I panic, I started walking out in the street looking for it but then I remembered ihid it during my high.What do you guys think? Should I just take it and trust in myself while high?
Summer was still young and I was looking to have a good time. I'd recently made a couple new drug friendly friends. One of the friends, "A", mentioned to me in a text conversation that he he had mushrooms available at 20$ an 8th. I'm pretty well versed in acid at this point and have always been curious about mushrooms so I hit him up and make the deal. He mentions to me that he and "B" might be looking to hang out later. Fast forward a couple hours I'm tripping balls on mushrooms hysterically laughing about how not funny I think everything is. I get a phone call from A asking what I'm doing. My exact words were " I don't think I'm trying to hang out right now". Mushrooms are weird man. I'm starting to feel a little bit more myself so I get back in contact with them to find out  where they are at. At this point, for some reason, I really thought I was a lot less high than I was. I get dressed and walk out my front door. It's still early enough in the morning for it to be completely dark. They give me an address in the next town over probably about 15 minutes away. 1 hour later I find myself parked next to the train tracks in a sketchy part of town with the faintest hint of sunlight illuminating the world. I feel at peace. I think I'm in the right place so I figure might as well eat these 2 hits of acid so I can be on there level when we finally meet up. Turns out I'm on the complete wrong side of town. After about an hour of angry phone conversation I finally locate these crazy fucks. I park and A skates up to my window greeting me and explaining how high they are. B is off in the distance going on about how this wasn't our day. I follow them around skating for less than 5 minutes before we come to his bank sign. It's sits taller than me by a good 6 inches. B decides to take the drop breaking his skateboard in 2 pieces on the first try. A says he's gonna avenge him and goes for it. I watch as he lands directly on his heel. He says this hurts worse than anything in his entire life. Neither me nor B really thinks it's broken so we kind of laugh about it. It takes us about 20 minutes to get back to B's apartment. The inside of this apartment is exactly what you would expect from the outside. Empty cans of beer and broken skateboard decks are among the first things I notice. B asks me if I've ever done Molly before. He produces this little dish that looks like it came right from the local good will. He cuts it into 2 lines and we partake. I still don't really process how high I am. After about 2 hours of awkward conversation and skate videos A comes to the conclusion his foot is broken and we have to go to the hospital. We shotgun the last 3 of the beers and start to get the car ready to go. As A is making it down the stairs I'm helping B make sure we have everything we need. He pulls out this bag of mushrooms and asks if I wanna eat a couple caps before we go. I'm hesitant but, trying to impress this guy, I eat the mushrooms and we rush downstairs to find A sitting in the passenger seat of the car smoking a cigarette. B drives and we have one stop to make first before we go to the hospital. The weed store. A says there is no way he's sitting in the hostpital all day not stoned. Finally we are at the hostpital. It really hits me as we walk up. This place is real. Real people doing real things. No place for me at all. I take a seat in the waiting room with B as A gets himself checked in. I'm look at the wall in front of me watching it's subtle breathing motions. I notice every object in my field of vision is very slowly getting bigger and smaller. I'm not sure what it was, probably the Molly, but I'm not terribly uncomfortable. Just very tired. We make it to the hospital room finally. Just me A and B. He chooses the religious channel over the cartoons that were already on. Doctors come in and let us know we have to leave while they give A X-rays. Me and B exit into this big room full of nurses and other staff seemingly doing their jobs. I mention that I need to use the restroom and head over to this bathroom in the corner of the room. Inside the bathroom there is a wet floor side. For some reason this doesn't add up in my head as the floor isn't wet and a head back to B once again mentioning I need to use the restroom. He insists the bathroom is good to use. I sit in the doorway for what seems like 10 minutes weighing my options before finally taking the jump and shutting the door behind me. I need fresh air. To be finished  
I'll be in Amsterdam for NYE and I plan on going to a big techno event on the night I get in, and another similar event the very next night. I am trying to decide which drugs to do and when to do them.Night 1: Speed (no redosing). Get to sleep ~6-8am and sleep all day and eat well.Night 2: MDMA (no redosing). Same afterwards. I understand the neurological dangers of mixing the two which is why I won't be doing that. But can I expect my MDMA experience to be negatively impacted by the speed from the day before? Will the come down be worse?

Took some Vallies and mdma last night with some friends and had a great time. I spoke to my friend when we were on the comedown stretch and he had some sort of blue gunk around the corners of his mouth. He had this before and I remember seeing it but not thinking anything of it but then I saw it again yesterday and he said it happens every time he takes Mandy so I'm just wondering if other people have heard of this happening? He's the only person I've ever seen it happen to so it could just be a very atypical response.
Dear /r/Drugs,I recently purchased AWS Gemini-20 portable scale. Reasonable accuracy in the 0.020g range i need to weigh out.The question is... I've seen somewhere it's better that you put a 10g calibration weight on it and measure you milligrams from there... they said it's more accurate that way - is it TRUE? or should I not worry about it?
I have been an occasional psychedelic drug user(did weed couple times, shrooms once, lsd  2 times and 2cb 3 times) since I´m 18 years old(I´m almost 20 now).And what I felt has happend is that I don´t feel like a happy energetic, motivated teen anymore. I also noticed is that I often get into big thought loops checking if I got depersonalisation or HPPD. I used to not give a damn about my mental health and now I often just think way too much about things that I shoudnt care about. I´m not fried or anything, but it has affected me in a way that makes me enjoy life not as much as I used to. If I´m ever touhing any drug agin it would probably be shrooms, because I think its good at giving joy in the long run. Never ever would I use mdma again.I have been doing sport for a while, I´m doing nofap, I´m trying to get a gf and hopefully be as happy as I used be in middle-school & highschool.EDIT: I never really abused them or took them on a bad mindset. I even took pretty moderate doses
In general, I'm not a very anxious person. My job requires me to speak in front of a group of ~5 people several times a week and I have no problem with that. However, I have a hard time establishing friends and a really really hard time talking to girls. As in I'm a 21 year old virgin for no reason other than that I can't talk to girls. I can't even ask a girl for her phone number.So my theory is that if I take something like xanax therapeutically on an as needed basis (like once or twice a week), maybe I'll be able to finally do these things, and after I do, I'll have less anxiety around girls even without medication. Does this make sense? I've tried getting over this fear on my own since I was like 14, but it's proving to be very difficult.
I have used a lot of psychedelics and weed but relatively few uppers. I have only used moderate doses of Adderall (to study) and cocaine once. When I did cocaine I snorted about .2g and felt some euphoria and excitement for a brief period. While I enjoyed, it I told my friend, who had given it to me, that I did not understand why this drug was immensely popular. He told me I did not do enough to fully experience the drug. How mush should I do to get the full experience?
OK so when I was in high school (a decade ago) I remember we could go to a nurse practitioner and could be prescribed whatever she thought was necessary (whether it was controlled or not). Going to a different nurse practitioner (for the first time in a decade) and she absolutely does not prescribe controlled medication, and I've even been told that only psychiatrists can prescribe that type of medicine... So ten years ago I was prescribed adderall by a nurse practitioner, but now one will only prescribe things like Strattera, despite the fact that I told her I've already taken adderall and it worked fine for my symptoms. So just curious as to what happened in the last decade that this change occurred? I'm not mad or anything, just really flipping confused. (Stats: in US and even same county, one decade difference). 
So I'm 32 years old and I just got diagnosed with ms, pretty shitty, but I think it's just one more reason to enjoy everyday that I'm granted to live.So I took quite a lot drugs when I was younger and now that I'm old I take them on rare occasions like once a year. beside smoking weed, which also helps me with my ms.Ironically the day I had my first outbreak was where I planned to take LSD for the first time in my life.This was half a year ago.So again I want to know, can I still experience LSD or will this drug be a mystery for me forever?And what about Ecstasy etc.
I can't really smoke weed in my current situation cause it smells too much and all I would do edibles though if I could. But anyways I have tried a lot of drugs and yes they feel good but there is just nothing that compares too weed not even opiates. Is there a drug that can get me as high as weed can and a similar high?
Hi people.I am not sure if its the right subreddit but couldn't find better subs so I thought I would post this here, move if needed pls.I have some modafinil in the UK and I would like to have it shipped it to me in the Netherlands and I was wondering which shipping method would be more ideal. The substance is legal here with prescription, but I don't have it. However, I was just curious about which method would be the most ideal. If you have any info regarding this or you have done before, would be great to hear your opinion.Thank you
I'd like to start off by saying this: 4/5 people I talk to consider LSD to be a "hard" drug. That's cool and all, and I respect their opinion. However, not one person can give me some sound reason as to why the drug is "hard" and not something as socially acceptable/overlooked as pot. Shit, man. The shit I've heard... Melting holes in my brain. Tripping forever. Permanent spinal cord contamination. Deliriant hallucinations... And all of those have been reasons people give to me as to why LSD Is a hard drug. Why do I not consider LSD to be a hard drug? Well, simply because you don't (generally speaking) hear of- overdoses- addiction - over-the-top behavior (guy who thinks he can fly)- Crime committed to purchase the drugNow, I consider Heroin to be a hard drug. I do not have anything against anyone who does it - nor do I believe in demonizing it regardless of its negative reputation. I'm just trying to give an example of what I view, so I can compare it to anyone else's view. I'm curious as to what everyone here believes defines a drug to be "hard" or not. This community is full of smart fuckers (including you lurking people), so I'd like to hear some opinions!
Hi!Two friends of mine dropped 1 tab of 300microgram each.They didn't feel that much(they got a bit giggly, and thought processes where altered but very weak) which in my world is very weird considering the amount they took.I am not 100% that none of them use any medication that might weaken/dull a trip, I will look into this soon. I do believe they both abuse mdma (weekly) though.If mdma "ruins" serotonin receptors because of serotonin overflow wouldn't this make lsd less potent considering the fact that LSD binds to the same receptors ( they act like serotonin if i recall).Also I am going to try a blotter from the same part of the sheet tomorrow(later today when i have slept) to determine myself if there is something wrong with the blotters. If not chemistry/medication/other substances(including alcohol) must be the cause for this.  Update: Sorry!, I now saw that I wrote it like I haven't tried them. The thing is i have tried them but this is another part of the same sheet. I mainly want a discussion on what could weaken/dull the trip if you knew for sure that the LSD is good.
Hey there, Ive been using Xanax about 5 months ago and I mostly do it like 3-4 times a week. I am prescribed because of anxiety. My usual dosage is 0.5-1 mg. I never took anything higher because I don't really want to. I am also a daily weed smoker so I often mix it together. I took 0.5mg Xanax 1 hour ago. A friend a mine just came by and gave me .3g of Coke because he own me. It's look pretty nice and has a crazy gasoline smell. I have experience with Coke.1) Is it safe to combine 0.5mg Xanax and 0.3mg Coke together ? 2) Could it make it more dangerous if I would smoke weed too ?3) And is it okay to take another 0.5mg Xan for the comedown ? Thanks and sorry for English ! 
I haven't because my parents are super conservative when it comes to drugs due to legality. But MMJ just passed in my state of Florida. She is so stressed, wound up, and anxious all the time. She said she will consider getting a prescription. It would be so nice to smoke a J with my mom.So have or would you do drugs with your parents?

So this is my first post ever so bare with me if something i do seems odd. Basically i started smoking weed about 6 months ago. First time i didn't get high, along with the second, third, and so forth. At this point i think to my self "ok maybe im doing something wrong". So i look up reasons why i wasn't getting high and one reason i saw was that i may be inhaling wrong. At first i may have been doing it wrong but i've smoked a lot of times since then(all unsuccessful) and definitely dont inhale it wrong anymore. i put the smoke in my mouth pulling with about 50-60% power and inhale with the rest. Followed up by opening my mouth to see if any smoke comes out and nothing. I exhale and smoke does come out. Im writing this now because i smoked 4 times today and didnt get high and thought there has to be something wrong with me. So i decided to go ahead and try brownies next week to get rid of the inhaling issue just in case. I cant figure this shit out so i ask of you, Reddit, if you guys can help me out.EDIT1: Just correcting grammar/spelling mistakes.EDIT2: I should mention that i have only smoked joints/blunts and 2 times out of a bong.
OK, the title probably sounds bad but let me clarify. Me {18 male} and my gf {17 female} have been dating for six months now. I am very interested in psychedelics, they have become a meaningful and important part of my life I indulge in about once every month. However my girlfriend recently made me promise to never take them again. She won't even talk to me about it, she just says she doesn't like it and stops talking to me or looking at me. Now I've seen people on similar issues say, to just be yourself and if she doesn't support you then you don't need her and stuff like that, but I love her so much. Just this really bothers me because besides her, they have had the most meaningful, positive impact on my life. I don't want to give her or them up. I even tried to explain how low the risk where and she still gets either sad or just mad at me. She's ok with alcohol and weed and she even has done both. I really just want to at least understand why she's so against it.Basically, should I tell her not to control my life? Or give up the thing I love second most(next to her)?
People always say doing psychedelics too often will fuck you up. My question is, how? Is it just a general cognitive decline like with dxm or mdma? How long does it last? I'm talking heavy abuse here, like tripping twice a week for 3 months. 

so my friend got some dmt and asked me if i wanted to smoke it with him, now the only drugs i ever tried was esctasy twice and smoked weed a couple of times. Can you guys tell me what im about to experience and anything i should be worried about, im a bit paranoid sometimes when it comes to things i never tried.
So I can't smoke marijuana, I have horrible experiences on it. Let me first say that I think it is a wonderful medicine and I am super proud that in Oregon we allow its use. As far as recreational goes I have a luke warm support, and feel people should be allowed to do with their bodies. I supported the vote to legalize it for recitational use, but I wasn't excited for it like I was the medical. Short of it; I'm not against using marijuana however you want. But the last few times I went to visit this group  of friends who I have been close with for years they all gotten so high off of edibles and smoking that what was would in the past have been a long night of intelligent debate and arguing, just devolves into mindless giggling. Like a few hours in their so high that they can't even talk out a whole sentence, they don't even know what's going on and as a sober person it gets old fast. This has happened with so many people I know, where they end up smoking so much that the friendship doesn't really work anymore and they refuse to hangout with me sober. I'm still for the widespread legalization of it recreationally, but I really dislike this aspect of it. It's butts. 
Hey, me again. I searched on the internet about the question I have with no avail. Can phenobarbital cause blood-shot or slightly blood-shot eyes? Considering I have experience said reaction when using phenobarbital.  Just curious.
I'm 14 and am gonna start selling pot at school. I live in a somewhat large city on the west coast but can't say which one. I know I shouldn't be doing this but I don't wanna hear anyone trying to reform me. My question is how to hide the weed before I sell it. I plan on buying 2 ounces at first. I think I'll hide it in a Fleshlight at my house, that way if my parents find it, it will likely throw off suspicion. I'll probably carry like ten grams on me at first, strapped to my thigh under my pants in an envelope. Can school officials search me? What do you think of my plan? Any advice is welcome and I'm gonna 100% selling it.
I recently lost my mother and her toxicology came back that her oxycodone was 5x, her anxiety meds was 7.5x and she had 50x chlorphenamine in her system. Please explain the desired outcome of combining these three substances. EDIT: Removed backstory and asked question about the combination of substances in a direct, non-emotional way. 
I know it's been said here before, but I seriously just can't believe how it's still a thing here. Like the law dictates what people can and can't do and down to the molecular level. And tab and alcohol aren't legal because they are better/healthier, they are legal to keep us a society angry and divided, to no make us see the root of the problem (correct me if I'm wrong) This is why I firmly believe politicians have a hard time legalizing weed because it opens up the door to more drugs being legalized and in turn, is being united on a certain scale. Again, correct me if you think i am wrong. Peace, stay safe and have fun

I am looking for ways to get the most out of my small amphetamine stash. Upon looking for potentiating agents I found caffeine and baking soda but both appeared to be anecdotal. What can potentiate amphetamine? Ideally, it shouldn't be something that hinders cognitive performance because I (mostly) use them to study.
I guess any personal experience or maybe a trip report on erowid would work. Im planning on taking 5mg orally this weekend, keep in mind I have no amphetamine tolerance or caffeine. I have benzos on hand just in case.
I will not think twice to drop $200+ on an ounce of weed, but when it comes to paying bills or other responsibilities it is a pain to have to pay them and I'll often put it off... I always do pay everything I need to but I was just wondering how many of you all have a similar situation...
So I've come up with this brilliant idea; to dissolve cocaine and plug it straight into the urethra. Bingo. Thats when the insane-o high hit. Higher than any insuffolation of coke. And better yet, It lasted a solid hour. I've tried other drugs in the urethra as well. DMT (didn't quite work) Marijuana (worked wonders, but painful) and Adderall (worked very well).
Hi, Im 17 years old and so is this friend. He has been using benzos every day for the past week, ever since he firat tried them (week ago). He has always been reckless with alcohol weed and mdma, and this is because he feels depressed all the time( he admitted this to me 2 days ago). The benzos really seem to have clicked for him, and I fear that he will end up getting a serious addiction.What do I do? Me and my friends are worried for him
I'm not going to post links to the recent studies and articles. You've probably seen them anyway, and others will if you ask. I do know someone who gets a ketamine infusion from a psychiatrist, about once a month, for severe, persistent depression. It helps her a lot, though she tends to relapse after about a month :(PCP is similar to ketamine, but I don't know if there have been controlled studies on PCP for depression. It's possible that some or all psychedelics help with depression or PTSD just as much as psilocybin, but as far as I know, that hasn't been studied much, either.Just wondering, and maybe a good discussion will start. For the record, I'm not advocating this kind of self-experimentation, not opposed to it, either. Obviously, it's risky, things can and will go wrong. Just for example, too much PCP too often will destroy your bladder.On the other hand it's really, really bad for your mental and physical health to have severe, treatment-resistant, persistent depression.I hope nobody minds... I cross-posted this question on /r/nootropics
Very recently I was Robbed at gun point and jumped while waiting on a friend to text me back. $100 dollars, a wax pen and .1 of wax were stolen from me. The gas station attendant called the cops and and then told me ditch anything else I had When the cops came the came over and told me to explain what had happened, I told them and they asked to walk over to my car so I could further explain. The cop told me he smelled weed and to come clean I told him I had smoked earlier in the day. At this point in time I wasn't in trouble until a dickhead robbery investigator came and tried to get me to say that it was a drug deal gone wrong(it wasn't I never met those people in my life before that night or even knew they were alive). He told me if I didn't tell the truth then to just walk over to the car. As I was doing so he grabbed my arm, at this point in time I was never told I was being arrested so I kept my arm firm(not pulling away but just holding it steady). I then attempted to put my hands up and I told them that i was trying to let them put my hands behind my back. But three officers decided to take me to the ground. So On top of possession of .01 grams I also have a non violent resisting charge. My robbers got off Scott free because In the struggle I reversed in to their truck and damaged it, The cops later found the guys. The two robbers told the cops that we had got into a fight because I had hit their truck(I hit it after trying to escape). The gas station also didn't have a camera so it's my word against theirs. And listen to this it only get worse. I'm a college student with a clean record, I'm on the track team. These two however are two low life's with long rap sheets filled with violent crimes. I however was the only one taken in that night. Just the other night another person was robbed by the same two. One of them is in jail right now for it(who knows if the charges will stick). So all because of my possession of .01 grams another person was robbed. 
Not just always on the comeup too. The only time it hasn't happened was on 200ug. I tried 150 ug, 1.75 grams of shrooms, also on weed, and I always have this depersonalization/vision fades to black for like 20 minutes. The comeup is more intense than the peak and it always ALMOST sends me in a bad trip but I know how to change my state of mind, but the comeup is always scary for me. I heard it can happen when you have low blood sugar. On the comeup of 200ug I ate a lot of grapes/berries, and some swedish fish candy, and I didnt have it happen. The "black out" feels a lot like when you stand up too fast and your vision fades to black, except it lats like 20 seconds and happens every minute for at least 20 minutes. Also sometimes I get these micro-fades where its like I blink with my eyes open (my vision fades to black for 1 second) and they happen every 2-3 seconds. I believe this stems from a bad trip on hash.Is this common and can it be stopped? Do you think its the blood sugar?*SIDE QUESTION* does taking phenibut before a trip stop comeup anxiety?
Holy fuck. This happened last week. Presentations of 5 minutes and I'm up next. I have roughly 60 Kratom capsules in two seperate pill bottles, powdered Kratom in a tiny glass vial, hash oil concentrates in another glass vial, two kinds of tincture in dropper bottles, and white CBD concentrate in a big glass vial. I am always really careful about keeping them in a zippered pocket inside a zippered pocket at the bottom of the bag. I guess today just wasn't my day. I actually didn't take anything that morning because of the presentation.      I am up next to present as my teacher introduces my topic. I swing my backpack over my shoulder to slide it under my seat, and every. single. fucking. thing. GOES FLYING ACROSS THE FUCKING ROOM. A loud glass breaking sound as my tincture and glass vials smash against the wall under the professors desk. I'm genuinely terrified at this point because I was sure I'd be fucked and expelled and probably arrested. Everyone turns their head, including the prpfessor, to see what happened, as no one could really see what went flying. My professor can see the damage under her feet, she must know. I go to stand up and grab my shit and run the fuck out of there and my professor, for reasons I still don't understand, says nonchalantly, "This is why I hate Snapple". I was frozen with confusion, as the class starts to chuckle. I grab my two pill bottles and mop up my liquid and powdered drugs with a t shirt in my bag before tossing everything in the trash, and going on with the presentation. I was astounded, I thought I was going to jail. There are two possible conclusions: the teacher totally fucking knew and was covering for me, or she genuinely didn't register what she saw as drugs. I got a 93 on the presentation, and will never ever carry drugs on my person in that quantity ever again. And I salvaged all of the Kratom capsules and one of the tincture bottles. Fuck man
The Day I First Do Shrooms12/1/167:00: Woke up to go to BLAW, was too tired so I realized I should get a good sleep to prepare myself for later tonight.10:00: Wake up to see if my speech teacher sent the speaking order for our Persuasive Speech. See that I don't go today so I sleep even more.1:30: Wake up and relax in bed because I have no work to do even though I need to start studying for finals. Browse Reddit of course.2:50: Get out of bed and take a shower. Vape it up while showers warming up.3:15: Leave to go to speech class. Listening to Johari's Pale Blue album and Silent Planets Everything was sound album. (If you like metalcore and/or prog metal check out both of these bands!!)3:25: Can't get tonight out of my head. Get to the campus union to print off stuff for peer review for speech. Still jamming out to Johari.3:37: Leave the union to go to class. The temperature is perfect outside. 42 degrees and windy.3:44: Get to class, talk with my buddies until class starts at 4:004:00: Class starts4:55: Leave class.5:15: Get to walmart to get a mini pizza to put the shrooms on and to get cash back.5:25: Friend just bought a bottle of Louisiana Hot Sauce to down when we are tripping5:30: Get back to the dorm, put my pizza in the freezer. Now to just play Skyrim until my other friend gets done with his test.5:42: Gotta borrow my friends scale so my other friend can weigh out the shrooms. I'm getting fucking excited right now. I can't wait.5:45: See the shrooms for the first time. Oh my god. I'm ready.7:32: Oh shit, Mercer Frey is a traitor.7:39: Now I gotta sneak past the guards to get some research on the Falmer tongue. I keep getting caught. Help...8:13: Went to friends room I'm tripping at to watch the cowboys game, still waiting on my other friend.8:22: COWBOYS GETS A TOUCHDOWN!!!9:13: Friend hasn't finished his test yet so I just started cooking the mini pizza to put my shrooms on.9:18: Just put the shrooms on the pizza...wish me luck!9:26: Just finished the pizza. I'm waiting!9:30: Friends about to down the hot sauce now. #madlads9:39: I already feel really fucking happy. I'm not sure if it's because of the drugs or if it's because a placebo effect since I just ate shrooms for the first time, but I'm fucking happy as hell!9:59:We just rolled a joint. I'm not tripping yet but I feel tingly all over. I like this feeling. If there was a drug that you could smoke to feel this tingly sensation I would smoke it all the time! 10/10 already. I bet tripping will blow my fucking mind.10:01: My peripheral vision is getting a little weird. I'm still so fucking happy. I've never been this happy before.Maddie is the best fucking girl evvvvveeeerrr (I said this obviously) 10:07:Oh shit my friend wrote that. We outside about to spark up. Toke up my brothers10:09:Squeek10:25:Just had a good talk with my friend. Heart to heart conversation.10:29:Grabbed my vape. Back in the dorm watch the final minutes of the cowboy game. 17-15. COWBOYS JUST WON!10:30:I feel my vision is funny, I like this,.....10:31:Ean's dead. He drank to much. Oh and my other buddy who is tripping with me too. He is eating his peanut butter &a shrooms sandwich right now. My vision is great. I'm happy.10:32:Sorry for updating so quickly but every time I take my head phone my phone and look elsewhere I get a new wave of euphoria and happiness and my vision gets better cooler. Imma leave my phone down for a bit guys, sorry.10:46:Chillen I'm my friend loft, he just finished eating his PB&S sandwich so we bout to roll up another j if I even can. He might be able to. But I feel good. If I had a million bucks I would give it away to charity right now and not keep any of it. I'm happy.10:53: he told me to roll it. Liek what the fuck I'm tripping man.😂 but imma roll it cause I'm nice and he's my bestie bro....10:54:I just realized me and my best bro are about to smoke and trip balls together. Holy shit. 10:56: I'm looking at the bud nug. It brings a tear to my eye. It's the earths perfect little thing. It brings out the good in people when you're outside smoking it up together, braving the cold, outside by that bush, it brings us back to the happier, easier, times.10:13: I Rolled the joint. And I talked to my besties drunk roomate for a while too. Oh he's here too. Anyway I rolled the joint perfectly. I have never rolled one that nice holy shit. I feel very detailed oriented. Time to smoke now. I gotta get my favorite lighter. It says "my little back lighter" so it's my little black lighter. I treat it like my lil nigga.11:53:I can't explain it. I had a life changing walk with my bro. We back in dorm bout o watch Off the Air and then some funny ass shit. Oh shit it's almost been two hours since I updated my phone. You know guys, I'm using this as like my saddle point tonight, so if I need to focus on something I got this. But sorry it's been two hours, I left my phone in my dorm.😅😊😂 My best friend is laughing his ass off. He needed this relaxing time.11:56: I'll update y'all when we take a break. In a lil while guys!12:02: Yo not that long of a break.  I gave my friend a goal to set up the laptop to the tv so we can watch YouTube shit. He's fucking losing it guys. I wish y'all could see this!😂 I feel good now but I feel like I'm still the parent. But still by far the best drugs I've ever had. Not as visual as I'd imagine. Well it is visually, just mental visual not physical visual. This is defiantly a special occasion drug, like right now, the last hoo-rah before we work our ass off for finals. Already the best night of my life. Oh and this vape taste amazing. Vaping American Dream on the humble vape shit. In an Avacado 24, oh it's so sweet and tasty. Oh and our RA walked out of his dorm as we passed. Bout shit our selves, thankfully he just looked away.😂 Brb friend can't even put an HDMI plug into a tv. Peace out✌🏻️12:16: we actually gonna watch this shit on his laptop cause that tv shit ain't working for some reason. Oh and I feel like me documenting this could be in a scientific research or some shit liek that. Time to melt down on this couch. Peace. 1:03: Friend pussed out and went to sleep and now I got no one to hang out with. And damn I'm gonna hang out with someone because I ain't go class. And I can't hang out with my roomates, even though we were all best buds in high school, because they disapprove of this. I really want one of them to just try smoking a joint and relax on a regular night. Yeah one of them will smoke on big occasions but he will never come out to smoke with me on a Friday night to just relax after a long week. He needs to unwind. Anyway this drug is not what I expected, I thought I would trip balls, and I'm still hoping I am, but I kinda feel like I'm sobering up right now. I still feel kinda euphoric. Also I'm not sure if I said this earlier or not but this is defiantly a "coming to Jesus" meeting inside your own head. This drug makes you think for sure. And I love it. It's a mind fuck instead of an eye fuck. Time to find someone to chill with.1:15: Just planned a life changing experience with my two best buds from home. Involving weed and shrooms of course!😂1:25: Bout to make me some mothafucking coffee. I love coffee. Black of course, although I do like a good pumpkin spice latte every now and then. 1:28: Nevermind, making earl grey tea. That shit is fucking the bomb dot come. Smells like fruit loops too!1:44: Well everyone's asleep so I'm just gonna chill and listen to some music. Just about to watch Silent Plants lyric video of Nervosa. Anyone like heavy shit should check it out! 2:27: My roommates bout to drive me to the gas station so I can get some candy. Fuck yeah coming in clutch. I am, for sure, coming down though. Still going strong and not wanting to go to bed.2:41: Finally going to the gas station2:44: I love the cold2:47: Keep the Wolves Away by Uncle Lucius3:02: Andy Capps cheddar fries😍 and a chocolate chip cookie from people I graduated with. Delicious! Time to play skyrim and become a nightingale! Woo!3:59: I am a nightingale now!4:37: About to chill in my bed for a bit, relax, and watch some youtube. Getting a little tired.6:00: Alright I'm about to pass out right now.8:23: Okay can't sleep so Im gonna roll a small joint that lol hopefully help me pass out. If I'm awake by 10:00, I'll post this immediately.8:38: Is it a wake and bake if you don't go to sleep?9:19: Yep imma post this shit
Hey guys,I'm thinking about purchasing some nifoxipam as an adjunct or replacement to the clonazepam I've been taking. I had a bad experience with clonazolam, I ended up taking too much and the disinhibition startled my family.Clonazepam can do the same thing in high enough doses but honestly I've never lost control on it.I'm looking for a pleasant, euphoric benzo. RCs are preferable since they are legal but I'm open to suggestions.I can't find a reliable source for US-based Nifoxipam anywhere. To be clear, I'm not asking for one, I'll reserve that for pm's should someone feel the need to enlighten me, I'm not asking for one, I'm just wondering if it's worth pursuing as a substance in the way I've described.Thanks, subtlebeast
IntroHi. Today I'm going to tell you the story of my first LSD Experience. Since it would be very hard to create one text as a story I will split this report up into a couple of sections. This is due to the immense amount of information and my inability to align the events in a chronological order. Time is different on LSD. My View on the SubstanceNo substance has ever captured my attention as much as LSD. I worked in Basel in the pharmaceutical industry, the same city LSD was discovered. I read a lot of articles and watched a lot of documentaries. I find the potency of LSD its most fascinating property. A drop so small we are hardly able to see changes everything. History is full of people using the power of LSD for better or worse. And as with a lot of the other powerful psychedelics the time when the truth the substance told the people was getting present in society trough the hippies. The powerful got rid of it and made it illegal. However there is hope that one day we will be able to use the power of the  psychedelic substances.The Story of the ExperienceI was going to visit my friend that day. I was a little nervous but mostly curious to finally perceive this substance. We were going to trip with 2 friends of him. I noticed that a lot of people told me to be careful when tripping with people I don't know. But when I met these guys I lost my doubt. They seemed nice and interesting. One of them suggested that we could go to his sisters apartment. It was kinda crazy I was going to take this substance with strangers in one of the stranger's sister's flat. But to be honest I kinda liked the idea of something completely new. So we arrived there an took one dose of LSD. The guy who got it told us it was approximately 120 μg. At about +30 minutes my friend started to witness the effects. We, the others all claimed to have slight effects. Every sentence he said was so funny all of us almost cracked up. The things he said were very disassociated and random. While I was laughing my butt of the effects started to manifest at about +50 minutes. We were lying on the couch and listening to some music. Everything I perceived seemed to blur but my view was sharp as always. Objects seemed to move an form waves when looking at them. I had the weird perception that my otherwise solid reality was being solved by an acid and I was swimming in that reality. So I decided that LSD should be called acid not because it's a derivative of the Lysergic acid, but because it solved reality like a acid. But not enough, this liquid form of reality was vibrating and pulsating at very specific frequencies that would change depending on the music. So I lied on the sofa or on the carpet and enjoyed this soup  of reality. We also smoked a little bit of weed. I knew from my past LSA experiences that cannabis pushes the effect of the LSD. But I smoke a lot of weed and so I wasn't anxious about it. It actually made the trip even more optical. Time was also a weird and also very funny thing on LSD. I said thing like: “No were going from tomorrow to yesterday not from today to yesterday.” and we'd all crack up laughing. Time seemed so stupid and irrational at this point in time. My way of thinking was normal but I was being bombarded by all of these psychedelic effects that I just chilled and enjoyed the show. Boy was it good. I am going to talk about the optical effects in the respective part. After about +70 minutes we were hitting the peak that lasted for about 4 hours. Here I write all the experiences I could remember without being able to put them in order:The Optical effectsI never had such strong and manifest optics, so I went around looking what object would be the best medium for these optics. I was particularly fascinated by the ceiling. It had a very rough texture and when I looked at it as whole it was moving. If I didn't focus my view on a specific point the ceiling would form a moving mandala formed of tiny elements, which are very hard to describe, because they don't fit into a standard model of geometry. I would say the shape that comes the closest are musical notes. After perceiving one of these mandalas they appeared on every surface. However if I would focus a specific point stalactites would start growing. The growth was very slow, but I never managed to get them bigger than 10 cm. The lamb above the dining table had metal chains holding 4 individual lamps. I stared at them for 10 minutes and they wouldn't stop turning. I remember lying on the carpet and looking at it. I saw a hexagon shaped mandala, but everything was spinning and jumping around. I was blissed as I stared into this permanently changing shape as I said: “Man, if you could paint like this, it would be a total orgasm.” We all cracked up laughing after I said this. But by far the best parts were the trees. From the balcony, on which we smoked you could see 2 trees. One with red leaves and the other one with green ones. The red was really cool. Whenever I looked at it little fibers, like a leg of a insect were ground out of the top. When focusing long enough the tree would double it's size and develop very abstract and animalic parts which were insanely cool to look at. During the peak I once went outside to smoke a cigarette when I really felt the vibration in my soup of reality. I surrendered myself to these waves and let myself fall inside of them when the green tree started vibrating in the exact same way as I did. And as I was breathing it was breathing with me. It was pulsating and breathing so filled with life like no other thing. And as it started breathing it opened, and it's branches started to spread as if they were arms. It got very big, but as soon as one of my friends opened the door to the balcony, all the branches moved back into their original position in a very rapid but smooth matter.OutroAfter about +4 hours we started returning into a normal state of mind. But the coming down was very comfortable, and I was exhausted by no means. At about + 6 hours I drove home by train in the morning on a Saturday. The train was filled and it was kinda funny looking at these weird Erdlings. I had no after effects at all. I slept 7 hours and was top fit. I still felt the LSD for at least another week when smoking weed, which was nice. I totally enjoyed it and also realized that no other psychedelic had such a wrong reputation in today’s society. But maybe one day we shall witness a psychedelic Renaissance bringing these fascinating and powerful substances to their real potential. 
I have been taking amitriptyline 50mgs a night for 16 days. I read online a out horrible withdrawal stories mostly from people who took it for 1-25 years. I want to stop immediately because i'd rather deal with some insomnia that get sucked down that rabbit hole.Would stopping after 16 days cause severe wds? (E.g anxiety, panic attacks, sweating, shaking)? I am literally so terrified that i cant sleep.
Ok so here's what my buddies did, the put a bunch of San Pedro cactus powder in a jar with vodka for a few months, probably like 6 or more, took out the mash and rung out as much liquid as they could. They put the liquid into a glass bowl and decided to boil off the water and alcohol so they placed the glass into a pan with some water and let the water in the pan simmer until the liquid in the glass bowl turned into a resin. What they want to know is is their is any mescalin in the resin and if its safe to consume, or if anyone would have any recommend extra steps.
[Day 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Drugs/comments/5fzfr6/benadryl_withdraw_day_1/?st=IW86VZMS&sh=532f100f)Day 1 is in the link above. I'm making sort of a journal for myself. To look back on. The back story is in the first day. So I was feeling a bit weird. Then my boyfriend came home. We had a lot of sex. Which wasn't normal for our relationship at all but was good because I was having anxiety and I was ovulating which meant I was super horny. So orgasm were great in that moment. I went to work on a sex high so I wasn't feeling weird. I got my "second wind". So I work at a bar. My job is a bit of a safe haven for me. A place I don't get antsy and stuff. So whatever I was feeling at home I wasn't feeling here. In fact I felt a little better than usual. I drank some caffeine. That helped a little with being alert. I got home around 1am. I was having those phantom cravings again. I was itchier than I have ever been in my entire life! It was so bad. Bad enough to make me want to take a Benadryl. I didn't go to bed until around 7am. My body just didn't let me pass out. When I finally did I woke up today around 1pm. I am so fucking exhausted but my body won't let me sleep any later. I've always had this problem i just thought without the Benadryl it might not happen. I'm a bit concerned how I will be this weekend. We shall see. Overall I'm doing alright. Tired, itchy, nauseous but I don't feel weird. Edit: I feel super weird and out of it. My vision is a bit blurred from exhaustion. I'm not able to talk too much because of the exhaustion. I have no appetite. I ate a small sandwich earlier just so I wouldn't pass out. Everything just feels other worldly. The itchy is so bad. But the comments I'm getting is encouraging! So I'm pushing on! 
Hey you guys, I'm gonna eat some pretty damn good shrooms tomorrow and I basically just wanted to ask if there's food that's especially enjoyable while being on shrooms. Or are there even things one should not eat? I heard that sweet stuff will decrease the trips intensity, but I planned on buing various fruits as I already heard that these are extremely nice to consume under the influence. However, fruits do contain a lot of sugar, so my last question is whether it is a good idea to eat fruit while on shrooms. 
A little background, my father was an alcohol, coke, and crack addict for years, and both his father and grandfather were addicts as well. I am a high school student who does not drink and smokes weed ocasionally. For my SATs (3 times) I took Adderall 15mg (I do not have ADD or ADHD) and felt like shit the day after. I never tried to get more to help with school as I knew the withdraw effects and didn't like them. However, recently I have been smoking more and feeling the effects of laziness from weed and senioritis as my grades were not great this past semester. A friend gave me some Vyvanse 60mg and I tried one. I made the mistake of taking all 60mg because I though it was a normal dose. I was wired, ultra-motivated, knocking out tons of school work among other jobs that I would previously have brushed off, and most of all it made me feel happy and more social.About two weeks after I took another, this time only 3/4 of a 60mg pill (I dissolved it in water and drank 3/4 of the cup, so I'm not sure how much I actually got). Again I felt highly motivated to do all of my school and other work and felt happy and social. However, when I am not on Vyvanse I feel way less motivated, lazy, and less social. Do I need to worry about a potential addiction to Vyvanse or other amphetamines, and is using Vyvanse going to be a gateway to other stimulants like cocaine as I build a tolerance and am not able to function without the use of Vyvanse or other stimulants?
I'm planning on doing some DMX tonight. i'm still fairly new to it, but have done it a few times. Do any of you have any tips on how to make a better trip, better form of delivery, or things to do while high?EDIT: I am not ingesting the rapper DMX i meant the common drug DXM
TL;DR at bottom-------------------------------------------------------------I'll try to be brief. I was totally psychologically addicted to weed when I was in high school. At the peak of my use I would smoke 5x a day (before school, during school, after school, evening, nightime). I had a few attempts of either cutting down or stopping but I would always go back to using. April of my Junior year my parents (who sensed something was wrong) put me into an outpatient rehab. I went there after school 4x a week, but they also had a requirement to go to AA meetings. I was actually in the rehab for almost a year (in the after care program). We focused on addiction, but really the main problem was the disrespect towards my parents. I was very entitled and treated them like I was superior. Since graduating rehab, I've been continuously attending AA. I worked their 12 step program two times, and it has changed my life tremendously. I'm a sophomore at my local community college, and I'm going away to a nice state university next year. I have a really good relationship with my parents. I have a good job and plenty of income for material things. I have a new found set of principles I live by and I adhere to them closely. Most importantly I have a sense of spirituality which guides me to be a better human being.Point is, things have been good for me in AA. However, I have been having thoughts of "what if". A good friend of mine recently decided to start drinking again and he's been doing alright. He says AA has helped him a lot for when he was at that part of his life, but he's in a different place now. I am having thoughts too of "what if things will be okay"? I have a lot of reservations to try hallucinogenics like LSD, and too see if there's something more too them. The narrative of AA is that I am just being crazy, and that I'm looking for excuses to go out. Perhaps thats true. But I want to determine for myself if I am truely powerless over drugs. I don't want to go back to smoking 5x a day, but I want to use those things for fun.I'm not looking for anyone to tell me what decision to make. Ultimately I have to decide. I rather want to hear about peoples experiences. If you were in AA, NA, or a rehab, and you decided to try drugs again, how was it? Did you go back to your old ways? Was it not as bad as before? Did your life spiral out of control? Are you sober now? I just want to hear experiences. I only hear stories from people who are currently in AA, and I am tired of the fear rhetoric. Sure that's their experiences, but who are they to say that it will be my own?----------------------------------------------------------**TL;DR** If you were sober through a 12 step program, and you decided to start using/drinking again, how was it? 
I've tried a few drugs, I think some drugs like GHB are underrated like fuck, compared to alcohol, I just think it's way better, it's not on the same level as mdma but it's a good go to alternative.Everyone thinks alcohol is sooo good but I realize how shit it is, and when you drink you realize this. That GHB is superior.Then everyone says speed is shit, but IMO it's just worked wonders for me, because it's so cheap I can just use and use, of course any drug if you abuse it will cause you problems though...Weed has been nice, but I just think like alcohol it's overrated, friends get high and I just think "Meh", this is good but not AMAZING like 200mg of mdma would give you, it's an all round good drug, but not that amazing feel.Speed, GHB, MDMA, 2CB gave me euphoria, but weed and alcohol haven't really done much, everyone likes tobacco etc. I just think everyone is attracted to the boring drugs. I am of course, not allowed to have this opinion or enjoy the drugs other people don't.Somewhat I think the reason you don't enjoy it is because you won't let yourself enjoy, I gave friend speed and 4ml GHB then he said "speed is shit" and no comment on the GHB, I just think quite sad really, he also says "shitty ecstacy".

I'm fuckin pissed. I had a whole prescription thing full of a really nice hybrid I got from this really cool hippy, and it's one of the ones you squeeze to open and it stays shut by itself, well apparently mine wasn't fuckin closed all the way and it spilled all over the fuckin ground and got ants crawling on it and shit. I had to dispose of it and I'm also out of money so now I can't buy more. I also never got the cool hippy dudes name. l'm having a bad time. In all fairness that's what I get for not paying close attention but it's all I had left. My gf said that she'd find me some tho. tl;dr my weed :(anybody else do this, i need reassurance. EDIT: i would like to thank everybody for helping me realize what I had done was wrong. I am now dedicating my life to destroying ants.
Deep breaths everybody, relax.The mass-hysteria on this sub as of late is ridiculous, some would say comical. People are spreading misinformation left, right and centre. Its apparent that a lot of people haven't actually bothered reading up on what they are changing about the rule, and instead they are believing the first thing they read. **Here is the change;**>(6) a magistrate judge with authority in any district where activities related to a crime may have occurred has authority to issue a warrant to use remote access to search electronic storage media and to seize or copy electronically stored information located within or outside that district if: (A) the district where the media or information is located has been concealed through technological means; or (B) in an investigation of a violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1030(a)(5), the media are protected computers that have been damaged without authorization and are located in five or more districts.>For a warrant to use remote access to search electronic storage media and seize or copy electronically stored information, the officer must make reasonable efforts to serve a copy of the warrant on the person whose property was searched or whose information was seized or copied. Service may be accomplished by any means, including electronic means, reasonably calculated to reach that person.**Show me where, in that change, it states that using VPN's/Tor will have you labelled as a criminal? Exactly, you can't. So why am I seeing this baseless claim everywhere?**The Government will be fucking loving this, can you blame them? Everybody is running around like headless chickens, wailing their arms about as if its the end of the world, throwing all logic out of the window. People are actually saying they are going to stop using VPN's and Tor as it might result in them being put on a 'list'!! Do you not think this is **exactly** what the government would want? Inciting fear to get as much people as possible to stop masking their identity, making people easier to track down and survey? Wait, they didn't even need to incite fear, the majority of people have done that of their **own volition.**Furthermore, have people forgot about **PRISM, ECHELON, Xkeyscore** etc? It would appear so as the majority of people are acting, somewhat, surprised that the government wants to extend/utilise its surveillance capabilities.So I'm struggling to understand *why* people are saying they will stop using the markets etc (Angel, I'm looking at you), its absurd. An important aspect of privacy tools is **strength in numbers**, therefore bailing is doing **nobody** any good.What we are seeing is a huge game of Chinese whispers, and the end result is over-exaggerated, unprecedented, bullshit. To the people who are sharing this (mis)information having done no research yourself, and instead just passing on what you've been told. **PLEASE DON'T!**. This kind of exaggeration is harming privacy itself.**Mods, can you please sticky a topic outlining the actual changes of this Rule? It'd clear up a lot of confusion. Maybe a discussion sticky on the matter, or something.** Example of an inaccurate article which many people are basing their claims on https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20161122/10381536112/bill-introduced-to-push-back-approval-dojs-proposed-rule-41-changes.shtml**TLDR; Research things for yourself before making claims and stating things as fact.**Sorry for the long post. I'm not even American so this has no effect on me (jurisdiction wise), but I had to get it off my chest.https://noglobalwarrants.org/images/proposed-amendment-rule-41.pdfhttps://consumermediallc.files.wordpress.com/2016/11/dojrule41.pdf
He was making a joke about a far fetched tale in India.Does opium thrown in a fire actually get people around it high?
So last night, for the first time I ate 3 grams of shrooms. I really liked how it made me feel and the visuals were intense. It was as if my imagination started running wild and everything started merging together and I loved it. I kinda wanna try it again but this time I want to try 6-8 grams and I want to explore the outside world. I don't know if it's safe to consume that much and I don't know if going outside is a smart idea. I feel like the worst thing that can happen is I get hit by a car. What do
Hey I recently started taking 50mg of Wellbutrin a day, and am soon bumping it up to 100mg a day. I wanted to know what substances are for sure safe to take while on Wellbutrin, and what is a definitely dangerous. Thank you!
My blue lady plug threw me one of her 100mg trazodone pills when i picked up today. Anyone have any experience. Did some research and said it is an ssri used to treat insomnia. Shall i take it and find out? thoughts?

So last Thursday my insomnia finally hit a peak to where my supervisor told me to get it fixed by this weekend and if I can't then I'm fired. He noticed I was walking funny and couldn't remember simple tasks. He also drove mee home as he didn't feel I was safe enough to do it my self.So yesterday I went to the doctor and they gave me some trazodone to help me sleep and while it did work like a charm, I was wobbling more than I was the Thursday my supervisor sent me home after I woke up. So what I'm thinking is asking for some adderal or modifinil to help counter act the groggy feeling that the trazodone is giving me. It's literally lasting me all day and I can't have this if I want to keep my job....Any other advice is welcome as well. I need anything that will help me in this time of need. Thank you all!
I am not new to Adderall. I take it about once or twice a week for college at doses of 7.5mg and rarely 15. I smoke on it usually at some point...Today, I smoked weed 13 hours after dosing 7.5 mg of Adderall IR. I got extremely high, felt a large amount of dissociation, my vision looked shiny and wet, my muscles ached immensely, I could not walk because walking made my chest feel as though it were about to die.On top of those bad symptoms, the left side of my body felt very weak and tingly with a pins and needles sensation on my foot. My heart rate was 120bpm, which is not abnormal at all for weed. I felt as though at any moment I were going to pass out, my heart felt tight and very uncomfortable. There was a pain in the back of my head and I had a gagging sensation as if I were choking.I had a pretty rough day leading up to this, with some very stressful exams. This extreme build of stress without a doubt is worth mentioning.I know this is Reddit, but what the hell does this sound like? Anyone else experienced this? I am NOT TOUCHING amphetamines again!
No addy tolerance, three XR pills at 20mg each. I can crush them to make one or more of them into IR. Should I:Take three XR all at once?Take 2 XR at first, and one XR later?Take 1 XR, crush and boost with 2 IR later?Take 2 XR, boost with 1 IR later?How should I do this to maximize euphoria and good rolly times?

I have an ounce of ayahuasca powder (*Bannisteria caapi* with *Psychotria viridis*).I have never tried this particular entheogen before. How do I prepare it for consumption? Google primarily gave me forum threads, so I figured that I would ask here as well.I found [this recipe](https://www.soul-herbs.com/ayahuasca-recipe/), but I think it's for whole plant material from *Mimosa hostilis*, not plants that have already been ground into a powder. I know this sounds like a "Google it" question, but there's not as much information out there as one might think.
I just got some DMT 60mg, it'll be my first time doing it but I don't have a regular weed pipe or the type of pipe needed to smoke DMT, I just have a one-hitter for weed. Will this work if I use the sandwich method? I have a little bit of herb. Could I make an aluminum L pipe and do the sandwich method? Lightbulb? These are my only options how can I go about doing this most effectively?
So I live in Illinois, where weed is only legal medically. I recently came across something being sold as CBD oil at my local glass shop. Does anyone know if this stuff is legit? I'm interested in trying it (I know it won't get me high but I have back pain and I have tried a CBD lotion that has worked wonders) but I don't want it to be like spice or something dangerous. I figured CBD is treated like THC and would still be illegal, which is why I am skeptical of this being real.
Ugh so fucking pissed told him every precaution, but I guess the guy grabbed the bag of weed and ran off. I almost went too I would have chased that fucker down and stabbed him. Any recommendations on how I should handle it. I know an Oz isn't a huge loss but this is 8 of them, and moneywise, this doesn't hurt us, but it's a fucking half lb. Either someone's ass is getting beaten or a house is getting destroyed. I'd like opinions!
THERE are no secrets here, This is just a Summary of my one hell of a trip. i'll try to make and post a Short readable version.for someone who is very inquisitive , trying for the first time searching for stories, this is for you guys.A. Don't tell anyone that you are on a trip or you have taken anything. 'B part' i will tell you at the end of this. ;)i just had a lot of conflicts in me and didn't find a place to solve it.inspired by steve jobs neither having atmosphere nor friends of sorts i never tried it before... until now.there is a vast barren land in my area, Kind of hilly and sandy, And on the small hill there is a temple and such area.so i thought to trip there with many of those little plants growing there.i had the best "trippin Kites" trip. and the sands feel like its holding your hands.i saw those little plants like never before , its was like you have those large wheat lands.... like those but FUCKING miniature.and then i look out towards the open land its was fucking beautiful.i lay down started seeing kites, i tried to look who was flying kites, and i found few people who weren't there before my trip.that moment i knew i was trppin ballz. and had an awesome time."laying in sand dunes, catching sand in your hand and pumping it with the music and let it fall to your elbows... best fucking feeling"but soon as i was about to go in with the sand and become one, all these things started to hit me.what if i die lying here on sand of thirst?Where will i be when my trip ends?when my trip ends, i might be near my parents and they might find out?so i started going back home, beginning of a BAD Trip. oh shit, these people know i am trippin they will try to steal from me(although i had nothing at all, just phone.)and mind you, phone was only thing keeping me in touch with 'reality'. i called my friend 1-2 just to keep in touch we reality.and as i had lost touch with reality, so i was convinced then when i am here on the street, i am actually out there on the sand, BUT I AM NOT SURE where i am.and if i am not sure where then i figured its probably not safe for me to out into open streets and get hit by a car while i am thinking i am going to get some water.so yeah, this water part, when i was in sand and thought i might die there from thirst, i started going back "NOT KNOWING" the people whom i was talking to real or hallucinations.at one point in my trip, i am around this "reserve police force area", and its allowed to cross in front of it.i stop and ask the guard for water.he nods or something.i ask again, he says "thoda andar jana padega""you have to go a little bit inside " pointing inside the gate i thought WTF man i am trippin balls, i might go inside a Fcuking reserve police force area and get shot.i didnt go in and just said thank you as if i knew what was inside.i started asking them for water, they all kept pointing me to the "mandir" for water.so i started my journey on the way to mandir, and saw a holy man, the only one in the whole trip who saw me like "i see what you are doing" i asked him naughtly i want water, even he said "thoda aage jana pedega" you will have to go bit further with those eyes.....i followed him but then idk, lost him.i thought well shit, today i am going to get the "HOLY LSD trip", ah well everything has a first time.mistake 1.i asked a keeper at mandir i wanted to rest, he said fine.when i came there some time later, and i said i wanted to rest "Because i have taken LSD", they gave me a Bad Trip saying get out of here, we don't do such things here. its makes you feeel really nervous when they say that., and then i realised, i was the trip, if i tell them i have taken something they say "he's cheating " its like if they know it all along, but if you tell them... then you have to get out, if you dont you can stay.and if you just treat it as your normal 'trip' and say you have come here to rest while you are on your trip "not you have taken something"you are just on an evening trip, and want to relax here.well that mandir is big has few parts, so i got kicked out of 1st.then i was just listenning to music and in with the sand, another caretaker comes and pushes me off.then there is another area where there is a statue of "sai baba" i just took of my shoes and sat there put on my music, facing the sunset, knowing my trip was coming to an end (it all just 3 hrs into the trip)someone else came and told to get of the area saying "you cant sleep anywhere, go home"at that moment i knew all the religions and mandirs might have help truth in the past, but now its just a fucking business, person cant even relax here on a trip "it was supposed to be the mandir"i started losing my mind again, how am i going to get home?how will i cross the streets? then i remembered i had come on a bike (cycle ride inspired by albert hoffmann)i thought if i could just use the bicycle as a guard, to cross the streets (funny thing later i will cross streets riding the bike)there were dogs outside mandir, they were really sweet, i wanted to sit with one of them but it didn't come to me.anyways i continued, and somehow got in the flow ...could make out what was real and what not.(NOTE: if you are trying to stay in touch with reality you are GOING to have a bad trip, just let go.... but you have to be with someone, somewhere safe ... which i was not)i haven't been score with my mom and dad very much past few years, (another reason i wanted to try LSD)i came home to Mum, when i was trippin balls, i though what would my mom think if she saw me like this.how could i see mom, what will happen to her face.when i wanted to go home i realised i just wanted to hug my momma, idc whatever she looks while i am trippin or not, young or old.i just wanted to reach home, and when i reached home bm bmmm. my mom was not there ... another BT waiting to begin, but by then i understood what was causing all this bad trip... so i just put on music in my room outside and mom came few minutes after and i gave her a big hug. there was a moment with my mom.i was trippin, listening to music and NO one knows i am trippin.my mom is making dinner, and she says "ye utra nahi na toh sara kharab ho jaegaa"if this doesn't get down it will be all spoilt.i was like shit scared thinking she know oh shit, went inside, Turns out she was making dosa saying "if the dosa doesn't get off the pan it will be spoilt"after reaching home i called one of "those" friend, told him everything about.it was too overwhelming for me and i am Very tired in my legs, i can't stop moving right now.... i am just trying to comprehend what happened here... i went on my roof, listening to tame Impala, Beatles. MGMT, PF. sky was  amazing, the moon , the light, just perfect. i started seeing a jet (blinking lights) i just sit calmy and enjoyed.we have a "granite" stone roof, i used "" because i am not sure whats it called, granite or marble (might be marble)and those marbles looked neon colors.and then i got locked out on the roof..., there were few moment when i thought "what if this turns into a bad trip , and i locked here on the roof forever... because i tried calling my mom and call didnt go through, then i realized... you are THE trip, relax, gate will open when its supposed it.i sat there listening to music, called my mum five minutes later, she was there.So during all this trip, ONLY thing that help me get through was the ipod Shuffle, and there was a moment when i though what if its battery might die out, i checked after playing its continuously for 3 hours battery 75%... i cant tell you what comfort was knowing the battery wont die during the trip.i am writing this at T+7 hrs. still coming down, everything is real now, very heavy head, i am going to take a bath , been playing in sand all morning.B. have someone with you.
My friend (19 y/o) completely changed his personality after having a tab with me a while ago, and it wasn't our first time either. He went from a funny, outgoing, friendly person to a heavily studious, arrogant, introverted individual who I no longer recognise. Could this be because of a bad LSD trip? Thanks in advance.
Alright so this morning i took two tabs of acid and my hands are fucked up man. Like they are cold but prickly and they are fucking bothering me. They are different colors in different places but mostly red and white what is this shit man
Just got hooked up with some nasal steroids and that good ol' sudafed, I'm gonna be so high in 25 minutes - and hopefully sniffle-free! Once the empty headspace clears I'm gonna smoke some lettuce and enjoy the quality company of my good friends Mac Dennis Frank Dee and Charlie.
I last tripped last week, 8 days ago exactly, and I have a hit of 125 ug cid. I want to plug it and I have a syringe but I have no idea how to do so. I read numerous guides but I'm still unsure what the best way to do this is. Dissolving tab  in 1-1.5ml spring water for a couple minutes and holding in for 15 mins?
Sorry for format on mobileSo a little background info. Few years ago I crushed my ankle pretty bad and broke it in a few places, you know what comes with that, tons of scripts. Weeks on percent 10s then to hydro 7.5s then Tylenol 3s...then they cut me off out of no where.By that time I was hooked, got insanely sick after not having it, which resulted in me blowing a shit ton of money buying my drugs from people with scripts. Roxy 30s, fentnayl (believe I almost died off these patches) hydro 10s. Never injected anything and promised my self I never would cause I lost my parents to that shit.Fast forward to a few weeks ago, I got ahold of a subox 8mg pill. God damn it had me high for like 3 days straight. And after I didn't feel sick from not taking any pain meds. Now it's been 2 weeks and a few days having took any opiates and I feel....fine? I'm not gonna lie I do crave them like a motherfucker but have been taking a few 2mg xanax to get passed that, and of course pot.Am I on the clear now? Just have to fight the cravings? Honestly I have been able to so far but god damn I can get a whole script of tabs right now and it's so hard to resit.After this weekend me and my group of friends are quitting smoking, for jobs, kids being born etc. but I have a feeling not being able to get high off at least bud is gonna make me go back to pills.I need help guys any advice would help, I don't want to take any more pain pills I hate how I feel the day after not having, my knees ache like fucking crazy which really results in me getting more.
Last night, I went with a friend to go smoke, and I took a couple of hits before I started losing my mind. I've smoked previously, but each time afterwards it's never been hallucinogenic and I've never been paranoid or scared afterwards.I couldn't see, my eyes were everywhere, and I was terrified that everything I was seeing wouldn't go away. I could barely stand too, and I entirely relied on my friend to get home, who had been smoking with me.I kept saying sorry to my friend and I kept asking him "if it was always like this," and he couldn't reply. I honestly believe I would have killed myself trying to get home if he hadn't helped me straighten up.It's really difficult to explain what I was seeing walking home, but it was so horrific to me. Everything I said, I heard 2 seconds later in my ears, I was hallucinating and seeing strange characters in my eyes, and I couldn't see properly as a result. Everything looked like it was drawn in blurry lines of colour. I could barely walk, and I kept asking if I could go to the hospital. Pretty hilarious, but also not, I guess.So, I'm writing all of this to ask if anyone else has ever experienced any hallucinations after smoking weed. The only reason I chose to yesterday, was because of how safe people say weed is compared to anything else. But after the shit I seen yesterday, I'm never touching it again.Anyone heard of "pot trips" before? Me neither. Ask as many questions as you want.
I've recently begun smoking this high grade cannabis, and the body high is intense. Intense as in if I smoke enough, I literally won't be able to move. When I first smoked it, I wasn't able to move my legs very much and became extremely warm. I sank into my bed, and any sensation became amplified. The amplified sensation is typical of cannabis, but the body high was quite overwhelming. I sort of nodded out, closing my eyes and seeing visuals. I do have a low tolerance, and this was medical marijuana. With this in mind, how do you all experience the body highs from weed?
So I decided to try some Lyrica again and I think I might have overdone it. I started with one 300mg capsule and in the next couple of hours I think I took about 5 capsules, yeah I get it, it was stupid.Anyways snow I'm shaking like hell and getting super weird tremors, like very strong tremors, probably strong enough knock my pc over. It's pretty scary, any tips on how to heal with it?Edit: I'm thinking of just smoking some weed to calm me but I don't now how they work together.
I think it has only happened with weed so far but I can't tell for sure. The other day while high, I noticed how 'heavy' my feet felt. I could see my veins very clearly as if there was pressure in my feet. I could also feel pressure and they looked swollen. My SO commented the same and she was sober. Standing for prolonged periods would make me see stars and lose balance. I think if I didn't sit down I'd probably pass out, it felt very close.This happened to me yesterday as well when I did LSD, but I can't remember if it happened before or after I smoked weed during the trip. Any idea what this is? It's really uncomfortable. It almost feels like my feet will explode from built up pressure. I could barely walk, it was so uncomfortable to walk on my feet.
Hello r/Drugs, I am new here, but I would like to tell you about this cool experience! I plugged about 4 g of marijuana , along with 3g of Bali Kratom! I have never been higher in my whole life! I think that the marijuana plugged was a good idea, because the THC was absorbed right into the rectal cavity all at once. So it was pretty much like hitting a dab! I think everyone should try this. You just take a mortar and pestle and crush the nugs into a fine fine powder, mix with salt water and put about 5 ml of it into the rectum. The high has lasted 5 hours already, and I still haven't came down. 
I'm pretty sure that's what the plastic part of a tampon, is called but I'm a guy so I may be wrong.  Either way an unused one is clear than a bill and doesn't come unrolled.  It is also less conspicuous than a cut up and shortened disposable drink straw.  I've been doing this for years and figured I'd share.  Anyone else have creative nose straw suggestions?
At the beginning of this semester I was prescribed evekeo by my doctor because the focalin I was prescribed didn't do anything for me. I used to take vyvanse, but for some reason it made my GERD really bad. After taking evekeo for 5 months I can definitely say it strikes the perfect balance of stimulation and focus for me. I recommend anyone who's looking for a good adhd medication to try it out. 
So I took a gene test around a month ago and it suggested that I would benefit from stimulants (this is backstory, just to show that my genes were in favor).Anyway, I have been prescribed Dexedrine ER (take generic D-amphetamine) for a few weeks now (starting at basically 10 MG and now I have either 15 MG or 20 MG a day). It's been working really well for attention and all that, blah blah blah.Anyway, for the past few days, I have been feeling nauseous around later afternoon/evening, like motion sick. Finally, tonight, I threw up everything that my poor stomach contained. I felt a lot better after that, but I'm struggling to understand what's going on.I'm eating the same stuff and amount of food that I usually eat (I know this because I use My Fitness Pal to track my food and calories). Which is another point - I don't have any appetite suppression, which I add because I know that not eating enough could be attributable to potential nausea. But I am eating!So points to consider that I wonder about:It's was around 8 hours between taking the last capsule of Dexedrine ER and the vomit.I take the Dexedrine on an empty stomach then eat right after.I am more than happy to answer any other questions. I have reached out to my psychiatrist, but he's off on the weekends.
If I were to crush up a 36 mg Methylphenidate extended release (white M36 pill) and take it orally, would it work as an instant release?So here are extra characters to satisfy the character count.Characters count stupid rule, I have also learned that according to this subreddit a space doesn't count as a character 
Hello everyone! So if you had to pick one or the other, weed or pain killers, and you would always have it for the rest of your life, and type/strain you want. And it was legal for you to have. But you could not sell it. Which would you chose?I'll start out. As much as I like weed. I think I would have to pick pain killers.
I would like to know more about any scientific studies on the drug's long term effects from daily use. Is it so relatively new that there aren't many studies on it? How can we know if ingesting it isn't seriously damaging our cognitive health in some irreversible way?
I'm not really sure how iI should make a xanax shit post but I guess I should just tyepe what comest to mind. except not muhc is really coming to mind because xanaxd is like retardation/autism in a pill tbh. so uhm yheah
Okay guys so normally i dose around 30-40mg of adderall xr and that has me feeling pretty nice, but i only have 20mg left. I shouldnt have any tolerance and want to get the most out of this 20mg xr so im thinking about snorting it. Would this be a good dose compared to the amount i take orally? Would taking baking soda before i snort it help? I also ate about 2 hours ago but would this affect the adderall potency if i snort it? I should also mention that i have never snorted anything before so any advice would be appreciated, like how far up my nose do i stick the straw? I also have a sore throat and a headache today so is snorting a bad idea? 
Hey all, I'm a very big (6'6" 300lbs) male who scored some percs. I have a good amount of drug experience, but no opiate experience. How much of it should I take? They're typical 5s from a hospital. What about for my 120 lbs girl? Obviously we would have to take different doses. We want to really experience this drug. Thanks in advance for all of your help!
Hey everyone. Just got some stuff in that's advertised as bk-MDMA (methylone) but I'm not too sure that's what it is... The results are not pointing to methylone and I think it's probably cut with other shit. Anyway I'll describe the reactions below along with the final reaction pics and I'd appreciate any input here. Thanks in advance!Marquis - Went from a dark brown to orangish, yellowish and then brown relatively quickly. After several minutes it became a bright yellow and a few more minutes later a light yellowish orange (but mainly yellow).Mecke - Immediately turned black at first with edges turning green. The center remained black and within a few minutes time an outer orange layer developed around the black center. A green outer ring developed and then eventually after more time the center became a dark red color.Madelin - light green to yellow to a dark green.Folin - No reactionWhat. The. Fuck. Seriously I don't understand how the hell these DNM vendors receive 99% positive feedback or higher. It's almost like nobody tests the shit they buy?? Is this showing up as methylone and I'm just color blind or am I seeing something different here? Thanks!-----------------------Marquis - top leftmecke - top middlemandelin - top rightfolin - bottom lefthttp://imgur.com/a/KQY7g---------------------------------------
It was a normal day, just got out of work, and trying to relax. I'm a normal guy, work at a company called WIS International, and smoke lots and lots of weed. This post isn't about the weed though, its about DXM. Don't get me wrong, I love DXM, but what happened to me last night changed my life and I will never touch this drug again. So, It was yesterday and my sister comes in with these red pills, still in the package, there was 2 packages 8 pills each, these were tripple C's (ccc). I've heard of ccc and people losing their shit off of this but i said fuck it and took some. Now I was going to take only 8 but I wanted to get really high, so I took 16 for my first time. Heres how it went out6:30- Down the 16 pills like a champ, now time to wait like a champ7:30- starting to feel it, this is about to fun "fun" i thought. Was getting euphoric and a little stumbling here and there.7:50- I started getting hungry and I ate 2 pieces of bread8:00 I throw up and this is when thing are getting bad, I throw up green shit idk how and a little pink, I lay in bed now because i'm tired as fuck (I donate my plasma, so that makes you tired as well) I lay in bed, Now the time gets fuzzy after this so I can't post the time but I'll give a estimate8:15- I'm in my mind in my bed thinking about random shit then all of a sudden, I get this warm, tingly feeling that shot through my body like electricity and shot to my heart, but the feeling stayed, I got up and turned on the light, I can feel my consciousness slipping away from life, I lay on the ground on my hands in knees and just sat there, I honestly thought I died and there was this speaker sounding voice, like on speaker phone over the phone, it was a motherly voice but it wasnt my moms, she said everything will be ok, and it was after that, I went to my car and listened to music and smoked cigarettes, thinking about what just happened, even the next day im confused and have no idea what the fuck that was, or if I was just tripping so hard I imagined it, idk, anyone else have this experience on DXM? 
So I finally visit psychiatrist and he thinks I have bipolar *something*.Anyway first he scared me that he has to take my driving license, then he said we misunderstood each other and there is no point in taking it.And then, guys, he prescribed quentiapine (seroquel) I did a quick research and didn't find anything positive.Today is kinda bad day I'm like without soul and tired as hell. I'm afraid of this shit, is there anyone with positive words about quentiapine?
