So, as many of us know, reddit is full of awful people. There are certain awful groups that get off on the stories of rape victims. Anyone who wants help away from the view of those people can pm us [here](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Frape) for access.We had to do this because the [admins refuse to do anything about the harassment.](https://i.imgur.com/GqVIsTC.jpg) If you think this is as ridiculous as we do, please contact them at contact@reddit.com and send a message to /r/reddit.com to give them a piece of your mind.Paging /u/spez, /u/kn0thing and /u/krispykrackers, this is on you.
I was going to post in /r/offmychest, but felt this subreddit was more appropriate.When I was 17 years old, my grandma, the person who raised me, that I lived with, and was like a mother to me, had a series of falls, back pain, and illnesses that landed her in the hospital several times. This chain of events led to her becoming very sick and going to hospice. During this time I had been talking online to a handsome, older guy that had gone to my high school for one semester before being expelled. Being your average teenaged girl with low self esteem, any attention from a guy, let alone a handsome one, was nice and I talked to him whenever possible. I confided in him a lot... a lot more than I should have.The day my grandma died, my aunt went home to be with her husband. My uncle went home to be with his dog. My mom left to spend time with her church friends, leaving me alone at home. The first thing I did after coming home from school was switch on my computer and spill my emotions to the guy I had been talking to the past few weeks. After telling him that I was alone, he offered to come over and comfort me. At the time I thought this was a sweet gesture.When he arrived at my house, he popped in a movie from my DVD collection. We sat on the couch and he put his arm around me. Conversations went from innocent to invasive quickly. He kept asking questions like whether I was a virgin, how far I had been with a guy, etc. I was shy, and despite my crush on him, said I didn't want to talk about it. He was pushy and kept asking the questions. He got more aggressive with the questions. He put his hands between my legs and said "You're a virgin. I can tell. Too bad. I'd love to have sex with you right now." He then grabbed my hand and put it on his pants to feel his erection. He took off his shirt and pants. I told him to put his clothes back on. I said my mom would come home soon. He continued. He told me to suck him. I didn't, and said "no". He insisted and pushed my head down. I had never given a blow job and didn't know what to do. He pushed my head up and down a few times before giving up. He put his pants on and told me "Too bad you're a virgin. Too bad you're not my type." and we finished watching the movie.It was quick, but deeply disturbing.When my mom came home, he wasn't wearing a shirt. She looked at him and said "Oooh! Look at those abs!" I have never felt more betrayal at that point, though I know it's not her fault. She didn't know.This next part of the story is the closest I've ever come to believing in an afterlife or spiritual world.As this guy and my mom were talking in the hallway about him spending the night (since the busses had stopped running at that hour and he lived on the other side of town), a very loud thudding sounds came from the attic of our house. I never heard this kind of sound come from our house in the 17 years that I had lived there. My mom hadn't either. All three of us were startled. My mom looked at me and said "Grandma is here." I remember the guy's face turning pale and leaving very quickly after that.Four years later, this guy died from cancer. While it should be gratifying for me to know this, it really isn't. This guy and I shared many mutual, close friends. I can never press charges. I can never tell these friends for fear of it getting back to his family. I have to listen to them recall his death anniversary every year and read about what a good person he was, and why he didn't deserve to die.Two other people and Reddit now know my story.
Over the summer I was raped and assaulted by a co-worker who was also an acquaintance at the time. I had a sexually abusive childhood which was an unfortunate contributor to many of my wrong moves. To be brief, I lied, thus losing my love of nearly two years, was extremely depressed and struggle still with some remaining PTSD. After everything I decided to learn some self-defense so that if I were ever to be placed back into a situation such as before I would be able to protect myself. However, here recently I went to hang out with a friend of mine yet again, one whom I'd assumed I could trust since he knew about what had happened, and furthermore that I am not looking for a relationship with him. Anyway, we were watching a movie when he decides to start pulling me close and kissing my neck. He whispers how desperately he wants me as he tries to interlock our legs. I tell him no and to stop multiple times as he proceeds to try feeling my body and get under my clothes. I keep saying things such as no and to stop, though meanwhile inside my head I'm breaking down. I'm sweating. I'm scared. And all of a sudden I'm back at that night, limp. By this time, thankfully, he has stopped because the upset is clearly visible upon my face. I knew at that moment it was certainly time to leave. I left his house while he was trying to yell at me and I haven't spoken to him since. I know I just dodged a huge bullet, and that I should be thankful. However, all I can seem to feel is guilt and disappointment. Why is it that even still I can't bring myself to fight?! Has anyone else dealt with this? If so, how would you recommend overcoming such a barrier of fear?
Basically, something happened a couple years ago that still really bothers me to this day and I havent really talked about it with anyone. I had started dating a guy I met through an app. We went on three dates and then we had consensual sex. A few dates after though, I went over to his place and didn't want to have sex (tbh, I was on my period). He said that was fine but that he was still "dying for sex" so I said I could still give him oral, which I started to do. As it went on though I wanted to stop - I didn't really like the idea that it felt like he just wanted me for sex - but didn't know how to say no, and he kept on pushing my head down toward him forcefully until he finished. So I just kept going even though I didn't want to. I just kept on feeling his hand on top my head pushing me down. I left pretty quickly after and stopped talking to him. I have bad dreams of what happened and intrusive images pop into my head. But I don't know what to call it. what is rape? can you even be raped without penetration?am I overreacting?
My boyfriend and I have been together about a year. A few months before we started talking, I was raped by a co-worker. My boyfriend works for the same company and knows the guy.This co-worker and I had worked together closely and had messed around some in the past, but I decided to cut it off because I was kind of seeing someone, he had a girlfriend, and I didn't want to be involved in any drama. A few weeks later he raped me. It's nearly impossible to explain that when this is done by someone you have a relationship with and some degree of trust, you may not "fight" them off...it's confusing, it happened fast and all I could think was "what did I do to make him believe I wanted this?", and before I could come to any kind of conclusion it was over and he was gone. So what did I do? I pulled myself together and I finished out my day at work, focused on anything else. After the rape, I tried to avoid him as much as I could, but continued to work with him. I never said anything about it to anyone. He also avoided me and we never talked about it. I questioned myself for months as to whether he could have possibly misunderstood and thought I wanted to have sex with him...and at first, I allowed myself to make that assumption. Although I was doubting that some because I also thought about the repercussions if I did say anything...he was well-liked and respected at work, and I was tolerated. I knew he probably had old texts (and a couple pictures) he would use against me and regardless even if he was found guilty in the end, those things cannot be unseen. Fast forward a few months, and the co-worker takes another job within the same company where I barely ever see him. That's probably when I allowed myself to consider the possibility that he had raped me, but it's really a tough pill to swallow...to feel like it was my fault, I should have done something more to keep it from happening (like I "let" it happen), I should have done something about it afterwards. There's an intense kind of shame that comes along with something like this, and shame is one hell of a silencer. So I said nothing. I started a new, amazing relationship and I put my energy into that. Because I didn't see myself as a victim and I sure as hell didn't want anyone else seeing me that way. In all honesty, I did a pretty good job of pretending it never happened. There were a few times his name was brought up and my boyfriend could tell i felt negatively about him and asked why. I lied and said we just butted heads a lot (also true). My boyfriend has a bad temper, and I was really concerned what he might do if he knew we were working with someone who did that to me. So I decided I would tell him about it after the co-worker (or we) left the company.My boyfriend and I have been together for about a year now. He is the most amazing thing in my life...I have never loved someone so much or in the ways that I love him. It's a completely different feeling I can't begin to explain. We are planning on getting engaged soon, and talk about the future all the time (something I've NEVER talked about with anyone). The co-worker who raped me just recently left the company, and tonight I told my boyfriend. I expected him to be very upset and angry, but I also expected to get some support and understanding from him. He was so angry that he took some of it out on me; asked me some hurtful questions (e.g. why I didn't defend myself, etc.) and then began saying I must not love him and want to marry him like I said if I could keep such an important secret from him. Talk about knife through the heart...this is the person I care about and trust more than anyone in the world...the first person I have been able to talk about this with.So, I really need help with how to help him understand why I didn't tell him before, and that me telling him should make him feel more secure about our relationship instead of less so. I also just don't know how to help him deal with it all emotionally. I feel like he sees me as weak and unable to defend myself and does not understand the complexities of the actual situation. I'm not a weak person...I'm very opposed to violence and very sensitive, but I have a different type of strength that I'm not always sure he sees or understands. Right now, I know he is blinded by his anger, and wasn't even able to keep talking to me about it...which obviously left me feeling pretty alone and really just worse than before I told him.I don't need advice or opinions on pressing charges or pursuing any kind of revenge. I've already made my decision not to, and that needs to be respected (by him and anyone else). So also, it'd be really helpful to hear how other guys have dealt with this sort of thing in ways that respected their girlfriend/wife/friend and didn't involve retaliation.I also don't need your opinions on my boyfriend or his reaction...I know he loves me very much and he just needs some help understanding, so I am hoping you all can help me with that.
I [29/f] was sexually abused by my cousin around the time I was in kindergarten (kissing, touching, and he performed oral sex on me). I have only been able to tell 3 people about it in my life: therapist, boyfriend, best friend. I kept it to myself my entire life until about 3 years ago because I was in denial and didn't want to believe it happened. I will probably see him again this year because Christmas tradition in my family involves going to my uncle's house every single Christmas Eve. My cousin is my uncle's son. No one in my family has any idea he abused me. It's possible my cousin abused my younger sister. Every time I have been home for Christmas the past few years, I get drunk to deal with the situation. I don't know how to tell my mom and sister that I don't want to go. If I do tell them I don't want to go, I give them a vague reason why and they just brush it off and we all go anyway.  Fortunately I only have to see him about once a year now for the past 3 years because I moved about 14 hours from home. How do I tell my mom and sister the real reason I do not want to go to my uncle's on Christmas Eve, or ever again for that matter? We have not been very close as a family since my dad died about 17 years ago. As a 12 year old whose dad died suddenly, I became afraid of upsetting my mom and making her sad and therefore avoid telling her things that might upset her. As a child, I do not know why I never asked for help. I was afraid.  Moving forward, how do I confront my cousin about the abuse? And my uncle (dad's brother), who hosts the family every year? Interactions between my cousin and I are extremely awkward. I'm pretty sure he knows I remember because we will barely talk or make eye contact around one another, although in years past would still greet each other with hugs. Therapy has helped tremendously, but I feel I'm in a rut at this point. How do I get this off my chest? Not sure how my sister, mom, and extended family will react with the news. 
So, hello there, Reddit. This is my first post. I've been worried about this for a long time and thought posting my story here might help me.I'm a 16 year old girl. My uncle (my mother's brother; 58 years old) has always been the uncle I'm the least close to, as he doesn't visit as often as my mother's sister or my father's brother do.I think I've always known something was off about him in comparison. He didn't seem to care much about me (I'm his only niece, and he doesn't have any children, just like the previous aunt and uncle I've already mentioned) and was always making sexist jokes (and he hasn't stopped). Since I was 13, we have always ended up arguing on New Year's Eve's dinner-it's at my grandmother's, who is 81 years old. Every year, he sits down with my father and doesn't help at all, although I ask them to, leaving the women (and specially, and most painfully to me, my cancer-stricken grandmother) in the house to do everything. My grandmother, mother and aunt-in-law brush it off as them being raised that way, but I know it's not because of that. My father's mother was widowed when my father was a little boy, and he helps her when we're at her place. But when my father is with my uncle, he seems to influence him on a bad way. My aunt and me are the only ones to call my uncle on his bullshit, and he always brushes it off and makes a sexist comment, like "it's your duty because you have boobs", or "you're a woman and you belong in the kitchen". I ask, beg my dad for help, to do this one favour and help us, me, his only daughter. He always remains silent and I end up having a screaming match with my uncle. I'm never sure, but I feel like he might be drunk by that point.Also, last year, my mother was diagnosed with a cancer, and her sister-in-law (who cares about any of us even less than my uncle does) has influenced my uncle into saying they hate her and that they never have cared for her one of the times my grandmother was in hospital, in front of my grandmother, who was crying and telling him to stop. It hurt my mother, who's always said that they were always really close before he got married. I've heard her cry for hours (although my mother doesn't know I know) and I'm never going to forgive him for that.The other day, my mother and I were at a distant relative's funeral, and they were there too. They only said hello to me, and then left without saying goodbye or even acknoledging my mother. They also haven't been calling us in any of our birthdays (except for my father's) or to ask about my mother's cancer. He hangs out with my father often, and even though I feel like I can't blame him, I think I do without meaning to, because he knows what he's done to my family. I think my uncle has a bad influence over my father.So, since I was a little girl, every time I saw my uncle he would be very... touchy. He would hug me in weird ways and slap my butt, and although he made it so it felt like it came out as a joke, I was always uncomfortable.Move forward to a few years later. I'm now a teenager, and obviously past the point when that kind of things were allowed. And he keeps on doing them. I tell myself it's his way of expressing love for his niece, as a joke, but it's very, very uncomfortable. One time I tried to be rude (not speaking much, being very serious and cold) to him for doing those kind of things, my mother told me off, and I didn't have the heart nor the courage to tell her why I was acting that way.Now I'm 16, and I feel like he's growing confident. The few times I've seen him when they happened to come and visit my grandmother at the time I had been there before they arrived, he always kisses me in a strange way in the cheeks, and I have the feeling he smells of alcohol. He tends to sit really close to me when he can, to the point when it's uncomfortable. He whispers how beautiful I am in my ear and it makes me shudder. He hold by the waist and says how sexy I am with a husky, weird voice. He hugs me so my breasts would be smashed against him, he slaps me in the ass, puts his hand on my lower back or rubs arms, legs, hips or my shoulders, sometimes rubbing circles with his thumb near my neck, and most worringly, near my bra. Whenever he does this, I don't say anything, just move so he stops. He laughs and makes a sexist comment, to which I reply, and then I try to change the conversation into some topic we both like so he stops focusing on doing those kinds of things to me (usually, it's languages, as we both speak English, our second language, and he goes on and on about the importance of being fluent on several languages). When we're at the same place I try to avoid sitting next to him or being near him on my own.I've never tried to confront him or said anything to anyone. I'm afraid he will say I am exaggerating or that he'll look all sad saying that he never meant to be that way, and will tell my family making me look bad. My mother could say that's his way of showing he loves me (I doubt she would understand just to what point he's made me feel uncomfortable; I have trouble with physical contact and it gives the vibe that I'm cold and stiff, when in fact it just makes me worried because it reminds me of him) or she could totally lose it and it would wreck my family. It would get to everyone, because my mother can't keep her mouth shut, and I don't want to make a huge scandal or feel as if I am the reason my family broke apart. I also feel as if my father would continue to see him even if it were true, which would hurt me deeply.A few moths ago, my mother said that she would like him to be my "godfather" in a sort of Catholic celebration everyone has around my age (and really, people, being Catholic doesn't mean I don't support homosexuality or transexuality, science, evolution, gay marriage and adoption, swearing, cursing, drinking, having sex before marriage or any of that. I have no problems with any other religions or Halloween. I don't believe in witchcraft nor do I think every atheist or non-Christian will go to hell. This religion is about respect for each other. We're in the 21st century. Get over it.). My real godfther is my father's brother, but in this sort of celebration you can have the same one or another one. I don't know if she still wants him to be, but I most certainly don't. I just want him out of our lives, but I don't want to hurt my mother.I just don't know what to think. I'm afraid of being left alone with him. I'm sorry for the long rant, but I just had to share this with someone. English isn't my first language, so I apologize if the words are wrongly spelt (also, my keyboard is fucked up), if they're repeated too often or if the punctuation isn't correct, because I'm writing this in a rush. I just want to know what you think.Edit: I forgot to say, he also gives me money often. I usually meet him when we are both at my grandmother's, and by the time I leave, he usually gives me around 20 euros. More if it's been a long while. He uses the pretense that I'm his only niece, and he wants to spoil me, saying "go buy something pretty"; but I can't help but feel as if I were a whore he was paying after all that touching.
I have to pick up my nephews from ha work and take them to practice and school and home every day so I'm most likely gonna come in contact with him more... I need advice on how to handle with this. He says a very creepy hello every time he sees me... I came eye to eye with him a week ago and it was traumatizing enough I can't do it again.
Have any of you used it? What were your experiences? I chatted with someone yesterday on it and while I got some okay advice, they also told me about some apps to check out. It felt like an advertisement and sure enough, the apps aren't free. I think this is completely inappropriate...please don't try to capitalize on my rape.Anyway I was curious if anyone had also had this experience. 
He was my ex three years ago and very quickly after we broke up he raped me. I reported the issue to the police, it never went any further so I've got a lot of resentment still. I did counselling as well for a while but that ended.Not long after it happened he posted on tumblr the story of our relationship,  including the incident, essentially asking for public views on whether it was rape or not. A lot of my friends saw the post as he shared it on facebook and thats how most of them found out. Ever since then I religiously check his tumblr. He's not on Facebook anymore, but I still search for him sometimes just to make sure, or check his family members pages. I do the same with other social media. For a long time checking his tumblr was a multiple time per day occurrence. It's gotten better and now it's usually once a week, but that's still not good enough. I know it's really unhealthy, and nothing positive ever comes from it. He quite often will reblog or add comments on posts advocating women's rights or anti-rape statements and it makes me so angry. I hate that he posts this still as though he's innocent, and I hate that I keep looking. I justify it by saying that he might be posting stuff about me again, but in reality he hasn't in about 2 years.I'm not sure what I'm hoping to achieve from posting this, but maybe just some guidance about whether other people have had this problem and some tips to get over it
As many of you may know, I have a tendency of 1AM rants. This shall be no exception. So let’s buckle in and go on an inner journey of my psyche. You’re going to learn things about me most don’t know. This is a self-healing exercise I suppose. So feel free to not read this, it honestly makes a no difference. My mental barrier is cracking and I feel like I need to get this out of my head in order help save myself from myself ironically.Also please note. I realize how the wording of this may indicate that I might be suicidal. That cannot be further from the truth. I am too much of a stubborn asshole for suicide. A friend told me to seek help for what I am about to describe. So this is my therapy.  Also please note, this is will feature graphic descriptions. So even though I detest the mere concept of the phrase, but here we go folks.TRIGGER WARNING.Short version: I was sexually assaulted by a close friend.Long version: I was hanging with a friend at his place. We were both drunk and I was about ready to pass out from drinking.  I let my friend I was going to pass out on his couch. A short while later, I open my eyes and see him standing over me. He jumps on me and shoves his hand down my pants.  I whole heartily and vividly say, “No” and “Get off” he still continues. I was too drunk to defend myself. Everything you see in movies and TV about the guy taking advantage with the girl. That was me. I was helpless to stop it. However, by the grace of whatever deity is out there. I managed to punch him and he stopped. The whole thing was over in a few seconds. However, to quote the show, “How I met your mother”: a single second can last a lifetime.  He went to say how he thought I was gay and sexuality is a spectrum. I say no and he had the wrong idea. He goes to pass out himself. I go lock myself in a room to do the same. I was still too wasted to leave. I wake up the next morning and I high tail it out.That’s it. I know there are far worse cases of sexual assault and rape out there. But that’s my experience as a victim of it.  The strangest thing I feel like is the fact I am an official statistic now. A single moment in my life has been boiled down to a number. It almost takes away the weight of it and makes it unreal. But that’s not my main focus of this. At least I do not think it is going to be the main focus of whatever point I am trying to make here.  I’ll do my best to have some sort of message to take away at the end of this I swear.I have told several close friends about what happened. Majority of them said a variation, “I am so sorry this happened”. I don’t know if it’s the denial stage of grieving or some sort of depersonalization condition I developed. But, I feel like people are reacting worse to this than what I did or yet to have to react. It’s like the kid who fell asleep and woke up in the middle of the lecture and now he has to fake his way through the rest of it.That’s excellent way of describing what I feel actually. I have been faking a lot for this past 8 months. Now don’t get me wrong. I can still feel and want for things. It’s just I feel nothing for no one or feel like I am a real person some days.  What is even worse? I had actually hung out with the dude several times afterwards. I had to lie to my friends and say I hadn’t spoken to him since the incident. But, I was so god awfully lonely this past summer. I decided to be around someone who hurt me was better than feeling alone anymore.  If that weakens my story or offends anyone, I completely understand and would feel the same in your shoes.Now, to finally get to the “Why” of what this prose piece is about. We have a mutual friend who wanted to hang out last week with the two of us. I decided to go for it. In a weird way, I was hoping I could have my friendship back through their friendship. If that makes any sort of sense.  One thing led to another and the wound was opened. Tonight I officially ended my friendship with him and now I am too worked up to sleep. So here we are my dear reader.I know I had said I had a message to be delivered at the end of this. I don’t. Things happen all the time with no rhyme or reason.  Spilling this out won’t fix what happen to me. And spilling this out to Facebook will probably bite me in the ass in some form.The best thing I can leave you with is that, it doesn’t get better. The pain is still there under layers of psychological scarring. So it gets livable. You go on and do your best to live a normal life, and most days you can.  Most days are okay and  you count every one of them like the one ring of power. It’s still there though. In the back of your head, and its itching to get out. However, You focus  on the good things as shine them as bright as they can go like the light of  Eärendil, and if you’re lucky it keeps away the dark. I will get professional help some day. This I think is the beginning stages of healing.
My whole high school career I always had gym last period with the one gym teacher in the school, Mr. Simonelli. He always gave me suggestive looks but I would always disregard them, not thinking it would stem into what it did.One afternoon in my sophomore year I was on my way to the bathroom, but all of the stalls were filled. I saw the staff bathroom and Mr. Simonelli not too far away. I really had to go so I asked him if I could use that bathroom just this once. He said sure and unlocked it, I started to walk in and he grabbed my butt and nudged me in the bathroom. I staggered in and saw that he came in with me and locked the door. I pushed myself off the wall in an attempt to get away, but he pushed me back and turned me around. I was horrified. I wanted to scream for help but he told me if I did he'd knock me unconscious. He did things to me that still haunt me, and this happened 6 years ago.I spent the rest of high school scared and paranoid of this man. I failed gym because after this day I avoided the class altogether. He said if I told anyone he would ruin me. In hind sight nothing could have ruined me more than staying quiet about it. If anyone out there has had a similar experience, please, tell someone. It's the best thing to do, I regret waiting so long.
I'm an 18 year old, and I have never been in a romantic or sexual relationship. I believe I may be a victim of child on child sexual assault/abuse, but I don't know for sure, since it seems a little mild.I have told only 3 people, and only to one of them was I even somewhat specific on what happened, and I only discussed one occasion. These are three friends who have opened up to me about their own sexual assault/rape experiences.When I was young (maybe between 3 and 6?), a family friend of the same age had a crush on me. He pressured me into kissing him multiple times, even though I did not want to. I remember one instance where he wouldn't let me watch TV until I kissed him, so I cried and called for my mom, who handled the situation. I haven't kissed anybody since, or even been in a relationship at all. Although it's been better, I would get repulsed at the idea of somebody liking me back.I remember an occasion where he took of his pants and convinced me to lick him. I was so afraid he would pee on me. I didn't realize it was sexual, but the first time when I really realized what happened, junior year of high school, I broke down sobbing in class. I think I remember him doing the same to me. I think I've finally forgotten the bitter taste of his skin.Another occasion: in elementary school, a friend of mine wanted to experiment with me. She would have us take off certain clothing items, leave certain ones on underneath, any combination, for a weird entity she made up. We would do other weird stuff too, like eat certain foods or do certain activities. One time, she had us put mints up in our vaginas, as well as pens, while we laid naked under the sheets. She said the next time we had a sleepover, we would look at each other naked. I never invited her over again. She also asked uncomfortable sexual questions of me.Then there's my brother. He's 5 years younger than me, but is as tall as I am and is as strong as I am, if not stronger. He's felt me up multiple times, and I would hit him in response. Never told my parents. When I was younger, he would peek under the changing room door while I changed, and he would also try to peek under the crack under the bathroom door. I still block the crack when I shower. He also would attack me repeatedly, and it got worse when I was 17 and he was 12. It was so bad, and I never attacked back but just tried to hold him down, but after weeks of begging to my parents (who had pretty much brushed it off), I think they sort of addressed it.I'm angry. I'm angry because my assault story wasn't anything "big." I'm upset because things this minor have impacted me psychologically, have impacted my relationships. Or maybe I'm just looking for something to blame my issues on. If somebody shows the faintest romantic interest in me, for the longest time I would just push them away. I had issues with hugging or cuddling with friends, although I'm better now. My parents also would emotionally abuse me, although things have gotten better since spending an extra few thousand to move into the dorms 5 minutes from their house.I don't know what I'm hoping to get out of posting this. I've never been able to admit any of this to a therapist. I'm in the laundry room, drying some clothes after a good sob while my roomie watches a movie upstairs. But I don't know what I want from posting this.It doesn't feel good to get this out and post it. I feel vulnerable and naked and gross. I feel embarrassed and disgusting, ashamed. But I know it's what I need to do.
idk how to tell my mom. i was raped two weeks ago and just tested positive for an std. i was raped before when i was 11, and when i told her she was sent into a depressive spiral. im 16 now and i have no idea what to say. thank you for any help.
I was hanging out with a guy on our third date and things were turning sexual.  I wasn’t sure I wanted to have sex that early but it was clear we would keep seeing each other and I’d had a bit of wine so I went along with it and made him use a condom.  This was all fine.  Then he was trying for round two and again I said you need a condom and handed it to him.  I can’t remember if I saw him put it on or not but I remember him fumbling around before he put it in and it crossed my mind that he was taking it off.  When he finished and pulled out there was no condom on.  He said it had fallen off but I don’t see how it could have – we didn’t change positions, I wasn’t very wet and he wasn’t going far out and in and I didn’t feel anything.  I was upset when I realised because I felt like he had deceived me.  He knew I wanted to use a condom and I really don’t believe that it fell off, I think he either pretended to put it on or put it on but took it off again before entering me.  I felt violated.  I asked him to leave and he wouldn’t, he kept trying to reason with me, tell me why it was ok, it was a mistake etc.  Trying to get me to agree to see him on Friday, saying he liked me.  I just kept asking him to leave and saying I wanted to be alone.  I then told him I’d had bad experiences before but that wasn’t anything to do with it.  That might make me more suspicious and recognise early warning signs but it was about what he’d done not what has happened to me before.  Eventually he left only after I agreed to see him again. He has called and text a few times since but I have just ignored him.  Am I over reacting? I know it’s not like rape but it’s someone doing something to me that I don’t want them to.  When he went I lay there and my housemate came to check on me, I had a flashback then just felt shaky and wanted to wash myself and change my sheets.  I then went to stay with a friend who held me so I didn’t feel shaky and scared anymore.  I don’t know if what he did is actually bad, or if I’m overreacting because of my past abusive relationship.
I met a guy in a club and ended up going back to his place, we were having sex but then he attempted to have anal sex, I didn't want to so I put my hand back and pushed him away, saying 'don't' and we went back to having regular sex. Soon after, he tried again to have anal sex and I responded the same way, again we went back to having normal sex. He tried for a third time, I don't remember if I said anything at this point but he managed to enter me and began having sex. I was surprised and tired and just wanted the whole experience to be over so I just stayed silent and let it happen. Was this rape?As a side note, I have no issue with the fact that up until he proceeded to have anal sex with me, what was going on was consensual.I may have just chalked the whole experience to bad, drunk sex however in the morning when I got up to dress and leave he kept grabbing me and pulling me back to bed and holding onto me to try and stop me getting dressed and leaving. Once I'd managed to get dressed, he had hold of both my arms while I was trying to move towards his bedroom door, I bluntly asked if he was going to let me leave, and thankfully he did but only after making sure I had his number - I chose this option over giving him mine, at this point I had not considered I might have experienced rape but I knew I didn't want him to be able contact me. It wasn't until I called a friend and explained I was shaken up because of the way he had acted in the morning that my friend tried to tell me what he had done during the night was rape. I've had strong doubts and questions ever since and can't seem to get passed it even though it was 2 years ago. If it was rape, why didn't I realise at the time? 
So, this has been happening for a while. I found out about six months ago that my brother had been drugging and raping me. He's my step brother but I've known him basically my entire life. He's heavy into the drug scene and apparently has been getting date rape drugs from his dealer as well as things like speed, pot, and cocaine. Anyway, we're both adults and up until six months ago he'd been living with me and my best friend since he was dating her at the time. For a while I was getting sick for no reason. Dizzy, fever, vomiting, couldn't keep food down, not being able to remember huge chunks of time and no one knew why.I never went to the doctor seeing as it was so intermittent but I guess now it was possibly a side effect of the drug I was unknowingly ingesting. I don't know how many times my brother did this to me and honestly, I don't want to know. Everything kind of blew up when one night my best friend came home early from work and found my brother on top of me. I don't remember this but she said I was 'spaced out' and quickly became unconscious afterward. I woke up hours later with her by my side in my bed. I wasn't taken to the hospital and I later found out it was because my brother confessed to her what he'd given me and begged her not to.She began crying and told me everything my brother had told her. I still don't know if I've completely processed everything. He's since moved out and I haven't seen or spoken to him since. He's back home living with my dad and stepmom who remain unaware. Truth is, I feel dumb and ashamed. I feel betrayed and used and I can't go to my best friend about it because, honestly, she's in worse shape than I am. She feels responsible given that she was dating him at the time and that she's my best friend and should have done something.She's been distant and depressed, spiraling into fits of binge drinking and we've been fighting a lot recently. I don't know how to help her. She won't acknowledge her issues and pretty much just feels bad or sorry for me, which I actually really hate. I am not a victim by nature so thinking of myself as one or someone that needs to be pitied really leaves a bad taste in my mouth.I just really want to help her. I want my best friend back and I want all of this shit put behind us, I just don't know where to start. If anyone has any advice it'd be much appreciated because at this point, I am feeing pretty hopeless.
This happened a few years back. Since this I've been nervous and uncomfortable with men even at work. I feel like i cant trust anyone. I was 16 he was 23 and also my best friends brother. He asked me out I was thrilled i had never been on a date. only kissed 1 person before. Things were good for a few weeks then it started with small things like grabbing me in public, then he kept trying to stick his hands in my pants.On a ride with my parents and brother he tried to stick his hand in my pants when i told him to stop he kept pushing but eventually stopped after i said i was on my period. After this i stupidly let him stay over and sleep in my bed. He shoved his hand down my pants and i just froze and let him do what he wanted, then i felt him enter me. i was a virgin and wanted to wait for sex til i found the right guy i could trust he knew this as i explained this before we even started dating. I opened my mouth to ask him to stop but he put his hand over my mouth and kept going. My mom (thank God for this) called me from the other room for something and he stopped.I left the room took care of what she needed. When i opened my door he said we'd finish this when everyone was asleep. I just rolled over and went to sleep numb. 3 am he tried to wake me,  i feigned sleep but he stick his hand in my pants again so i got up to sleep on the couch,  he didn't follow me. The next day i was very standoff ish so he left,  layer i broke it off via text,  he was unhappy with that and asked to see me i tod him i didn't want to see him face to face as i was still coming to terms with things he said ok. I thought that was it.When i got off the bus from school and got home he was waiting in my front yard, he cried to me that he really liked me and just couldn't help himself that he's sorry,  i still didn't want to be with him, he grabbed me and wouldn't let go. I freaked out and started crying when he stared kissing me, my brother came out of the house to check the mail so he stopped and i ran in the house.  Since then i haven't told anyone the truth on what happened with him or why it ended. I just need to know if this was rape or assault or if im just overreacting. 
Yadda yadda we met, she was married but always hated the marrig, was good as friends but we wanted each other. Skip to Paris, he rapes her twice and 6 months later says over Facebook, "I did it to hurt you and your relationship" should I sue for intentional infliction of emotional distress? FAQ: Why didn't she turn him in? She thought he wasn't doing it to hurt her. Who is this guy? He's a mod on Reddit, that's all I'll say. Can't you go to the police? It happened overseas so it's more complex, plus she's not really working with me on sending him to jail.Isn't it her decision? Ultimately, yes. Though I can't rest easy knowing he raped out of anger towards me and intentionally raped her twice for revenge.Did she tell him she was done?Several times. Apparently he raped her and her only way to cope is to believe it isn't rape but how things are in this relationship. It's rape. He didn't ask for consent. Do you have concrete evidence?Facebook messages, lack of communication with me and deliberately avoiding messages as well as a confession. I have all the contact information I can get and he's been blocking me on everything. Only reply I got was "this isn't the place or time" 
Back Story: A bad breakup with fiancé who I had known (and been best friends with) for many years prior to our relationship. I wasn't very faithful towards the end. It was a shitty relationship that we were grasping at straws to save. And I happened to meet someone online (non intentionally). I regret the way this situation went, and it eats at me constantly, every day. However, it could have been much worse (at the time), we agreed that we could probably handle being friends. To the point where we would try to hang out, and we could be civil when our group of friends got together for various occassions. He even said that we would do birthday and Christmas presents. This was followed through on my birthday (September). Suddenly things started taking a complete 180 turn. To my knowledge, nothing new had happened. Messages here and there turned to not at all. I decided to give him even more space by not saying a word, and just waiting. December came, and his birthday soon after. He refused my trying to talked to him. Refused the present that I put a lot of thought into. Threatened to call the police if I showed up (jokingly said I'd just show up with his present, but also wanted some of my things that were still at his house). I still don't know what happened here at all. This has torn me up every day since.I lost my closest female friends when this started happening.~-Fast forward to a couple years or so later.-I share(d) a "best friend" with this ex of mine. Let’s call him “Carl”.Apparently they are still very close. (I don't know how, considering other back stories)They are still friends with my female friends as well. This shared friend, Carl, happens to be an ex as well, from High school. (For perspective, I graduated at 17 and I am currently 24. And yes, I am fully aware that typically being friends with exes is supposed to be bad... but all was well for the longest time). Carl and I got together any time he was in town from college (a few hours away). This included the period of time that I was with the fiancé (he typically would also join, and we’d get other people together). This past summer I was asked by his mother to travel with herself and youngest daughter to go see Carl for the purpose of Senior Photos (I’m a photographer).  I of course happily agreed. Right before this happens, I had been talking with his mother regarding the class that he failed (He had recently phoned her in tears - abnormal). He was apparently completely freaking out about it, since he was set to be graduating, but would still be able to walk with everyone else if he retook the course over the summer. I was asked to not say anything because she figured he was too ashamed to tell me about it since he hadn’t. I kept my mouth shut. His family was wonderful to me, but he was very much an asshole most of the time that I was there (mostly when doing the photos), for whatever reason.Carl later asked me if I would be willing/able to come back to his university for a week, once he was ready to move out (and temporarily move back home). I agreed, of course.  ~-Fast forward a little more.-Come a bit later, July 2016. Carl is home after bringing some things, visiting family, and ready to pick me up. We head back to where he’s living for school. Everything seems to be just fine, as everything always has been. Most of everything about the trip I have seemed to blocked out in trying to block out the bad part.I remember cleaning a lot. I helped pack every last item he had floating around his apartment. One of the days I was ditched to be on my own (with no car, and in a not so awesome area) because he said he had tickets to a fancy soccer game an hour and a half (or two) away. I knew this was coming because he warned me about it…but after he was being very vague as to who he was going with, I confronted him and was met with names of people who have also hurt me (one of which is one of the female friends I lost). One of the nights, I agreed to help drink some of the alcohol he had much of still. I’ve always been very good about watching how much I drink, and although I am somewhat small in size, I can drink. Next thing I know I’m being pressured to try something pretty strong. I underestimated. I remember nothing after this. I woke up the next morning completely naked and very sore. I cried. I showered, scrubbing every inch much harder than usual. I think I was in shock. I acted like “oops, that happened” and was very stand offish the entire next couple days until I could go home. I knew him. I trusted him. We knew each other very well for roughly eleven years. I have told a total of two people. It took me a while to tell even those people. And now I’m telling you. This is not a throw away account. This is the account that I had at the beginning of this story. Which means that maybe it will be seen by at least one person who matters in this story. Because all I want to do is scream at everyone who Carl is close with, so that they know what happened. I cared for all these people so much. I lost my ability to trust. I hate myself for allowing this to even become a possibility. I know it’s not supposed to be my fault, but it sure feels like it is entirely. It’s bad karma because of what I have done/not done in my past. I should have seen it coming, but I didn’t. I’m afraid to know who else this has happened to, and who else it will happen to now because I never spoke up. But I don’t think I would have been believed in the first place because, well for starters, he was my ex.  My “best friend” did this. This has been tearing me to pieces. 
It was the classic I was drunk, I said no and when I was too drunk to say no or anything else he sneaked into my bed and raped me. Today I met him for the first time since it happened about 10 years ago and it wasn't pleasant, I froze and just said hi... he was never prosecuted, never did any time cause I was too afraid to come out with it. It scared me and made me feel worse after and just yesterday I was happy it's been 30 days since I thought about suicide and was really depressed. I hope it won't take me back to the square one.
I need help. I truly believe I was raped but I don't know anymore. Everyone is telling me it was a misunderstanding and don't take him away from his kid, it's the only parent she has. Everyone is backing away and leaving me alone with it.(everyone being the people who were at this party.) basically, I was left alone In a room with this man. I was drunk. At first I was willing, yes, but then I changed my mind and went to get up and leave. Saying no, I couldn't. He grabbed me by the throat and pushed me back down, pulling my pants off and then he stuck it inside. I freaked out and pushed him off, releasing his grip from my hand and bursting out of the room. He soon left after that, and the two people at the party I told believed me until they spoke to him. I just, they aren't letting me report it and I don't know what to do because it's been so long since I was raped. This case happened a few days ago but right now, I'm dealing with the damage of being raped at 13 and having to go to therapy for it. Now I can't even speak to my therapist. 
I feel stupid but I guess it's some weird kind of Stockholm Syndrome where I still crave his attention and god this hurts me. My therapist stopped seeing me forever ago but maybe I should get a new one.I'll offer some background, I'd recently turned 16 when I met a pretty cute guy that was in his early twenties. He was and is one of those people that you can just sense don't have your best interest in mind, but he has the most charismatic personality of anyone I've ever met. I was at the age of consent in my state, but we didn't have sex for a few months. I was easy to take advantage of. I loved him, but it was not consensual. I was in pain for two weeks after my first time and I bled so much, but I didn't tell my parents. I loved him so much and I couldn't stand the thought of something bad happening to him. So I let him continue doing terrible things to me. When he broke up with me he had raped me 70+ times. I didn't tell my parents until months later, and they were horrified. He told me he would be back for me when I turned 18.He is a man of his word. I am now 18 in an extremely loving and supportive relationship. It is the opposite of what I had with him. I began receiving messages, and I ignored them at first. I was weak and stupid. I answered. He wants me back, he wants a future, he was here to stay now that I'm an adult.I don't want this, but I guess I do because I'm talking to him and I feel this fucked up sense of loyalty to someone who destroyed me physically and emotionally. I love my boyfriend and this is wrong and I'm mortified but I can't just tell him to leave me alone. I've been over it but all of these horrible memories are returning and it hurts meTldr: ex/rapist came back and I'm messed up and can't think straight
I am a survivor of rape which occurred earlier this year and was thankfully non-violent in nature. I have decided to participate in my University's pageant this year with an intent to use the position as a platform to get some messages across that statistics cannot. Larger pageants such as this one require one has a platform they stand for. This basically means something you would like to work towards as the winner. I know I want to get a message across about this but I'm unsure what my message should be. I want it to be unique, impactful, informative, and empowering. I also need a good name ASAP. Thanks guys!
Hi. Please keep this post as private as you can. I'm in a pretty nice relationship with my girlfriend of almosts a year. I love her very much. I found out that she was raped and the perpetrators(yes perpetrators) are still free and still harassing her. When i say harass, i mean peeping tom pics and videos, assault, you name it. I want to be with her everyday to protect her but we live too far apart and I'm jobless and broke at the moment. I do odd jobs here and there but it's not enough to see her everyday while supporting myself. I don't know what to do. i can't concentrate on finding work or even doing work. I find myself wanting to just throw it all away, find the b*stards and kill them. At least I will know she is safe. But I'm not sure who some of them are just yet. I don't want to ask people i know for help because it will put them at risk. And my girlfriend is the same. She is a strong woman. One of the strongest person i know. She wont ask for help or anything. But I know we can't fight them by ourselves. My only comfort is I am there with her. And she is no longer alone.tl;dr: What do I do? How can i help her when i cant even come to her rescue when she needs me? I can't even help myself. sh*t.
When I was raped, I was very confused and told a close male friend about it. I was thinking it was nonconsensual but I was having a hard time accepting that fact. He seemed annoyed and started complaining about how people's lives get ruined by false rape accusations. I wanted to convince myself it had been consensual because I hated thinking of myself as weak or as a victim. So this pushed me more into denial. It wasn't until I talked to supportive people many months later that I was able to get out of my state of denial. That incident, and having been sexually assaulted in the past, contributed to me not wanting to sleep with men since, and I still feel this way. I didn't bring this topic up to my friend again for a long time.I was talking to my friend again recently and told him I've been traumatized from that incident and he was kind of dismissive. He said I just need to sleep with a guy I trust. That may be true but I still only feel in control by not sleeping with men. When I complained about his lack of support, my friend told me he was going through a lot at that time, and didn't apologize till I said he should. He still didn't seem very understanding or supportive, though.Should I friend-breakup with him? Or should I have a long talk with him?
Okay first of all please let me know if this shouldn't be here and I'll delete this. All of my life I have always been uncomfortable with sex and had a huge fear of being raped. I'm a 21 year old female and have only made out with a few guys, but nothing inherently sexual by any means. I shy away from it because it honestly terrifies me. I don't know why either... I constantly have nightmares about people forcing themselves on me and not being able to stop it. As far as I can remember, I have not have any sort of sexual assault happen to me, but I think something might have occurred when I was younger? I don't know if I am being ridiculous, or if this is something I should even be posting here but I didn't know where else to post it. Even if it's not that, I have that fear there and it's been there for as long as I can remember. In 5th grade when we learned about sex ed, I remember I even skipped school that day because the idea of coming into class and learning about that made me break down crying that morning and I decided to pretend I was sick. I just don't know what to do and I don't want this controlling me anymore. If this shouldn't be posted here, please direct me where I should post it. Any advice on getting to the root of this problem or what could be causing this?
I was told from a young age until 18 that my stepfather was my real father. He sexually abused me when I was 12 and I was unable to speak out against it due to internalized shame and thinking that it was my fault. When I told my mother (biological) she didn't believe me and due to a different set of circumstances CPS was called on my family I also told them about the abuse. My stepfather's family didn't believe me either and I was branded a young girl telling lies for attention and I was sent away to a series of boarding schools due to lack of evidence (it was about a year later). The reformative boarding schools were traumatic for me, I struggled a lot with image and I developed depression and suicidal tendencies as a result of them and the abuse that I was told wasn't real and was me being an awful attention seeker.When I got older I got stronger and realized what had happened was real and by the time I left boarding school at 16 I was back in the house with my abuser and while it didn't outright continue there was touching and various other things that made me uncomfortable. I left for college at 18 and since then have had minimal contact with my father.Now I'm 20 years old, married and pregnant with my first child and my bonds with my father's side have always been strained but have improved with the approach of the new baby but my dad is fighting to get back in the picture. My family forgets those past years of my life as if they never happened and since the claims of abuse were written off as me being an awful youth they are never factored in to why I might not want to see my father. The idea of him coming to my city to be there for the birth of my child scares me, I don't like seeing him, I don't like him touching me and I certainly don't want him holding my son. I cannot say no because in their minds the abuse never happened and I am too scared to bring it up again for fear of being totally forced out because they would rather call me a liar than come to terms with the fact that they have a child molester in their family. He is saying he's excited to be a grandfather and everytime he gets close to me I want to throw up but my family accosts me for being "difficult" and "obstinate" and my grandmother tells me that picking and choosing who you want to talk to in the family isn't an option. It's not the way they work and it's all or nothing. I hate my father enough that if it came down to it I would let my family completely disown me if it meant he never touched me or showed his face again but I am hoping it's not the only way. I'm naming my son after my uncle, I want them to be in his life!tl;dr: father molested me, don't want him in my life anymore, family says too bad.
Reasons why I  used to do online relationships.1) no touching2) no attachment3)I am safe offlineBeing all that said I avoid relationships both online ans irl. For a few reasons.People do not understand how scared I am. Scared of being raped or abused. Or even beaten. All of which have happened irl.  I am a anti relationship person . Anti sex and anti touch. All of which freak me out. Each time someone touches me I ask myself what are they trying to do? Does this happen to anyone else? 
I was raped from age 9 to 14 by my step father who was very literally abusive in very other way possible aside from the rape.  I never had a "dad" before him, and never called him "dad.  We'll call him "Steve" for this topic.I've noticed since being an adult I do a lot of stuff Steve does, liking certain things that Steve liked that ends up triggering some random happy memories, then of course some of the bad ones if this thing was ever randomly related to a memory. I feel like I've absorbed some of his habits and have some fucked up taste in things?For example, pie.  I don't really like pie but I LOVE key lime pie.  So did Steve, in fact it was his favorite that he would order every single time at a restaurant. I do this too, I do it because he did it, I don't even fucking like pie itself as a food. But doing this feels natural.Steve used to always whistle a certain melody, randomly while doing whatever.  It was short and very sweet.  I have no idea where it's from.  I do the same thing while just tooting around somewhere, I don't even like whistling.I feel like I think like him, have the same kind of pride and proud-ness as him in certain ways. Reasoning about things, like why we have to have steak on Friday to celebrate being American.  Like that kind of shit, things that really don't make sense, but I do regardless with zero question.Aside from that, lets not mention the rest.I like DD/lg, rough sex, bondage, rapey type shit, I like being forced, I like being treated like shit, used, etc kinky shit. I don't get it?  Why?  Why do I like these what would be triggering things to everyone else?  Esp DD/lg OF ALL THINGS as a child victim of rape, not saying DD/lg is pedo or anything because honestly it's not, just I mean you get it right? I don't like the fact I was raped, it feels like I lost my entire childhood because of it. I went from being barely even half way through my childhood and then straight into just being an adult with this adult problem of something everyone would call "rape" but had zero understanding of what exactly happened or what that was but sure it might have been happening.  For years I was confused and silent.  Not even just the rape, HIM, him and EVERYTHING he did to me has  negatively affected my whole life and who I am and why I am so lost in life.So why? Why am I like this?  Does ANYONE else have this?  Every single day I dance between the line of feeling so absolutely disgusting with myself and hating myself for liking and doing the things I do.  It's like I hate what hes done but I don't hate him because he was the only thing I ever had as a "dad" despite never looking at him like one?  He ruined me and my family, my relationship with my Mom will never be the same and we don't even have contact anymore.  Why? Knowing all that why do I do the things I do or like the things I like? Am I just fucked up or?
Okay so my boyfriend, we'll call him Sam, has often got a bit sexually handsy in bed when he's been asleep. Kissing me, touching my boobs, wanking, occasionally he'll try and penetrate me with hands or his penis but I just wake him up...or get on board with it if I'm in the mood. We’ve always kinda made a joke about it, as I say usually I can wake him up easily or get involved and it’s all fine…it’s never been a secret or an issue. He can barely ever remember it the next day, he never means to do it on purpose, we’ve googled it, about 1% of the population have it (it has an actual medical term and they have done studies on it in America) but it’s never been that big of a deal with us aside from making me super tired! Anyway.The night before last it got REALLY bad. He was absolutely fast asleep but I woke up to him pushing me on my front and having sex with me from behind, I wasn’t wet (cos I was asleep) and it was REALLY painful, I tried to push him off but I literally couldn’t, he was a dead weight, a friend of ours was staying in the next room so I couldn’t yell at him to wake him up (in hindsight I should have done and he has said since he wished I had, regardless of whether I would have woken her up and it been awkward) and eventually I was struggling so much to get him off he just used the full force of his arms to push my head face down into the pillow so I could barely breathe as well. He eventually finished and by this point I was sobbing into the pillow and when he was done he kind of came to and I forced him off and ran to the loo to clean myself etc…I would have gone to sleep next door but obv my pal was there so I had to get back in to bed with him…he was absolutely fast asleep and snoring again in the few minutes I was in the bathroom, I got into bed, made a barricade with pillows between us and eventually fell asleep.Yesterday morning I obv didn’t bring it up cos friend was still there, Sam and I barely spoke, we walked to work without holding hands (which sounds stupid but was significant because even when we have silly arguments we ALWAYS hold hands) because I just couldn’t bring myself to touch him. It sounds SO melodramatic but for all intents and purposes I felt like I’d been raped, and not just raped, but raped by the one person in my life who makes me feel safer and more loved than anyone else does, so I just felt like my whole world had collapsed. All I wanted to do was talk to Sam, but Sam was the person who had inflicted this on me.We didn’t talk all day, we went home at usual time, didn’t hold hands and barely talked all the way home. I wasn’t angry at him, I just…didn’t know what to say. Clearly he felt the same, and would only talk when I did, and didn’t try to touch me or anything. We got home and he immediately started washing up (which nearly made me cry because it’s his go to when he knows he’s pissed me off) and I sat down and started wrapping Xmas presents because I just NEEDED to do something with my hands and keep busy…he finished washing up and came and started cutting sellotape for me, without saying a word, and we just sat there in silence doing that. I went to meet two friends (including the one staying with me) as planned at 7pm and as I was walking I just text him saying ‘I don’t blame you for last night, but you really hurt me and I was really scared, and I don’t know how to deal with it’, and we got into a text convo about it (I just couldn’t bring it up face to face, you know?) and he was just so distressed and hated himself and was beside himself that he’d hurt me…my friends could obv tell something was wrong cos I was on my phone so much and virtually on the verge of tears so in the end I just asked if the friend staying with me if she would mind staying at my other friend's house that night cos I’d had a ‘fight’ with Sam and needed to go sort shit out. They were obv fine about it cos they are fab pals and just worried about me (prob more worried cos I wouldn’t actually say what had happened, and usually I tell them everything).I went home and it was so awful. Sam was absolutely beside himself with what he’d done, in a way it was almost worse that he couldn’t remember much of it because he was imagining what he could have done and was terrified he’d do it again and so on, he was talking about sleeping on the sofa until he could see a doctor and putting a lock on the bedroom door and so on so I was safe. We had a huge chat about it, got a bit drunk, googled it, looked up what could help and so on, and eventually we hugged and I don’t think he’s ever held me so strongly in his life. It was really heart-breaking. I’m not angry at him because I know it genuinely was beyond his control, I really, really do believe he has no recollection of what he did, I know him, that’s not something he would ever do in good conscience. Ever. He has barely raised his voice with me in the three years we've been together, let alone acted violently. But I don’t really know how to process what I’m feeling now because obv it was really traumatic for me, and I am angry and hurt (mentally and physically, am covered in bruises on my back and my lady parts are SO sore) but at the same time I know Sam is feeling awful anguish and guilt and self-hate too and I love him so much and want to support him through it but don’t really know how when I am also having to process and deal with what happened to me. And he feels the same I guess, he spent the whole night apologising and asking me how I was and taking care of me but I could just see in his eyes he needed help and comfort too but he hates himself so much right now that when I tried to give it he wouldn’t take it, like he doesn’t deserve it or something. I mean how do you deal with that? Knowing you’ve done something fucking terrible to someone you love but without any knowledge of the fact?We’ve both agreed he’ll go to the doctor, and I’ve said I’ll go with him, because oh my god how do you sit in front of a doctor and say ‘I am having serious trouble with my sleep to the point where I’m raping my girlfriend’ and like I say we’ve obv talked it through and we are fine now in terms of it all being out in the air and we cried and talked and so on, but fuck. I don’t really know how to finish this post. I don’t really expect advice or whatever because wtf do you say to this kinda thing…I kind of just needed to say it? I haven’t told anyone apart from one very very close friend who knows both Sam and I (and has been amazing with no judgement etc, knows Sam v well and knows how awful it must be for him as well as me), and Sam would be mortified if he knew anyone knew cos he’s so ashamed of himself, but I just feel like I needed to get it out and I know this sub is super supportive and might have some good advice. Please help me with your words of wisdom :(EDIT: I really hope this is the right place to post, I kind of feel like it's not important enough to post in a serious sub like this, but I was pointed this way from r/relationships. Thank you for reading x
https://www.reddit.com/r/rape/comments/4gf5m2/i_was_raped_a_year_ago_and_now_no_one_believes_me/Yeah, a year ago I went through a pretty traumatic situation where I had this go down. This year I moved out to an apartment and I'm in a different school in a different town and got a car and figured hey lets do uber/postmates/rideshare stuff? Okay so anyway I was delivering food. Um. I ended up at this guys house - next thing I know Im being threatened  up the stairs and demanded to dance and take my clothes off and if I didn't he'd hurt me and he did.. He hit me he hurt me and bit me and  threatened me and said he'd hurt me if I didn't enjoy it and calm down and I begged to go and go home and asked for help but he got mad um.. yeah and after he sprayed me down with boiling hot water to make sure as he put it "there's no evidence left." Just got back from the rape clinic yesterday.. got tested waiting to hear but looks ok. 3 weeks of vocal cord damage from forced harmful oral sex.. I tried to kill myself and my body is covered in scars I guess what I'm trying to say is..does it really get better? Do people just stop caring about you getting raped after a while?
First, throw away account. I will most likely go to the grave with this story, with the exception of my best friend and the guy who did it knowing that *something* happened. Apologies for any spelling or grammar mistakes, it's been two days since and I'm now shaking while typing. I've also posted this in r/askwomen but when I tried to find the post it seemed like that thread was mostly devoted to positive stuff. Sorry if this isn't the right forum for this kind of post. I also feel obligated to explain that I'm a serial cheater (desperately trying to work on it)  and when alcohol is involved I'm a sexual being without inhibitions, depending on the level of intoxication. This past incident has proven without a doubt that I can't drink again, ever. Full stop. I'm already committed to that as after a few days of reflection I've come to the conclusion that most of my drunk nights do not end well. Even when they do end well I get a crazy bad hangover for my efforts. This last incident has to be the worst thing that has happened on a drunk night. I don't want another drunk night ever again. I also have an incredible SO who has done everything he can to figure me out and help me get past relationship baggage. He wasn't there when this happened and because of the nature of it, I don't think I'll ever be able to tell him. I have no way of saying this is anything but selfish, I had no idea how he would look at this and I can't lose him. I'm committed to being a better human and that will have to suffice for right now. I'm sorry. Background: I got into contact with a older relative and stayed at their farm for a visit. During this stay I met a distant, twice removed 3rd cousin. I found out from his parents he was quite depressed and got his number so I could keep in contact. I'm usually good at being a bright light. I thought I could help. He text me the day I was hosting a party and I told him to come out and join us. I told him he could crash at my place so he wouldn't have to worry about driving. Another cousin, more closely related to me, was also there and spent most of the night trying to explain and untangle how we were all related. He kept saying over and over that he didn't understand any of it and had not been told but "figured out" we must be related. (His father had been adopted outside of our family and had only in the last few years sought out his biological family.) During the party I had a very close friend of mine tell me that 1, she'd gotten weird vibes from my distant cousin and 2, my other cousin had left abruptly, upset because she felt like the distant cousin had hit on her. I just brushed it off and said that he most likely said something that she took to mean something he didn't intend. I asked him if he had hit on her later on in the night. He became visible upset and kept repeating how he couldn't believe she had said that. I spent most of that conversation telling him that she'd most likely taken his words wrong. It took him ages to stop bringing it up and I ended up giving up on getting him to move on and went inside. I didn't interact with him much for the rest of the party. He did keep making me repeat that I wouldn't leave without him, as I was his place to stay. I had to repeat it dozens of times and he even sent me a text about it. There was a lot of booze and by the end of the night it was just me and him and one other friend. We (regrettably) went to a bar I'm close with and got more night caps than necessary. This is where I lose track of my memory. The next conscious moment  I remember is being in my closet of my apartment's living room and trying to keep the door shut. I kept repeating "I didn't want that to happen" and "just go to bed" and "leave me alone". He kept trying to get inside, but finally gave up after I told him we could talk about it in the morning. I don't remember creeping out of the closet but I must have, as I woke up hungover as death in another bed seperate from him in the living room. When I stirred he fully got up. He was not wearing pants. Neither was I. I crept into my bedroom where my friends who were visiting were sleeping (which is why I was sleeping in the living room.) I got dressed and went back to the living room where he was waiting on the couch. I couldn't believe what I was (and wasn't) remembering. He told me that I was the one who started it, that I came onto him. I told him it definitely should not have ever, ever happened. He looked upset. He told me that last night I'd told him over and over that he'd raped me. He said that it was not very nice and hurt his feelings. He pulled me into his lap and tried to get me to agree that I felt something for him, that there was a connection between us beyond a family connection. I got off his lap and told him I'd love him because he was family and that I wouldn't/couldn't see anything other than that between us. I kept repeating that as he told me that he felt something different. I told him that there couldn't be anything different between us. He kept alluding to his depression and how he needed to tell me stuff. He said that he didn't think it was the time for it. I agreed and let the conversation end. My friends came out after that conversation and I awkwardly got my distant cousin to leave. I went into full breakdown mode after he was gone and told my best friend what had happened, that my cousin and I had had sex and that I couldn't remember any of it but that it had happened. I asked her a lot of questions about whose fault it was and what I should do now. Her first advice was to stop drinking, full stop. ( As I said before, I'm on that path and convinced that drinking is the dead end road to fuck up town.) Additionally my bestie explained what she'd heard from my female cousin (who had left the party with no word to me), adding details that the distant cousin kept making comments like "I have really hot cousins" and would draw the subject back to whether I was interested in him or not. My female cousin left the party when he wouldn't stop talking about it. When I asked my bestie if she thought that this distant cousin did this to me, she said it was both our mistakes. She told me all I could do now is stop drinking, not see that distant cousin ever again, and to find/build respect for myself that I lacked so that I wouldn't get myself into situations like this again. (For the record, I've never not been able to recall making a decision about having sex with someone or how I ended up getting into bed with them. I also do not have a history of sexualizing family. Not that I said any of this to her. I was desperate for any kind of answer.) I've been able to escape from my normal digs to get fresh air and think. He has tried to contact me once and my bestie deleted the message without me reading it (at my request) and replied with a dull "cheers". I've not heard from him since. I haven't blocked his number and we aren't friends on Facebook.  Every time I've cheated, it's involved alcohol and a choice. While alcohol was involved, I have no idea if I made that or any choice. I don't know if I did come onto my cousin or asked for sex, if immediately seeking out a hiding spot and shelter afterward means anything, or *what even actually happened*. I do not remember coming on to my cousin, nor do I think I did anything during my coherent memories that may have implied that I was "into him". I do remember feeling like I had to stay in that closet and keep that door closed for my life. That I just needed to be away from him and that I wanted nothing more than to sleep. After hearing how different his version of the "not hitting on" my female cousin was from how it actually happened, I can't bring myself to trust anything of what he said. I need advice on how to move on and what I should do. I don't know if I have the right to feel violated. I don't know if he used a condom or if he came inside me. I've started my birth control again and am seeking a plan B pill once I get back to civilization, even if it's outside the window effectiveness window. There will  be no fruit from this. I've read everything the reddit search engine returns about rape, black out consent, and rescinded consent. All I  can only settle on that it took two to tango. That my friend' s assertion that it was both our faults might be right. I know I shouldn't have gotten that drunk. It was my birthday party and I thought I was safe going home and having him stay with me. I know that if I'd been ever a little more sober, I would have had the sense to either not start anything (wtf) or stop what was happening. I don't know this distant cousin well at all and he obviously didn't look at me as family. I am utterly disgusted with myself and am terrified that his version that I came onto him is true. I feel like a monster. My bestie seems to think I'm capable of it. We have known each other for years now but we're distant due to living in different countries. My distant cousin is depressed which is which I think he thought there was a connection where I only could feel disgust. I feel sick every time I think of it and I'm trying to not layer in that beyond defying all critical nature do not fuck relatives taboos, I've also managed to cheat on my SO. I don't know what to do but it feels like a good action to write it down. I have no idea if I'll have the confidence to come back to this thread but it's good to post. Thanks for reading. Sorry it was so long. Please be kind. I can barely fucking deal with the dialogue in my head, let alone anyone being mean. Believe me the things I'm saying are surely worse than what you could post. XxTL;DR I think I may have been raped by my distant cousin. 
This is my first reddit post and I just wanted someone to tell my story to and, hopefully, for them to explain if anything that happened was wrong.I was at a party when I was 17, I was drunk but still aware enough to know what I was doing. A guy who seemed nice was obviously interested in me and although I wasn't attracted to him, I reciprocated. He followed me into the cellar where we kissed and I suggested we go upstairs.We started foreplay but he was very rough and I didn't really want to have sex but I felt that I was obliged to because I'd led him on. Eventually he tried to penetrate me but it didn't work because I wasn't aroused. I said that I thought we should stop but he ignored me and carried on trying. I repeated this a few more times and I thought he'd stop because I was in pain. He had sex with me for a while and I just laid there. When he got off of me I tried to get my clothes to leave but he slapped my behind hard and pulled me back onto the bed and tried to finger me again. I said no and pushed him away but he tried two more times until I told him I had to leave to use the toilet. He acted like it was fine afterwards so I'm confused about what happened. It was over a year ago and sometimes I still think about it.
I don't go to U of M Ann Arbor, but I was wandering about the campus one day. I saw that this girl set something up for a street performance. At first I didn't quite understand because I started to watch halfway through. At the end I understood. She was conveying how she felt about the time she got raped. She said it was how it was either in late high school or early college, I forgot. But it was so beautiful.I'm only 17 but I was raped at 5. I always think that now it's been 12 years I should be fine. It was by my older brother but now he's a genuinely good hearted person, I should be fine. He was 11, and he has aspergers. I don't know. I try to forgive but I can't. I still love him but hate him. I'm stuck.But her street performance helped me convey such emotions that I've held down for so long. I watched it 4 times overall. My eyes welled with water because someone finally understood. I never talk to anyone about this, I'm afraid they won't understand, I'm afraid they'll judge me, I'm afraid they'll tell others, but I finally connected with someone about this issue. One thing that really is engraved in my mind from this: Some Buddhist schools teach that fear and hope are the same. I hope I win this game; I fear that I will lose this game.I'm afraid of the dark; I hope for the light. I'm scared you won't show up; I hope you won't disappoint me.However, the way I fear you does not transcend hope. I don't have it memorized word for word, but I hope you get the point. I thank the girl who created all of this. I feel comfort that someone understands. 
Hey all. So this weekend this guy asked to crash at my place. I live in an area where people road trip thru a lot and he was my best friends childhood neighbor. So I barely know him, but I figure things will be fine. We ended up hooking up, which was fine and consensual. However, there were quite a few instances where he didn't listen to my boundaries. He kept trying to do anal stuff, and I kept saying no. I didn't feel all that safe being too firm with him considering he was at my house and I live in a really remote area, so I'd say no and he'd stop for literally a second and try again. I felt really sore afterwards and in the morning he pulled the same shit. Kept trying to finger me and I kept moving his hands away and saying "no." "stop." "please stop." "NO!" until I just got up and walked away and he acted so hurt the rest of the day. It was infuriating. I was so frustrated. He ended up way over staying his welcome, I thought he was just staying the night and would be gone in the morning. Lol nope. He invited himself along on a hike with my friends and tried to even come to my family dinner and the crashed a second night!!! I avoided him and just left him at my place bc I had no idea what he would do if I tried to kick him out. I wasn't sure if he'd trash my place or come back later or what so I stayed out as late as I could at dinner and then headed back, took like ten sleep aids and feel asleep on my futon so he wouldn't try and initiate sex. He left this morning and I still feel so weird and so uncomfortable. I can't wash this uncomfortable feeling off of me and I feel ashamed and upset. I don't want to tell my friend who grew up w him for whatever reason. I don't want to tell my friends who went hiking w him because I feel bad bringing them into the situation and stupid for not saying anything. This has happened a few times before with hookups. One I would classify as straight up rape, the rest I'm iffy on. I don't think I would call this assault, but it was not ok. I'm still sore today and still upset. The more I think about it the more I want to throw up. My skin feels like it's crawling and I kind of want to cry without really understanding why. I don't know how to process this. I think this is the most I've ever self violated since I was in high school and I thought I was a better feminist than that. I just felt like I really didn't have a choice when a giant man is in my secluded home basically showing me he has control over my body. Fuck. 
Yesterday my boyfriend mentioned wanting to try out rape fantasy/roleplay and I'm definitely open to it. It's not actively one of my fantasies, but it sounds like it could be fun and I'd like to try it at least once. The only problem is, I was sexually assaulted a year ago (he knows this) and I also had emotionally and sometimes physically abusive parents growing up. It's usually fine, but sometimes it's hard to predict what's going to be triggering and what won't. Again, this is definitely something I want to try and he's not pressuring me into anything and we generally communicate well, but at the same time I'm kind of nervous. Best case scenario, it's a lot of fun, but worst case scenario, it ends up being really triggering. I'm especially worried because even if we have a safe word, when I'm really triggered (which is rare) it's hard for me to speak sometimes. Maybe I'm worrying over nothing because we have rough sex all the time and have never once had a problem, but I don't want to be stopped from this fantasy that I genuinely want to do by my own fears.
Throwaway account.So this happened just over a year ago but I can't stop thinking about it. Nobody around me wants to hear me talk about it, so this is my problem to deal with and mine alone. I just want to know if this was what I think it was, or if i'm overreacting.A year ago, my close friends and I went on a week long trip together. My boyfriend, Lets call him J, came along as well because he was also in our friend group. So one night on the trip, everybody was drinking, and I had my fair share of drinks and felt dizzy and tired. J had half a can of beer. Everybody decided to call it a night, and J and I were sharing a bed. Once I laid down, I felt even more dizzy and it was hard to get my bearings, but I was still mentally there, my motor skills were just off. I started to drift off to sleep, when I felt J start to kiss my neck and touch me. I told him no and tried to push him away but he was stronger than I was, and he pinned my hands to the bed as he was kissing me. He ended up forcing me to give him oral, and once that was done i turned on my side away from him and started to fall asleep again. But right before falling asleep, i felt his hands on me again, and I felt him right behind me. He ended up moving his hands lower, and he held me with one arm to keep me still as he used his fingers and entered me that way. After a couple more times of saying no and trying to move away, I just froze and got quiet. Once he had enough, he just moved away from me and fell asleep. I just wanted confirmation and reassurance as to what this was.
I don't know where to start, i'm a 22 year old woman. I was raped the during the summer when I was 19, I didn't really know how to deal with it or how to feel, I lived hours away from my family and never told anyone. I have been going on dates with a very nice guy, finally after a day of hanging out playing softball I went back to his place, I felt comfortable enough to go back with him.. we were relaxing watching a movie... We kissed Immediately felt anxiety sweep over me, I asked him to go get me a glass of water.. when he left the room. My brain began spiraling out of control. And I panicked thinking he was going to hurt me I was dizzy and confused.. I backed into the corner of his room and began screaming at him when he returned to stay away from me and not come near me.. I just kept crying and told him to stay away and let me leave.. I felt like I had no control over my body or emotions. I don't know what happened. This is the first time I was alone with another male since my rape. Is it PTSD? I feel horrible.. how do I stop this? Where did it come from? I haven't even texted him back since or answered his calls because I'm embarrassed and don't know how to explain myself. Has anyone experienced the same things? Or has any advice on how to get to the bottom of it to make sure it doesn't happen again. 
I posted this in TIFU as kind of a cautionary tail about fwb with someone you met online but... What happened destroyed my life.  Am I overreacting or did I deserve this?   So..the fuckup happened June fourth of last year. What disappoints me most about the situation itself is the fact that it was completely avoidable.My own stupidity and naiveté led me to make one of the stupidest decisions of my life and I am still paying for it.So I (27f)was twenty five at the time he “B” was 23. The event happened eleven days before my birthday actually.But anyway I had broken up with my boyfriend in late march of 2015.I started talking to a guy “B” online in late May. We had decided to hook up and be nothing more than a hookup because he wanted children and I didn’t. So no trying for a relationship or anything.Between late May and june fourth we had some online discussions and phone calls discussing things we would like to do sexually.We discovered we were both into rough sex and I felt like a kid in a candy store.I thought to myself “Finally! I have found someone who wants to and can be as rough as I want.” I had rough sex with the ex but…this would seemingly go farther than that.Oh how I wish I’d known how far my own stupidity would lead me astray a few days later.During the phone calls we had we had decided on two specific acts. Painful anal sex and fisting.I had had anal sex for the first time with the ex so I wasn’t completely jumping in blind.I thought I can handle really really rough anal sex. This was confirmed later to be a lie.As far as fisting goes I figured hey I absolutely love being stretched so fisting provides more stretching so..yay!And one more thing. I told the poor guy that he didn’t have to stop during sex no matter what.Reddit, I am skull-fuckingly stupid.Anynoodles, on the night of our last phone conversation before we were to meet up the next night he asks if I was sure about everything.I said yes. Perhaps you guys, who have things like brain cells and common sense can see the ensuing clusterfuck.I sure as hell didn’t.On the evening of when we were to meet, I showered before he drove over. I had a mini meltdown in the shower because this was going to be the first guy I had sex with since breaking up with my bf.I even cried a little. But I got over that soon enough and finished my shower.He drove to my house and we then drove to his place. In the car I went down on him and used my hands on him.He rubbed the inside of my thigh and gripped it hard which I liked.We get to his place and get out of the car. Inside, for some reason I can’t remember he didn’t turn on the lights.I had to use my cell phone light to climb the stairs but I remember some soft light on the stair case but whatever.Upstairs I stall a little and take a look around the place. After all this was a guy I had just met, didn’t want to jump right into the bedroom did I? (sarcasm).So we get into one of his spare bedrooms and he closes the door. We start semi undressing.Neither of us wanted to remove their shirts. Just how we rolled.Now, there were ropes on the bed posts for my wrists and ankles. This was ok and I was completely fine with being restrained in that fashion.So he starts to tie my wrists and ankles. Okay, cool.After that he starts stroking himself kind of in my face. I tell him to stop and he didn’t right away.I can’t remember if he came from that but I didn’t exactly appreciate it but whatever.Then the fingering starts. It was fine at first.And then it wasn’t. It really really really wasn’t.I said stop a few times then I started screaming it. He put a hand over my mouth and kept pushing harder.I was screaming stop into his hand. He finally stopped and he said “Hey remember what we discussed last night?”I shook my head yes but I was dazed.He untied my wrists and went to untie my ankles. I was a little freaked and couldn’t stop pulling on the ropes.He grabbed my ankle and held on and said something to calm me down. Can’t remember what but I let him untie my feet.I should have stopped things there but I don’t know why I didn’t. I think I was kind of..stunned or something.Anyway we positioned ourselves for anal sex. Me on my stomach and him above me. Again at first it was fine but then nope.More of me saying stop stop and then he put a hand over my mouth and kept going.I tried to push him off with my arm and he pinned it behind my back. I remember the last thrust he did really hurt.He pulled out and that was the end of the sexual activity. I sat on his bed while he put his pants back on.His cat had come into the room and I was petting it. I was keeping my head down and my hair in front of my face.He noticed I was shaking and mentioned it. He noticed I had a glazed look in my eye and mentioned that too.He said “Are you ok?” I said yeah. He said “Are you sure you were saying stop stop”. He said that in kind of a laughing way.I continued acting like I was fine. We went down to his livingroom and he played some guitar for me.His guitar was out of tune a little but I can’t remember if I helped him tune it.I do remember the song he played though. I have it on my mp3 actually.We walked to his car and we started driving back to my place. He tried touching me several times like on my leg.I tensed every time. He noticed and asked several times what was wrong.I kept saying I was just tired.He knew something was up and said “If you want something like that to happen again you have to tell me what’s wrong”.I can’t remember what I said but I somehow avoided answering. He brought up the fact that he had been a corrections officer and he said I was acting like a rape victim. Eh.So we get back to my place I get out of the car and go up to my room. He texts me and again asked if I was alright.I said yeah.The next morning I didn’t want to be around anybody. The next day (June 6th) We met up again for sex.I remember the car drive over and the walk into the house and the foreplay on the bed.But just a few moments later…I don’t remember the actual sex. No he didn’t drug me or anything like that.The drive back to my place we listened to smooth jazz and he showed me pictures of kitchens he had finished remodeling.He is a self employed carpenter. Has his own construction business I believe.Anywho, we continued the meeting up but there was no more sex. There were blowjobs though. Some roughness for me like choking.All roughness stopped though after I told him it was too rough. However, there was one time while giving him a handjob that he continuously asked for my mouth.I said no the first few times but he kept after it. He asked why not so it wasn’t like he was confused if I wanted to.So finally I just gave in and blew him.So… I’ll admit I get a little hazy on the time line. But June 10th I met another guy on the same site.“R” came to my house for the first time on the tenth and yeah he and I had sex on my couch.He was 33 and that was five days before my birthday so I was still 25. I thought he was a little rough around the edges but he had a quiet voice.He was gentle and nice to me. He turned out to be a bipolar fruit loop. Let me explain why.Shortly after him and I meeting he moved to Tennessee for work so we decided not to pursue anything. I thought we were clear on that.A few weeks later I had the fwb(“B”) over. I told the bipolar fruit loop “R” that “B” was over one day and he told me later he had been angry about that because he thought I was cheating on him.\I apologized and told him I honestly didn’t know he had considered us together.After that “R” and I lose touch for a little while because I think of his bipolar episodes and he was in physical therapy for a bad back.I think during that time “B” and I would get together in my basement for blow jobs.“B” and I considered dating at one point but decided not to because he thought we worked better as friends.At that point I contacted “R” again to genuinely apologize because when “B” and I started considering dating I kind of backpedaled on “R” and told him about this new possibility.Reddit I swear to god I am not proud of this flakiness and any verbal lashing I get because of all this I deserve.So back to me contacting “R” through that same site to apologize to him.I said I was worry for how I treated him and asked him if he would still consider trying a long distance relationship with me.He said he wasn’t single and I was honestly happy for him. I asked if we could still chat as friends and he said that was fine.However one night it went..wrong. He told me his gf wasn’t giving him any.The next day he tells me he forcibly went down on her and wouldn’t stop because “she tasted so damn good”.I was like please god tell me you did not actually do that. He eventually tells me he didn’t really do that and I was relieved.He said they just laid together and cuddled. We continued talking but one day it went wrong again.By this time it was July 6th and I had the day off of work. He and I were talking and somehow it got sexual.He was still with his girl and I told him he couldn’t say stuff like that. We somehow got onto the subject of my harming myself.I think I mentioned to him I was having a hard time with the previous month’s events and I was worried I would cut myself or something.Anyway he ends up telling me if he were here he would have ripped my pants off to check for fresh marks and then go down on me.If I tried to stop him he would turn it rougher and not stop because that’s what I liked in bed. Yes I liked rough sex but still… I was shocked he would say something like that.The next day at work I felt like I could hardly breathe at work because of stress.I confronted him in texts about him saying that and he said he didn’t remember saying it and he would never do that.Okay fast forward to September we had by then lost contact again because of whatever but guess what..he was back in town and said we should get together.Idiot me agreed and he came over. We started a relationship after that .There were times when he wouldn’t text me for a week and a half at a time and it was because of bipolar episodes.I treated him right though. Everything I did wrong with the ex that broke up with me in March I did right with this one.He knew how important he was to me and I put his mental and physical health above mine. I even paid for new phone cards for him. He made odd remarks though.If I told him I was worried I was going to hurt myself he told me he was going to “break me of that habit”.I thought this was ok because I had told him he might have to give me tough love when helping me with my self-harming, which by the way I never did the entire time he and I were together.He said he once noticed I handed over money without any questions.I asked what would happen if I tried to keep money from him he said it would end badly.I went out on a limb asked if I would end up with bruises up and down my arms. He replied with “U might”.He told me once that he had thought of forcing me to blow him. He had that thought once while we were in my basement.He told me another time that he made sure to keep himself away from me when he was “really bad”.Anyway we continued our relationship through until January third. That was the last I saw him.Without telling me he moved out of state and put up another dating profile.One of his friends texted me and said “R” had given him my number because apparently he didn’t love me so didn’t mind giving my number to his friend.The friend said “R” had been sleeping with other girls.Moving on, on February 10th I found out I was pregnant. By that point I was 8.5 months pregnant.I have hypothyroidism and I honestly thought my thyroid was severely out of whack. But no the weight gain and mood swings were because of pregnancy.Who knew.On February 24th I gave birth to a beautiful little boy and gave him up for adoption.One of the nurses who helped me deliver actually was the one to adopt him, her and her husband. They couldn’t have kids of their own because of her heart condition.The one bright beautiful spot out of all this was that little boy. He is five months old now.Adorable little guy from what I have seen of pics of the mothers facebook page.So..at work I am a fast food crew member of Mcdonalds and every day I am muttering things under my breath at customers.I am downright hostile. My personality has flipped. I was nice and calm when I started working there in July of 2014 but now..I have no doubt I am reacting to what happened.The rotten ex boyfriend and less than pleasant experience with the fwb, even though that entire thing was my fault.I am writing this to vent and hopefully serve as a warning to sexual dummies out there that want to throw caution to the wind and fuck a stranger with no boundaries.DO NOT DO THIS.I am pretty sure I ruined myself.I have flashbacks, jumpiness, anger, depression, hostility. These things are genuinely my fault and I have to live with that. I am sorry this post is so long but this is the first time I have written all of this down.If you read until the end thank you for listening.
I was raped for the first time three years ago. I dated the guy for a year before we broke up. I was raped like 30 times in that year. Since then, I moved countries to get away from him. He's manipulated me into thinking so many things, like that I actually assaulted him instead of him assaulting me.I told my closest friends, who didn't really know how to sympathize since most of them were pricks anyway. I didn't go to a therapist because they've abused me in the past and there's no way I'm doing that again. I think about it every day. The abusive relationship affects so many daily activities of mine. I just wish there was something other than therapy to help. 
I was raped when i was 17. It was a very nasty experience which I will share to those who ask but i don't want to trigger people so I'm leaving it out. Suffice to say i never reported it because i just couldn't deal with the humiliation of people, especially my family, finding it about it. Many years later i still think about it a lot. I've suffered from eating disorders, anxiety and depression, self harm and other issues over the years and I'm gradually starting to think that they might all be connected to me never having dealt with my rape properly, and my overwhelming feeling of shame when i reflect on it. So if anyone is wondering whether they should seek support for a recent rape, I'd say yes, definitely. It's probably too late for me now but it's not for you. 
**Background:** I was raped in college by someone I considered a friend. I was a virgin when it happened and afterwards, I was diagnosed with PTSD and spiraled down with deep depression. Went through an investigation and everything. I ended up graduating college early as I was being retaliated against. That was three years ago, and now I live in a city with a full time job and volunteer on the local domestic violence hotline. I definitely feel like I'm in a much better place. **Past issue with my parents:** My parents (62/m 61/f) are staunchly conversation and very religious. When my mother found out I wasn't a virgin anymore (made the determination when I stayed the night at my ex's), she screamed at me, called me a stupid whore and threatened to kic k me out of the house. I had just graduated college early and had very little money saved. I ended up telling her I was raped so I didn't have a choice in my virginity. We didn't speak for days, and then she texted me she was sorry, and we acted like nothing happened. **Issue**: I'm now moved out and only see my parents every few months. Recently, people in my family have been making jokes about sexual assault and saying it's not an issue in this country and people blow it out of proportion (my parents included). I was very hurt, and also sickened. My mother texted me and asked if I was coming home for Thanksgiving. I asked if she still stood by everything that people in my family were saying. She said yes. I told her I wouldn't be coming home as I felt that her words were so invalidating towards my own pain. I told her how hard the last three years have been for me and how I still struggle to trust people. I talked about how much people insulted me when I went forward and how awful my PTSD can be at times. I basically unveiled every fragile part of my innermost self and begged her to reconsider her current views on the topic.She never responded. Radio silence. No one else in my family is talking to me either. It's been over a week now. I've never considered my parents to be a source of support or strength for me, but this silence is starting to feel far more permanent than it is temporary. I always felt ashamed that I didn't stand up for myself when she called me a stupid whore and threatened to kick me out. To be honest, I finally feel like I defended myself and stood up for what I thought was right. But this just hurts so much. I never thought I'd be someone who would be just cut out from their entire family. I'm considering just volunteering as a sexual advocate at the ER during Thanksgiving and Christmas just so I don't feel so alone and so that I can remind myself why I said what I did. But it's hard.Should I have done something differently? Is there anything to be done now? **TL;DR**: Family had an insensitive, painful conversation about sexual assault in our country. As a rape survivor, I was sickened and hurt by this. Told her how much it hurt me and how I've been struggling for three years. She never responded. Cut off from family?
so there was a situation that i was in and i just want to hear other opinions about whether or not it was rape. i've never asked for opinions in real life about it because i'm still sort of confused about my thoughts on what happened. basically, i went out with a guy that i had been talking to for a while and then i ended up at his place afterwards. we started making out and everything and in between kissing and all that, i said things like "okay we're gonna have to stop soon", and "i can't have sex with you, it's too early, okay?" and he'd say okay and continue kissing me and all that, which i was fine with. we stopped and chilled for a second and then we went back to kissing. then he started giving me oral sex, and while i was sort of lost in the moment, he came back up and that's when he put it in. he stroked like twice and i guess i froze, and before i could process what happened, he was back to giving me oral sex. then came back up again, and stroked a couple more times, and then i snapped out of it and realized i needed to stop him, so i did, and he stopped then. personally, i don't know if it is technically rape. i don't think so, but by some definitions, it could count.disclaimer: i ended up going back and having sex with him a few more times so i'm not trying to decide if he's bad or anything, i just wanna know whether or not the description of the first time with him sounds like the grey area of rape. what do you guys think?
I have to see one of the people who molested me for the holidays it didn't bother me until he moved on to my younger sister when I was no longer there for him to abuse. I keep seeing one of my rapists at the place I work and I freeze every time and people keep asking me what's wrong but I won't say
So my long term girlfriend (14mos) broke up with my recently, near the end of the relationship we hadn't being done much sexually related so I was feeling extremely lustful. To clarify I am a cis-man, and straight.----I went on CL to look for a casual encounter, and in case you didn't know CL is mostly bots. Anyway I started having an email conversation with a man posing as a woman who had pictures of "herself" I used tineye to try to reverse image search it, but no results came up so I thought this was a woman. Furthermore he had told me he wasn’t going to talk, and no touching was allowed to keep it discreet.----I asked if I should wear a condom because I wanted to reduce the risks of stds, but felt excited and choose not to. Anyway I get to the apartment complex and decide to head for the glory hole. At first he is making an effort to make his face not be seen, and isn't letting me see him at all, to mask he is a man.----After giving me head, he starts to touch my body, I first felt his hands and realized they were coarse like most men I knew, I then looked at them and I realized they were a man's hand.----Within the next few minutes my member went extremely limp, at first I tried to have an open mind, and convince myself people are sexual creatures, and it may be possible I'm bi, but I was unable to enjoy the situation at all, and stayed soft for the rest of the time. I told him I would jerk it to finish, but was unable to do it. I then walked out.-----You might ask why I didn't leave immediately after I realized it was a man, but what I haven't told you yet is this guy was ripped as hell, when I reached over to touch him I realized he worked out a lot. I started to fear that if I tried to leave, he might get mad, and pin me down. If I had known he wouldn't try to hold me back when I left, I would have left of course, but too many thoughts were running through my mind.-----After I left I started walking back to my current home, and I called my ex girlfriend on the way back. I lived 5 miles away, and don't have a car so I eventually called an uber back. I'm not exactly rich and paying $20 to essentially feel like shit made me more feel more like shit.-----So overall my question is where do I go from here? I asked the guy if he had STDs, and he checked my dick for like a minute with a flash light so I think he was checking if I'm clean but I'm definetly getting an STD test soon. Are there any sources of support I should look for? What do I label this? It wasn't rape was it (though he didn't have my free consent near the end of the session)?Anyway thanks for any advice, and yes I realize it was stupid, but now I'm just trying to learn from this and move on.
Before I start, I apologize for the length of my explanation, I tend to do that.I'm a pretty young person, teenage years. I'm not sure if it's a good idea to share my age but he was 17, and I know that in my state it would already be considered statutory rape. He and I were in a relationship. He was very manipulative and I fell in love with him very fast. I lost my virginity to this man in quite an uncomfortable way. He first tried when I was in my kitchen with him, and my friend was in the other room. His dick was literally touching my vagina and he kept asking and begging me for it and I kept repeatedly saying no and I just was getting very uncomfortable and I had, very silly of me, so quickly fallen for this guy. He just has that effect on people. But I kind of had to urge him off me. Not only was I not ready for sex, I was in my kitchen and my best friend was literally IN THE NEXT ROOM. but she eventually left and he tried again (same dick touching vagina situation). He tried using him going on vacation the next day as a point to try and have me now and when I kept saying no he got frustrated. That's how things started. Then when he came back from vacation, he tried again. He kept trying despite my objections, especially about the lack of a condom. He kept making excuses and eventually I was like fine okay. (If I bring this up at  later time which I have, he objects and says I technically consented and that was both of our decisions. Which usually shuts me up). And so that happened. Our relationship was almost like a game of how many times we could fuck. In fact, the record was 12 in a day. It was almost every hour. And since it was this past summer, I saw him every day. It was fun in the beginning but got very very old after the first week. I began saying things like "I don't want to right now", "maybe later", "not now", "I don't want to". all in various forms of me basically saying no. But he'd keep insisting and wanting and begging and every time I'd give in and agree to do it. As you can imagine, this happened so much that I can't point out exact times a rape situation occurred. If anything, it was kind of a normal. I remember specifically one time, though, midway through a sex session that I started off not wanting but doing so anyways, I began to enjoy it and thought to myself "Even if you don't want to or feel like it, let him anyways, you'll like it once it starts". That thought is burned into my brain because I thought of it every hour of every day. That and "do it so he's happy". And I'd do anything, I'd wear more accessible clothing, I stuck with him through arguments. I even stuck with him when he said he didn't want to date me, then at 4am messaging me saying he loves me and only wants me, then not wanting to date again. It was on off and we eventually settled as "fuck buddies". I only did so because I was so fallen for this guy that I wanted him around no matter what. He made me happy until things really started to spiral downward. I'll leave out the details not regarding if it was rape or not, because I've already come to terms with how emotionally abusive he was (like when I attempted to call him out and he turned on me, used my anxiety, depression, etc against me, calling me a lying bitch and that I need help if I believe my own lies. Left in in a crying heap at the park questioning my own sanity and how he cheated on me during the whole of it, of whom that girl has the same experience as I do). He has continued to always be a trigger for panic attacks and a huge cause of a mental down spiral when he starting dating one of my other best friends who decided to neglect my warnings. It's now about 2-3 months after I officially called him out on his emotional abuse and broke it off with him. I never felt like a rape victim and never thought of it like that because I always had it in my mind that yeah I gave him consent and he has every reason to think I was consenting eventually. But I've always kinda felt like, yeah it was. And it took me awhile to try and do research. But today, my experience had come out to my sister who urged me to report him and stop him from being able to do this to other people, like my best friend (we aren't even on talking terms anymore and that situation is a completely different story). He then told some of my close friends, who also urged me to report him. I then had the courage to tell some friends and they also encouraged me. I ha one good friend who said it might be a bit late for it and to just ignore and avoid him, which hasn't really helped. I don't know how to get through to him. But I'm honestly scared to. He's had a case in the past where these girls accused him of rape and he was apparently convicted but did no time (this I come to find out is true, and true that it was falsely accused) and I know if I accuse him he could easily go to jail. I don't know if I have the heart to be the reason to consciously send a man to jail. I'm also scared of the backlash I'll get from his friends who are in many of my classes, know all my social media, know where I live, etc. I also don't quite know how to go about reporting him. I hope you guys can give me insight on what I should do here. Thank you beforehand for anyone who read all this and is willing to help.
So about a year ago on two separate occasions, I was sleeping in my ex boyfriends room (boyfriend at the time). He wanted to have sex but i declined, saying i was tired and wanted to nap. The first time while i was asleep he just humped my body, groped things, came, and then carefully put all of my clothes back. When I asked why the bed was wet (from his cum) he said it was just pre cum the eventually admitted it. The second time, I was asleep next to him after a night out drinking. I turned to cuddle him and he just shoved his hands down my pants and started to finger me. I tried to turn away and push him off but he wouldn't stop until I started screaming. The reason I ask is because I feel like this is all my fault because after we broke up he is dating the girl he was cheating on me with. They're still together and it seems like he is so nice to her, but he was never nice to me. Tl;dr My boyfriend used to touch me while I was sleeping. Is this ok?
So I am a male victim of CSA.  I'm 23 now, and it happened when I was 8 (didn't realize it was wrong until later).  For most of high school I completely repressed it, and I opened up about it to a few friends in college, but I'm generally pretty secretive about it. Fast forward: the Trump tapes come out.  "grab them by the pussy" "I don't even ask".   This stuff utterly disgusts me and it brings up some pretty bad memories.  After this came out, I confronted my dad.  I asked him how he could possibly tolerate this with two daughters of his own, and he made excuses.  I told him that this is going to seriously harm our relationship, and he was surprised and confused. Eventually I came out and told him about my experiences.  He was absolutely horrified, but it didn't change his mind.  He said what Trump does is "different" because I was a child (and probably because I am a male), and he called Trump's actions "flirting". Now Trump has won the election, and I get to see a sexual predator on TV everyday for the next four years.  I'm infuriated with my father.  He tried to make nice, told me he loved me and wants to talk, etc; I just shot back that actions speak louder than words.  I don't know how to deal with him and other family members.  My dad has always been there for me, he worked his ass off when I was growing up to provide a decent life (lower class background), and he has always supported my endeavors.  He asked me to judge him over the course of my life instead of the past two weeks.  But I can't let this fly.  I opened up about something extremely personal and he essentially ignored it. I want to love him but it's very difficult now; for now I've cut off contact.  How have the rest of you dealt with situations like this?
I’m really not sure if I should even be writing this, hence the throw away. But I can’t keep this inside anymore and my current loving boyfriend thought maybe it would benefit me to get it out there and maybe talk to someone about it even if it wasn’t him.My father and mother got divorced when I was around 9 years old. My dad moved in with a few of his friends, mostly friends who drank and partied in the house all the time. I was okay with that right up until another one of his friends [30sM] had to come live with us for a few months. Since there wasn’t enough room in the house, he had to share my bedroom with me. I was around 11 years old at this time and was only allowed over to see my dad every Friday. So every Friday this man came into my bed with me and would touch me and make me touch him. Over time he became rougher with me. This went on for about 6 months, but over the period of time, somewhere along the lines, it didn’t feel like it was against my will anymore. He’d tell me he never wanted to hurt me and I made him so happy, and I was groomed in such a way to where I felt like I wanted it or even enjoyed it. It still leaves me feeling completely disgusted. He moved away shortly after so I thought I’d never have to see him again. But the nightmares and flashbacks didn’t stop. I’m not over it and I don’t think I ever will be, but I don’t want it to affect my life so much anymore.Now, Onto the second part.About 2 years ago, when I was around 15-16 my boyfriend[17M] of the time took me to a party at his friend's house. We hadn’t been together long, but I felt like I could trust him. The only sexual contact we’d had before this party was me blowing him once. But we went to this party and I was drinking in excess which led to me blacking out. I remember him straddling me and trying to force me to do stuff but besides that I don’t remember anything. I woke up the next morning in so much pain, I was barely even able to sit properly for days. The worst thing was that he told all his friends that I was begging for it.I know no matter what I do these experiences will always be with me and haunt me to some extent. They don’t have as much power over me as they used to, but they still affect me greatly. I can’t have any type of vaginal penetration without it sometimes REALLY hurting at first and after, and even though there’s probably some other contributing medical causes, I feel that this trauma also plays a big part. Luckily my boyfriend is so understanding and will never force me to do anything and always make sure I'm okay with everything we’re doing. He says sex isn’t the most important thing for our relationship, and I agree, But I just feel like it’s something that’s been taken away from me because it is something I want to enjoy with him. I want to go to the doctor about it but that terrifies me because I’ve never told anyone about it and I’m just really not comfortable with it. 
I [21F] was molested as a child and raped by multiple men as an adult. I have a female OBGYN who is who does my PaP smears. My most recent PaP smear came back abnormal. I need to go in for a colposcopy, but the only doctor in the office that takes my insurance is a male. I have severe PTSD and I am panicky just thinking about it, even though it's a few weeks away. I feel silly, any advice on overcoming this anxiety?
My boyfriend [38M] and I were out drinking with coworkers. As the night went on we found ourselves alone with another coworker [28M], who was also my close friend. He was completely wasted at this point so my boyfriend offered to drive him home as I followed behind driving his car.As soon as we got to the cars he immediately jumped into the passenger seat of his car which meant the plan shifted to me driving him home while my boyfriend followed behind. This was a little odd, but we thought nothing of it. Almost immediately after pulling out of the parking lot he started touching my leg and telling me how he constantly thinks about me during work hours. I wrote it off as a drunk ramble, but his touch got more aggressive. Soon he was trying to put his hand down my shirt to grab my breasts. I told him to stop it, to respect our friendship and to knock it off because my boyfriend was in the car behind us. I cannot stress how many times I told him "NO" while removing his hands from my body as I pushed him away. This behavior went on the entire 30 minute drive to his house.Shortly after leaving we lost my boyfriend at a red light so it was now just the two of us, alone. He texted my boyfriend his address and he proceeded to verbally dictate directions to me, never allowing me to enter his address in my phone for actual directions.He continued to try to touch my breasts, kiss on me, and grab my vagina all while saying things like "you know you want this" and "pull over, I want to be inside you". He then grabbed my hand and forced me to touch his penis (outside of his pants) and proceeded to tell me how hard he was for me. At this point my boyfriend called having already arrived at his house sitting there waiting for us.I should have told him that very moment while I had him on the phone, but I froze. I just couldn't say anything. I was in utter shock. I felt ashamed, embarrassed, guilty, angry, betrayed. It took all I had to keep his hands off of me and to keep driving. About 10 mins later we arrived at his house where he was still trying to get in my pants even as we pulled up next to my boyfriends car.At this point I got out of his car and immediately got in my BF's car and told him we need to leave now. We drove about 4 blocks away before I completely spilled everything to him. My emotions are all over the place. This was my friend, we see each other daily. Did he sexually assault me even though we didn't have sex? Do I write it off as him just being drunk?I'm really looking for outside opinions as I am completely lost with how to handle this. Thank you for reading, and I appreciate any and all feedback.
I have PTSD as a result of an abusive relationship. He raped me early on New Year's Day 2015 and although lots of bad things happened, I believe that this is the primary cause of my PTSD, and this is when I found the courage to leave him. So New Years is the anniversary and I want to do something for it.  The trouble is I have no one to do anything with. My family just watch TV and he idea of sitting doing nothing all evening is unbearable. I've suggested going away for it but they aren't interested - they have plenty of money so it isn't that.  The guy I've been seeing is making excuses about moving offices, which I know isn't a reason because he could do it before or after or whatever.  We've been seeing each other very frequently for 6 months but he doesn't want me as a gf because I have PTSD. So we're just hanging out and sleeping together loads. Not ideal but I can't cope with letting anyone else in right now and I want sex and intimacy so a fuck buddy situation is ideal, although what we're doing is a relationship without the label, or a future. He's constantly looking for someone better. I don't like to talk about it all to many friends and I don't have any best friends who are local who I would want to spend it with or who would be free - everyone has partners and I don't want to be in a group situation. I got raped after a house party and I just don't want to do do something like that. So I think I want to go abroad alone for a few days. I want the time to have happy memories rather than the awful ones.  I want to do something fun and enjoyable, I just don't know where I should go.  I'm young looking, female and blonde so I want to go somewhere where I'd feel safe.  I like art, architecture, theatres. I'm thinking maybe Florence, Berlin or New York 
*Originally, I wanted to post this in r/relationships but the automod did't let me. Sorry if my post offends anyone as it matbe does not belong here*I think my ex tried to rape me but I don't know if it's just me being overly sensitive. I'm in a very happy semi-open long distance relationship, but I've always had good friendships with my exs.BackstoryAbout 3 years ago I had a thing with a guy we'll call Todd. We went on a couple of dates and lost our virginity to each other but after that he stopped talking to me, which obviously broke my 16 year old naive heart. He did broke my heart but I never stopped caring for him as a person and I ocasionally wrote to him just to check how he was doing.I had other relationships, but whenever Todd reached me out I couldn't keep myself from coming back to him. During a summer we started a kind of open relationship. But when we went back school he treated me very differently. Although all his friends knew about our "relationship" he never talked to me in public or anything. Shortly after that I learned he was flirting and making out with other girls at parties etc... He always apologized, and although I knew it was BS, I couldn't move on. I was always there for him when he needed me or wanted me... There were times he told me things like "It's your fault we've never had a good relationship.", "You've never loved me." Etc...We didn't talk much the following months but I sent him a christmas card and a present. On our generation spring break, one night I was very drunk and I couldn't find my hotel room. He saw me and let me sleep in his room (on the bed) while he slept on the floor. Since that, I though I could really trust him as a friend.A few months later I started a relationship with an amazing guy (my current s.o.). When Todd learned about it he started to ask me out again, and call me on the cellphone whenever I was with my s.o. It was weird but I declined his offers and his calls. One day I answered one of his calls and we started to have a fairly normal conversarion until he mentioned my s.o. which i found weird, and I just hung up.My s.o left for a few months but we agreed on having an open relationship during his time away.Actual problem.One day Todd told me he wanted to see me and I agreed since time had already gone by and we were now in different universities.When I saw him, everything went fine, until the moment I was saying goodbye to him. He suddenly kissed me, and I told him not to do that again and left.I saw him again the next week. He asked me for some help with his homework, but I decided it was the last time I was meeting him. When I was leaving I gave him a small kiss and told him that although I really cared about him, that was really the last time it was happening and the last time I was seeing him.This past month I had a very difficult time with my family and I talked to him since although things had been difficult i had the feeling i could count on him. We went to his house to eat, do our homework, normal things... After that we were sitting on the couch and he started kissing me. I told him to stop. He started to grab my legs and breasts, and again, I told him to stop as I tried to take his hands of off me. He tried to take my pants off, and told me he wanted to fuck me. He was holding me so tight it was hurting me. Finally I managed to get away from him and I just told him I didn't want to have sex with him. He was pissed. I asked him If he could take me home, to which he agreed. As we were on the car he told me he didn't want to see me again, and I just told him "fine". When we arrived he took somethig from the backsit and gave it to me: a flower. I was really weirded out, confused, and a bit scared. I just left.I feel very weird, confused, stupid and guilty. I do believe Todd has been manipulative and abusive in the past but it is difficult to me to aknowledge it without feeling guilty. My current s.o. knows that I keep in touch with my exs, but he doesn't know Todd kissed me, and that to some extent I agreed on the kissing. We are in an open relationship but I know this will hurt him a lot. I feel sad and scared about what happened with Todd last time. I also would like to tell my S.O but none of this would've happened if I didn't put myself in that situation in the first place. I don't know what to do.Can I move on without telling my s.o about it, or should I tell him? Is it fair for me to say Todd tried to hurt me or am I at fault here?To be honest, I just feel sad, and I wanted to take it all out. Thanks reddit.tl;dr: I've been seing one of my exs, and I think he tried to hurt me (rape me.). But I don't know if I am to blame for putting myself in that situation. I don't know how to tell my current boyfriend. I don't know. I feel terrible.
i was having fun at a birthday party of a friend of mine everyting was good i drank some beer smoked a spliff with my friendswhen pepole went to the city to party more i stayed at my friends house with some boysi went into a room to go to sleep 2 boys joined me i said i just wanted to cuddle i was drunk and high one of the boys guided my hand into his pants i didnt realy know what was happening the other boy left to take the buss home and then he took his hand down my pants i dont realy remember much sudenly he was inside me aperently we had sex he said i enjoyed it i dont remember much the boy was sober..was i raped ? (sorry for bad english)
So I have been sexually assaulted to one degree or another 3 times.  When I was 14 I was followed down a service corridor in a mall and pinned against a wall by another teenager and he put his hand up my skirt.  I punched him and took advantage of his surprise to get away from him.  Shortly after graduating high school I was talking in the parking lot of my crappy after high school job with a guy who had gone to school with me and worked there too.  I didn't know him well.  He forcibly kissed me with no context and no warning.  He did stop when I told him to.  I honestly only remembered this because I saw him posting some things on FB today that displayed some ignorance on the topic and it brought the memory back.A few years later I was working retail and a man I had never seen before came up behind me and grabbed me between my legs from behind.  He seemed to think this was funny.  I actually told my manager and called the police but all that ever came of it was his being banned from the store (but only when I was working, WTF) and his wife coming in to verbally abuse me about it.  I later saw him at a friend's BBQ and it really upset me but I didn't want to make a scene.  This last one would have been in the early to mid 90s.  This has all been on my mind a lot lately with all the election posts and the people defending Trump.  I don't want to get into a political discussion AT ALL.  That is just what has me running circles in my head.  Some very hurtful things have been said to me but nobody in my life now knows about these things so while I debate them I'm not about to just suddenly tell everyone on FB about my own experiences.  I believe I would feel the way I do about the topics of consent and assault even if these events had never happened but they are definitely playing a part in how strongly I am reacting.So thank you for reading.  I just didn't know where to go so I found this subreddit and decided to put it here.  I am female if that matters.
M (20) raped at 7 by another male. I think I'm pretty good at introspective. One thing I know that controls everything about me is FEAR. I want to destroy the universe for logical reasons. If there is nothing there is no room or chance for suffering for any life in the universe. My rose colored glasses are completely destroyed. I'm very pessimistic, but I'm also a realist. I look for answers. This reality needs to be destroyed, through AI or vacuums or some other highly dangerous science tool. I see right through lies and illusions. This world of life comes down to 2 brutal factors for some reason people undermine or ignore. 1. Competition to survive 2. Sexual desires and influences.    It"s brutal, but it's the TRUTH. There has to be a society out there that sees the brutality and are working to change nature. We are biological machines like the smartest fucking man on Earth has said, Stephen Hawking. We are probably automated and determistic. We run on everything to run and avoid pain and fear. FIGHT or FLIGHT response. Fear is not talked about due to the brutal context behind it. We are filled with distractions and illusions so we don't have to face these feelings, which is a very smart move on a social control level. But as technology advances we need to consider destroying the universe, not Earth because the probability of any life in the universe to live or randomly spawn must be brought to a 0%. Math is very important for the real world. Laughing is a coping mechanism for reality. Laughing is used to deflect harshness from our own brain.
Since this is anonymous, I'm not going to beat around the bush. About 4 years ago, I was raped by a then-boyfriend. Up until very recently, I would switch between blaming myself and convincing myself it wasn't rape. But I've come to realize it very clearly was, in a very black and white way, and that I am not to blame for his decision to force himself on me anally while I was too drunk to move. That being said, I've never told anyone, and I never wanted to due to the shame, guilt, and "I'm overreacting" I felt. But lately I've been wanting to tell someone close to me. I don't want to be the only person who knows what happened to me.My question is, should I tell my boyfriend? I've known him since before the incident occurred, and I'm not sure if he'd feel badly that I never told him. Additionally, I've told him I've never had anal sex and that he was my first because of the amount of shame I had regarding what happened to me, and it's not true. That said, he's one of the most supportive people in my life, and I also feel I owe it to him to tell him what happened to me as my boyfriend/soon-to-be fiancé. I almost feel the desire to tell him bursting out of my chest.Thoughts? If anyone has a similar story, what can I possibly expect as his reaction if I tell him?
I was raped a few weeks ago by my gay best friend. This past week I've been unable to get out of bed, I'm having constant anxiety attacks, I shake constantly, and have recently started randomly being sick for no reason. I've withdrawn from everyone, my family, friends, and I've had to take sick leave at work. I only feel safe and happy when I'm alone in my flat with my boyfriend. I can't go out unless I get drunk - even if it's to have a coffee with friends. I'm finding hard to even text people right now. I have decided not to report it to the police, although I have been in contact with a crisis centre. I feel unable to talk to anyone about it, everything's just a mess right now.Just feeling lost.
Hi, I've never posted here before as I have never really considered what's happened to be to be assault. Some people from over at r/relationships suggested that my situation may have been, and I just wanted to ask to be clear on it.So essentially I did drugs (acid) with my two close friends who are dating, and we ended up having a threesome (???) when I was peaking. I was out of my mind, completely overwhelmed with what was happening and I didn't realise it was even my friends who were touching me. It felt like 10 pairs of hands were touching me and I wasn't me. I didn't move upon penetration, I just laid on the bed stationary. I wasn't receptive and I didn't touch either of them. When I came down a few hours later I had a panic attack when I realised what had happened and spent the next few days at my friends place crying and shaking because I couldn't be in my bed after what happened there. I'm not attracted to either of them and the idea of them touching me sexually makes me feel slimy and used, this happened maybe two or three weeks ago and still every time I think about it I have a panic attack. Was I taken advantage of? I didn't say no during and I haven't brought it up because I can't, since the incident. We don't talk about it at all but I can't stop thinking about how disgusting I feel since it happened. If I was sober It would NOT have happened and they know that considering I have shot down offers of threesomes before with them. I can't seem to get over it, can I realise it wasn't consensual sex weeks after it happened? I feel like I'm making a HUGE deal out of nothing and I just want to keep my mouth shut and forget. I haven't been assaulted before, so I don't know if this is similar. While I am here, there was also a situation where I drank WAY too much and blacked out for about 8 hours (I don't drink, so I didn't expect this to happen) and woke up in the morning bleeding and with sperm inside of me. Apparently the person who's house I was at (and was kinda seeing) said I was 'begging' for it when I was drunk (I don't recall this) and that I was consenting the entire time but I don't remember this happening? He said he would never hurt me but if I wanted it why would I have bled? All of these incidents have happened with people I trusted not being sober around but recently I have completely stopped touching drugs or alcohol, though I have only tried both once or twice. I'm very sorry for the wall of text but I don't know if I'm over reacting, thanks. 
Before I start I just want to say that I can't really remember a lot of the details of what happened. I am 20(m) now but this happened when I was 13. The guy who did it was 14. I know I wasn't raped but I don't know if it was sexual abuse. My girlfriend said it was, and my therapist said he groomed me but I still don't know. I was very sheltered as a 13 year old. I had never held a girls hand or kissed a girl. I knew what porn was but I didn't watch it. I had masturbated but I had only discovered it that year or the year before. I found girls attractive and sometimes I would masturbate to images of girls but they were hardly ever naked. Maybe topless, showing legs/feet (I found feet to be attractive I guess) but I didn't watch porn videos. Only ever photos of models who at most had their boobs showing. I found anything more than that to be too taboo. My friend was bi-sexual and I think I knew, I can't really remember, but he was a close friend and I remember being cool with him. When I went to his house one day we were hanging out and after playing video games we went to his bedroom. After chatting for a while he asked me if I watch porn, so he turns on a video of girls kissing. I kinda felt odd because I had only ever done stuff like this by myself. He asked me if I had an erection and I said yeah but I felt really weird admitting it to someone else. Then he says "let's watch something I like" and he turns on a video of guys performing oral sex on each other. I think what happened then (I can't remember properly) is that he took off his pants and started masturbating. The next thing I remember is that we were on his bed, side by side. He was touching himself and I felt weird about doing it to myself in front of him but I eventually did it. It's going to sound weird but I didn't see this as a sexual experience while it was happening. I saw it as two friends hanging out, kinda like a game I guess. I never saw him in a sexual way, I just saw him as a friend. After a while he convinces me to touch him and I think he was touching me, I can't really remember. At first I didn't want to do it to him but because I saw the whole thing as some kinda game, so it didn't really seem real (it's hard to explain), but I just did it anyway. I remember him telling me to stop because he was going to cum but I kept going because I felt like it was a game and it was all just innocent fun. He came but I don't think I did. Then I remember him wanting to put my dick in his mouth. I think he asked to suck but I said no. So he asked if he can put his mouth on it but not suck, I still felt like I didn't really want to as I felt strange/unsure but I said yes. So he did it and I can't remember if he sucked or not but I know he put his mouth around it. Then I remember me being on my knees in front of him. He wanted me to suck him but I was like "hmm I don't know, I don't really want to." He kept asking and asking and he was saying "it'll be okay, don't worry, just do it, cmon" so I think I poked it with my tongue and I couldn't remember this until I spoke to my girlfriend but I think I did put my mouth around his dick. Afterwards I was very confused, and it didn't hit me with what happened until I was at home. I felt really bad about myself and I started feeling like maybe I was gay - I was very confused. I felt ashamed because I felt like I didn't know who I was, and I felt weird about him. I remember not wanting to go to his house ever again. I didn't tell anyone about it, and I felt like I couldn't talk to anyone about it. So I buried it and I remember telling myself I would never think about it again. I didn't speak about it until I was 19. I told a friend about it but didn't say I felt weird about it, I just said I had a gay experience. I had always thought of it as a weird and unhappy gay sexual encounter but i never thought it was abuse. Just an encounter I felt weird about. I told my girlfriend about a month ago. I was more honest telling her than my friend and I said I felt strange about it. She told me that it sounds a lot like abuse, and at first I was like "what?! No way" but she was abused as a child and she said that her abusers made it feel like a game for her too. I went to my therapist about it coz it had been on my mind and she said that this guy groomed me into doing what he wanted. I do feel like he took advantage of me but I just kinda wanted to know other people's opinions too if that's okay, please? Is it sexual abuse? 
Kind of NSFW language, I'm sorry if this is against the rules or something. This literally just happened and I'm scared and need help. I'll edit the post if needed.Last night a good friend and me were hanging out. We were on a couple of glasses of wine and were just chilling. I suggested getting high and she agreed, so I hit up a guy I had fucked around with before. We eventually went over there and drank and smoked. I was totally crossed and nearly fainted at some point. Eventually, my friend left and it was just me and the guy. He suggested we go to his room and lay down and I agreed. Right when I got up I felt dizzy, so I booked it to the bed. As I was laying down and reclaiming my posture, he took off his shirt and was on top of me. He started kissing me and I accepted, he asked if I was okay and I said yes. But as things progressed, I started to get more uncomfortable. He fingered me for a bit and it begun to hurt. I started to say that I wanted him to stop, but I was so drunk and high and he was too into it to hear. It progressed to full blown intercourse. I continued to want him to stop, but all the sensations and inebriation made it hard to vocalize. I've had like three panic attacks in the last couple of hours since it happened. I don't know what to do. Am I  overreacting??
I am a 22 year old male. My friend who was also a male wanted me to come get drunk with him and his friends. So when i get off work I get a ride there since i don't have a license or my own vehicle. He keeps trying to get me to drink more and take promethazine. So after a few hours everyone goes to bed and I wake up to my friends hand down my pants. He asked if it was ok and I was to afraid to say no. I was in a house ive never been in. I can barley walk from the alcohol and so on. He eventually brings me downstairs basically carried me. Sits me down and starts going down on me as well as trying to get me to touch him and have sex with him. He eventually gave up once he realized I wasn't going to get aroused. decided to basically jerk off in front of me then lead me back upstairs to go to sleep. One of the scariest parts about it is I can't even remember if he said "Let's never tell anyone about this, or Don't tell anyone about this." I answered yes to his questions out of fear. I mean I was drunk and could barley walk, had no idea how to get home, and was afraid if I said no something bad might happen to me.. I'm just not sure what to do but i feel so ashamed of myself.. 
I went over to this guy's apartment(met him through a friend), we had a discussion about how it was going to be all sex with us. I was a virgin but I told him I have had sex, just ages and ages ago. Now we are kissing and everything was going fine before we take our clothes of and he shoves his penis inside me(I was super dry) with no-preamble what-so-ever, zero foreplay. I tried to bear it but after a few seconds I couldn't anymore and I started begging him to stop and push at his shoulders so he just pinned my hands down and continued thrusting. Words can't describe the agony that i was in, I was frozen in pain. He didn't care about my cries or my begging so I said that I am going to blow him and he relented. I finished him off and ran for the bathroom and I was covered in blood(I'm talking everywhere he touched me, hips, ass, don't get me started on my legs) and bloody chunks were on my thighs. I went to the doctor the next day because I was bleeding(and there is still some spotting, bloody discharge). She said my cervix has been injured and gave me meds to not get an infection. I am in so much pain.I just.. it's like it didn't happen to me, like I watch closely to it happening to another girl who looks like me. I feel stupid for letting this happen. And I've only ever told my older cousin. I can't tell my parents otherwise they'd literally kill me. I don't want to report him because I am about to have exams and an internship and I was finally rebuilding my life after my ED and now this happened. I just want to forget it and I don't want to get dragged into a whole case. Besides my bloody underwear(which again is not much evidence) there is zero evidence.
*I tried posting in relationships but it got removed and they told me to post here I wasn't sure how to word the title, I put sexually assault in quotations because I don't think he ever sexually assaulted me but others seem to think he did. It's more of a misunderstanding and sort of my fault anything happened. Basically, when I was in highschool I befriended a guy in grade 10. He was sweet and fun to talk too, and he got a crush on me but I didn't feel the same way. We agreed to remain friends after that. However, we would joke around a lot and often our jokes were sexual in nature. For me, I have a tendency to make dirty and crude jokes with mostly everyone I get to know (I know that's not a good thing because it sends mixed signals to others) and he got the wrong idea and started to grab my ass and boobs. I didn't like that but I also didn't say no either, so he kept doing it because I gave him the wrong idea and I'm not assertive enough to talk back. I did eventually tell him I didn't like that but I kind of said it awkwardly, like I said something like "You probably shouldn't touch me like that" and I was laughing so he thought I was joking and continued to do it till I reached grade 12. Then he stopped and apologized, and said that it must make me uncomfortable when he grabs me which I agreed. I also started to get uncomfortable with the sexual jokes we made because a lot of it was on him saying something sexual about me. I told him I didn't like that and he kind of stopped. I started telling my bestfriend about what he did and she said he was sexually assaulting me, which I disagree. She told me to be assertive and tell him to screw off, but I felt guilty if I did that. I did however eventually tell him I was uncomfortable with our friendship and he told me that's fine and never spoke to me again. Now the problem is, because I told my bestfriend this, a couple of other people found out what this guy did (she didn't go around telling people, the subject was kind of brought up in front of me) and everyone thinks he's the bad guy and I feel guilty. Because I never said no in the beginning and I wasn't clear enough when I did say no, so he just got the wrong idea. It was really big misunderstanding, because when I did eventually say I wasn't uncomfortable being friends, he did stop talking to me because I was clear and assertive. I don't want him to look like the bad guy. When I tell my friends this, they think I'm being in denial and victim blaming myself what do I do?TL;DR guy used to touch me and I didn't like that, but it was my fault for not being clear enough
I'm not 100% sure why, but sex has never been a problem for me. I just kinda completely separate them in my head. So when I told my bf I wanted our (amazing) sex life to stay the same after it happened and he responded that he didn't know about that, I was a little shocked and hurt. I asked him if he still viewed me as a sexual being and he said no at first, but then clarified that he loved me and thought I was sexy but just couldn't think of sex with me without thinking about the fact that I was raped. We have a great relationship and he's a supportive guy so I understood that he was just having trouble with it cause he loves me and hates to see me hurt.I stopped mentioning it for a while (2 weeks) and our sex life went back to normal and as a result I feel a little less disgusting. Now, I'm having a really hard time dealing with what happened (not in relation to sex- that's still not a problem) but don't feel comfortable talking about it with my bf even though I feel like I'm secretly falling apart because I'm terrified that he won't want to sleep with me anymore cause if I mention it at all he'll be reminded. For everything else, he's my closest confidante and best friend. I don't know what to do cause I hate pretending I'm not upset so he doesn't ask and I hate lying to him/hiding things from him. But I also want/need our sex life to continue both for fun and so I don't feel gross and I dont want him to have sex with me just because I want it and he feels bad about what happened if he doesn't want it.Help, what do I do????
Hey all. My (25/f) first post here. It's been many years since the attacks. I was doing okay. But a toxic relationship surfaced loads of repressed feelings and memories, and I suddenly began to experience confusing things and years worth of coping all at once. Inability to concentrate, constant fear, aversion to touch. Then I had my first flashback, and with it, my first migraine. Since that day two years ago I've only had two more flashbacks, but my aversion to touch (specifically on the back) has increased, I think out of knowing it's a trigger for flashbacks. I also get migraines. My s/o (26/m) (not the toxic one! :) ) was there for my first ever flashback and knew exactly what to do, and has been my absolute rock in this.I feel "better" in some ways, but crippled in others. I'm inexplicably anxious on almost a daily basis. I still get migraines if I have a nightmare. Weirdly enough if I exercise intensely I often go back to a sad, dark, angry place and become very frustrated that I haven't kicked the trauma. But the worst is at my job. I am in media so I constantly deal with the fear of scary comments on the Internet/my attacker finding me again, but I've become more used to that. But at work, coworkers -- no one ill-meaning or anything -- constantly tap my shoulder or sometimes pat me on the back/shoulder, and I always flinch, and they joke about it all the time. I've tried explaining lightheartedly that I don't like this, but they continue to do it. I broke down and confided my situation to my co-host, and he comforted me and made me feel so safe. But it wasn't long until he was saying I'm "hot" and "sexy" and that he is very attracted to me :/ It's hard because he has alternated between being a friend when I needed one, and someone who makes me feel very uncomfortable, or even takes out his frustrations on me by belittling me at work. A few weeks ago, he put his hand on my back while I was at my desk and I felt that familiar horror of fading into a flashback in the middle of the office. I ran to the open rooftop to sit and do some controlled breathing for about 30 minutes. My s/o was a sweetheart and via text walked me through some phrases I find comforting. But that said, I'm not keen on telling anyone else what's been going on (I work with all men). I feel so humiliated every time I flinch at someone's hand, and hurt to the core when someone makes a joke about it. Or when I have a nightmare and get a migraine. Or get startled in the crowded subway. My s/o (now fiancé, so it isn't all bad in my life) always encourages me to stand up for myself, and having him fight with me but also let me be free to heal on my own terms has spoiled me to the other people who just don't get boundaries. I don't know what to do. Does it get better? Is there anything I can do? 
Throwaway, though I do like this username. I'm genuinely ashamed to be typing this so bear with me.Basically, there are things that I did in my childhood that are really not normal in any way, or appropriate, and just altogether fucked up. In kindergarten, Jesus this is hard to write, one of my friends (female) and I would touch each other, either in school or hanging out. It never seemed really sexually pleasing to me or anything, it just seemed normal..? Another time with another friend in fifth grade, I went to her house and we went online and ended up searching very sexual things. I'd always told myself that both of those girls were initiating it but as time has passed I've realized that really isn't the case. I remember literally nothing from my childhood except one time I choked on a Reese's Puff and these events I wrote about above.These events occurred for at least five years, from what I can understand, but I don't remember anything else. Why the hell would a little kid be doing those things?Which brings me to my conclusion and I'm trying not to accuse my father of this but I don't know anymore...We aren't close really. Like this one time he kissed my forehead goodnight but his tongue touched my forehead and it freaked me the hell out, weird stuff like that. When I was younger (one of the few things I remember) I would watch TV in the living room and he would be on the computer in the same room. It was at an angle where I could obviously see the screen, and he would watch porn there. In front of his daughter. This was elementary-middle school, I believe. I told my brother [21] about it and he brushed it off but I found it disgusting.I don't know if it's even worth it to try to find out more. I'm scared to. And I don't even know if any of it is real, or this stuff about my father. If I'm wrong, I'll feel so horrible...So here's where I guess I need advice or support or anything honestly.Should I go see someone about this? I guess in the end that's up to me but damn...No way in hell I can talk to my mom or brother, and while I trust my boyfriend to the end of the world, I am terrified about what he might think. I'm also scared that people will think I'm lying because this sounds so fucking ridiculous and messed up.TLDR: Have a heartwrenching feeling that something may have happened to me as a kid. Do I go see someone?
It has been 6 years. I dated a horrible person for 2 years, I have come a long way since then but I still have thoughts, flash backs and replays go through my head over and over again and it's bubbling out of me and I just want to spill out my entire story to somebody. All the spots that I was attacked by my ex are all places in my daily life, the park across from my house, the parking spot infront of my work, the couch that is in my mothers house. It's either triggered by nightmares or being in spots were different assaults happened. The only way to describe it is it comes in waves... It's like my head is a shaken bee hive and I have to hold my head and say get out of my head and I have to calm myself. I feel like I have no one to tell. I have tried counselling but the lady just tried to find music for us to listen to for half the session. It helped nothing. I will be good for so many months then all of a sudden I will wake up and it feels like I am back to day one. I am 6 months post partum so I feel post partum depression is bringing this all up again. It is affecting my relationship with my husband, I can tell he is frustrated with me. I am frustrated with me. And I am mad at the piece of shit that ruined my past life in the first place. How do I begin to patch things with my husband? I don't mean to feel this way. How do I stop the triggers and nightmares? He lives in my city, every loud car that drives by I think is him. He used to stalk me, how do I know he still isn't? I just want to be happy with my new beautiful family but "piece of shit" is still haunting me and controlling my life.Has any good councillors given you good advise?  I am to poor to seek councilling in my city, and even if I did, it's a 4+ month wait. I am lost.This all happened up until I met my husband, so the wounds were still extremely fresh. I was in a very dark place. Depressed and suicidal. My husband brought the best out in me, but now I think it's weighing on him and he's frustrated. I feel so guilty. I am sorry for this mouth full. I have kept this all in for so many years I could right a book about everything I want to say. But I will start with this. Would telling someone about every detail bring me relief and closer? Or just open up the wounds again? 
So it's been about 5 years since this took place, but I am really just now considering that it could have been rape. When I was a freshman in high school, I started dating a senior, we will call him Dan. He was an incredibly sweet guy at first, took the time to see how I was doing every day and genuinely looked out for me like any friend would. I had a HUGE crush on him for quite a few months before we started dating. I would like to note that I am Christian and for my whole life I have held my Christian values high. Before we dated I told him how I felt about sex before marriage and that I was absolutely against it and he was super understanding of my views. So fast forward a few months and we start dating. I am not exaggerating when I say it took two weeks for him to start reaching down my pants. Now I'm not stupid, I know how most high school relationships  go and I probably should have guessed that this would be no different, but I was honestly shocked when he started doing that. We were in a field down the street at like 10:00 at night and without asking or anything he just casually unbuttons my jeans and reaches into my underwear. In my head I was completely appalled and wanted that to stop. I was confused as to why he would think this is suddenly okay with me after I explicitly explained how against this sort of thing I was. But of course I just kind of froze up and let it happen. He fondled the entrance to my vagina in that time, which had me feeling so gross inside. But still I remained quiet. Afterward what really got to me was he told me that I couldnt tell my mom about this (as I had perviously told him that I told my mom everything). If that wasn't a red flag I don't know what was.  After that night I told him out right that I didn't want to do that again. I told him I wanted to take part in NO sexual activity and he even agreed saying that he liked how I respected myself. I was proud for standing my ground and honestly thought we were good. Then it happened again. On que. like every single night we would go into the woods or hide along the side of my house and he would just go for it. Stick his hand down my pants and make his way to my vagina. Every time it happened I would get scared and resist saying no while it happened, but instead get really quiet. And I usually didn't touch him at all, I felt weird touching him that way. I had never done that before. He eventually started to take my hand and place it over his dick. At first I pulled away but then he would take my hand and put it back then gently stroke it to show me the "motions". This was super discomfiting for me but I did it anyways. Around this time while he was fondling me he would start to ask "do you want to?" Referring to sex. I would uncomfortably say no. Then as if I wasn't clear enough he would come back with "are you sure?" And I would nod. This happened quite a bit and at this point I don't know why I was even with him. I  still liked him I just wanted him to stop being so forward about sex. Still almost every night I would tell him that I wanted to stop doing this and he would always agree just to do it again the next day. Not asking, just diving right into it. I eventually bled one night when he was fingering me, which actually devastated me because I realized I was no longer a virgin really.. On the day I turned 16, we were in the driveway (of all places) and he had casually gotten into my pants the started to ask again if I wanted to do it. No. are you sure? Yes. What if I just go in once so you can see how it feels?..... this is about how the conversation went. At this point I just kind of reluctantly nod, as he is already in position above me with his dick hanging over my vagina. I was so tired of saying no I thought that if I just let him in once he would be happy and stop asking. He went in, and I gave no feedback. Then he went in again and I got slightly irritated. What happened to once. He went in a few more times then finally stopped upon realizing I was just not interested. FINALLY. I thought.. he will stop persisting. Wrong!!The next day, we went into the woods and without a single hesitation he took off my pants and underwear and then unzipped and pulled his pants down. He just went right in without asking or anything. I stayed motionless at first, then came the pain. It REALLY hurt!! Granted he had fingered me quite a bit to this point, but this was totally different. He had sex with me until he came and then when he was done he smiled and was happy. I told him after this that we needed to stop for good. I wanted to wait until marriage. Usually he would follow up with guilt telling me that it's just what you do when you're in a relationship. He started to guilt me into giving him oral, which absolutely disgusted me. I hated it and every time I said no he would give me this puppy dog face and whine until I did it. He would even push my head down on himself until I choked. That was where I drew the line. Made it absolutely clear I would not do that again! He actually listened.. which had me wondering why I hadn't been so forceful about my opposition to vaginal sex. Eventually I just gave up all resistance and had sex with him. I was tired of his constant begging and guilt tripping so I just did it whenever he wanted. The only time after all this that came to freak me out (probably the worst) was around our 1 year anniversary. We were at his house and I was in his bed (which was pushed into the corner) out of no where he just gets up on the bed standing on his knees and pulls down his pants then shoves his dick in my face. At this point I am literally pinned in the corner, his dick being rubbed all over my face trying to enter my mouth. I keep my mouth shut though and tried to keep my head turned away. This persists for about a minute as I tell him to stop. Three times. before he finally stops and pulls away. Completely freaked me out and had me wondering if I was assaulted for some time! Anyways now I feel completely guilty for all of this. I have reviewed these events in my head a million times and I still can't figure out why I didnt just say no DURING the events that took place. It's like I was frozen but I feel awful and like I let myself down. I since have broken up with him and am with a wonderful man now! He is convinced that I was raped, but that is such a strong word I don't like to use it loosely.. anyways I would sure like to know what exactly this was.. I want to make it clear to my peers and others in such situations that it is NOT okay to pester someone into having sex. It should be something enjoyed freely by two consenting individuals..  
Made a 2nd account to post this, been contemplating for far too long, but I desperately need advice. I'll start with a little *Background* I grew up in backwoods Eastern Ky, my mom married my step dad when I was 5, my biological father might as well be a fuckin ghost.  Everything is cool, call my stepdad "dad", mom has my brother when I'm 7. They divorce when I'm 11. He's my "dad" so I go to his house every weekend with my little brother. He's the only father figure I've ever known so, no big deal.  Fast forward til I'm 13, I somehow (can't remember specifics) find out ol "dad" sells weed and pills, I've been smoking weed for a good year now, so I start hinting around and it wasn't long til I had my pick of the stash, he even taught me how to harvest and weigh weed. By the time I'm 14 he would ask if "my back hurts" and give me pain pills or Xanax. There were a few times when he would try wrestling around with me and slip his hand up my shirt or try down my pants, mind you I'm fully developed by 14. I try telling my mom I don't wanna go there anymore, but I guess she needed her weekends to party or whatnot.  One morning, I wake up unusually early and go in the living room where "dad" is drinking coffee and has a few lines cut out on a phonebook on coffee table, we had never imbibed together before, but he offered and I accepted. I remember being in his bed ((don't remember how I got there)), laying on my side with him over top of me penetrating. I said no several times i tried rolling several times. Looking back, I know it was Xanax, but I feel like I didn't do enough to stop him. Next thing I remember is being at my mom's telling her what happened and she took me to the er, all the while telling me she doesn't believe a word I'm saying. Social services were involved, evidence was found, I was taken from my mom and placed with my grandmother. Trial came. He plead guilty. Never spent a night in jail, nor is he on registry (WTF!?!?!) This was 15 years ago...Now to my question, sorry for the novel. Remember my little brother?? Yeah, he's 23 now and tbough I'm sure he has somewhat of an idea, he's began to ask A LOT of questions. My mom even asked me if I would sit down with her, my brother and "dad"...Part of me would love to sit in his face and let him have it, the other feels like my brother doesn't need to know, he somehow has an amazingly functional reltionship with "dad". So what do I do?? Leave it alone, or speak my truth?TL;DR Stepdad raped me, grooming and drugs involved, little brother clueless. 15 years later, brother asking wth happened to his family
Edit: removed as I wasn't thinking which account I posted this on.
I don't know if this is the right place to post this or not but I figured it was worth a shot. Recently I've watched a couple movies (Gone Girl and Planet Terror) with my girlfriend who is a victim of sexual assault, and while I had seen the movies before I didn't remember a couple scenes depicting abuse and rape. I feel absolutely horrible about suggesting to watch them without at least giving her a warning about the subject material, but I genuinely did not remember those scenes. I was wondering if there was some sort of database or website where I could search the movie title and have results pop up with potential triggers within the films to avoid this issue in the future. Does anyone have any information about something this? Any help would be greatly appreciated, thank you.
My post got removed from /r/relationships because it is dealing with sexual harassment. I have not been raped but I have been touched up and would like some advice. ---Hi reddit, First time posting in here but long-time lurker. I have been friends with this girl, lets call her A for about 4 years. We go to high school together and therefore parties together. This party she brought 3 of her friends that nobody knows except her, F, B and L. I got very drunk that night and passed out. The next thing I wake up to is somebody touching my ass and going a little further and I obviously freak out - from what I remember I got up and started swearing at the person, who I recognised from earlier was L. A cool guy came into the room and asked me what was wrong and I just panicked and was saying over and over again how this guy standing next to him got into my bed and touched me. I was in tears and in shock. Next thing I do is something stupid, at these kind of parties, it's kind of expected that if you bring people nobody else knows, you have to keep a check on them - but obviously nobody thought they'd do this. I went up to A and I pushed her and angrily and in tears explained what happened and what she is going to do about it. All whilst this was happening L was following me around saying to everybody he didn't touch me or anything, which made me more angry as he was saying 'shes just drunk' and all of that stuff. I vividly remember him touching me and I'm not comfortable with that. When some other friends were looking after me, one went to tell the Hosts mother what had happened. She came up to me and told me to tell her what happened which I did and then said she wanted him to leave. After he was told he had to leave, he started shouting at the mother. A, B and L were very annoyed. B is L's sister, and came up to me calling me a liar, then switched to saying how it was nothing and to get over it. I'm a strong advocate that if somebody touches you in that kind of way, however serious or not it shouldn't be tolerated. I do not want to touched in this way.A brought L here which meant if he was asked to leave, she would have to leave aswell. This got her really annoyed. They eventually left.A is now consistently annoyed at me and will not speak to me. I am not going to say sorry about this - yes to pushing her, but not for something I couldn't control. I'm allowed to be emotional about what happened, and I'm allowed to not forgive her friend for doing that to me. She is saying to our other friend (who wasn't at the party) that I'm over exaggerating and that I was the one who told the Hosts mother I wanted them to leave, not the other friend. She has also said that he didn't really touch me and he was apologetic so I need to get over it, and that people were in the room so it couldn't have happened. (Even though it was under a duvet and I don't even know if people were there or not). What is upsetting me is a similar situation has happened before where a guy got on top of me and said he would rape me. He didn't but I felt very isolated. I confided in A and she got very angry at me and said it never happened. I was forced to say sorry and that I was lying to keep her as a friend because I want to be her friend. But it did happen and I don't talk about it anymore. However I'm not ignoring this situation and I'm not apologising for somebody touching me.Reddit I don't really know how to deal with this situation and I only understand that she is annoyed because I pushed her, but not of what her friend did. She should be annoyed at L but isn't because 'he said sorry'. Sorry doesn't mean anything if you have already done something, I'm allowed to be upset about this. ---TL;DR: My friend brought a mate to a party, when I passed out drunk he touched my arse and a little further. She is annoyed that I got very upset about it and that I'm still upset even if he has said sorry.   
6 years ago, I got drunk for the second time in my life with friends. On that night I was sexually assaulted by a woman, while a man watched.I went to hospital a couple of days later, I didn't press charges. I thought who would believe me when I said a woman raped me? I could barely believe it myself. Regardless, the pain I felt to walk and the scratches inside of me were evidence enough.I remember bits of that night, I remember being so floppy I couldn't do anything when they took my clothes off. I remember lying there, while I was penetrated. I remember making noises like I enjoyed it in hopes they would stop sooner. I still feel this is all my fault due to this. I remember saying "stop" and they kept going. The second time I said stop, the man stopped what was happening. I find it hard to be mad at him because of this even though he had his dick out the whole time.There's one comment that the perpetrator made that has stuck with me. A comment along the lines that "I needed to shave down there". This confuses me a lot, you don't approve of my body but still took what you wanted from me.I still feel like this is my fault. I didn't do enough to stop it. Didn't defend myself. I made noises that implied I was enjoying it. I got drunk. And the fact the main assaulter was a female. No one talks about getting assaulted by a female and no one takes it seriously. We all know same sex rape happens, but we don't want to talk about it. I no longer feel safe in social situations, I avoid being around people. I can't form female friendships. I'm very guarded. Anyway, this is essentially me just needed to vent. If you comment, please be thoughtful. I am seeing a counsellor but I had to get this out elsewhere too. 
I've posted before. I've posted about how I was raped, how was sexually abused and manipulated, etc. I posted about how I thought this new guy would be different. I was in constant battle with myself. In the past I've used my body for defense. I've given into sex without wanting it because I had unlearned the word "no." However, I was beginning to relearn the word. Yet I was still struggling with memories, flashbacks, nightmares... My interest in sex was (and still is) at an all time low. I didn't renew my birth control because I was too depressed to give a fuck and because it was more reason to not have sex. And so we used condoms. Because I didn't want to get pregnant. Except...Except he got drunk one night. And he was very aggressive and making me uncomfortable. He didn't pick up on my disinterest and kept going. At one point, he tried to enter me without a condom.I said no. He didn't hear me. I said no, louder, half sobbing, and pulling away. He grabbed my hips and said, "Shut up. You won't get pregnant." One thrust to keep him up before he put the condom on. One thrust after I said no. I still didn't want it. I wanted to keep saying no. But "shut up" rang in my ears over and over again. I tried to talk to him about it. He didn't think it was that big of a deal. He broke up with me because I was "difficult to handle" and "impossible to please." He broke up with me to try to get me to get my head on straight.He wishes we were together. I just wish I didn't have to keep defining things that happen to me. 
I (19F) have been having a rough time these past few weeks with anxiety about my rapist ex. Some of it is still just general anxiety about sex and the acts, which bother me immensely, though my current boyfriend and I have been able to perform those acts successfully in the past few months. But I've been having awful nightmares and horrible anxiety relating to some of the things my current boyfriend posted here about 6 months ago. This is his post: https://www.reddit.com/r/rape/comments/4gdkvy/girlfriends_ex_and_rapist_still_in_the_picture/So anyway, I'm terrified. I've been having horrible flashbacks and nightmares and haven't been able to get much sleep. But one of the things that has been bothering me a lot lately, and for seemingly no reason, is the thought that my ex will just show up or is already right outside the door and is trying to get in. This is a ridiculous thought for a number of reasons, but I can't help it. Yes, my ex showed up at my room randomly last year, but he hasn't contacted me since. I am in a different building this year, though on the same campus. All dorms require swiping an ID card to enter, unless someone lets you in. I don't believe that anyone associated with the school could give out my room number or "address" legally. Besides this, I've been spending all of my time (every night) in my boyfriend's single room with him. He is in a different building, again with all the same safety precautions, and my ex knows nothing about him (not even his first name). We lock the door every night before we go to bed, or it keeps me up and anxious. However, the door shifts slightly and makes noises when there's a change in air pressure. I know this is the reason, but my anxious brain will tell me that it's my ex outside the door, jiggling it, and trying to get in. My boyfriend has been super patient and supporting and helpful this entire time, and as far as this door thing goes, he's been very reassuring. If I flinch, he reminds me it's the air pressure and rubs my back or shoulder. If I'm having a nightmare, he wakes me up, checks on me, turns the light on and makes me get up and walk around if I have to, or just holds me til I fall back asleep. He has really been amazing. He lets me have my space when I need it, and we have a system that consists of me tapping him when something is too much or too overwhelming or anxiety-inducing so I don't have to talk, which can be hard for me in those types of situations. Anyway, I want to know what I can do to make myself feel better or how I can stop these nightmares and this stupid anxiety about the door. Obviously, there's so much more to all of this, but I'm too tired to go into it right now. 
Last night I went out with a group of coworkers. We were just hanging out at the bar, talking over drinks and singing along to the radio. After a while, there was only me and two friends left. We started some typical girl talk, and when it turned to guys, my one friend [25f] said the last time she had sex was with her ex[20m], on Saturday night, and "it wasn't exactly consensual". They had broken up recently and he won't let it go. He keeps calling her and guilting her into spending time with him. He keeps saying it's her fault that he cares so much for her. On Saturday night, he called her almost 20 times. When she finally answered he explained that he was stranded downtown and needed a place to stay for the night. She reluctantly agreed and when he got there she made it very clear that they were just going to go to bed and he was to leave in the morning. He then started getting on top of her, forcing her clothes off and forcing her to spread her legs. She told us that after saying no again and again, and crying when he wouldn't stop, she just completely shut down. She went limp and couldn't resist any longer. He was holding her down, and she's got a bruise on her sternum from his force. He kept telling her to feel him inside of her and realize that they are supposed to be together. When she woke up in the morning he was touching her again but she made him leave and called her roommates to come home. She told me that he acted as though he was possessed. She couldn't believe it happened to her and she blames herself because she doesn't care about him and he still wants her. He admitted that he got carried away and didn't realise that she wasn't enjoying it. I don't know how to help her. She has stopped going to her classes because he is in the same program as her and she can't bear to be near him. She's afraid to go to her professors, even though one is a mental health professional, because she doesn't want to have to explain to her classmates why her schedule is changed so late in the semester. I tried to encourage her to talk to someone, to take action, but she only blames herself. She doesn't want it to affect him, because she thinks she's to blame. Tldr; my friend was raped by her ex boyfriend, but she blames herself. What can I do to help her? 
Does anybody else have a problem with people (that don’t know your story) thinking that you’re weak? That you can’t handle the day-to-day life problems that people should be able to handle? Personally, I’m sick and tired of hearing people tell me to toughen up. Simply because I get overly stressed about schoolwork or other life stresses and break down easily at things that people “should be able to handle,” you think the threshold for what I can take stops there? They don’t know that I was raped on at least a weekly basis for months, during which time I had to go on living my life, keeping my grades up, and participating in leadership roles for extra-curriculars. It takes a certain degree of strength to graduate in the top 10 of your high school class when you never expected to live past the age of 16. And now that I’m about to graduate from grad school, people think that they can judge me and think of me as weak? I didn’t get a job at the company that I worked for over the summer because the woman in charge of hiring thought I was too weak to handle the stresses of employment. Because I broke down crying once after events that people should just shrug off. They didn’t know that it was my rapist’s birthday that day. That I was sickened just at the thought of him being alive another year. So for everyone in my life who thinks they can pass me off as weak, screw them. They don’t know what I’m carrying around every day. Everybody handles trauma differently, and if I’m doing it differently than they think I should, then they don’t know much about life. 
Many many years ago, when i was very young, i had a babysitter that i stayed with. she was fairly young. (mid-late teens). she watched a little girl and myself. some times when i was there alone with her, she would invite her friend over. and she always wanted to play "doctor". i know how stereotypical this sounds. but she and her friend would take turns taking me in their closet and getting naked, then having me touch them and do things to them. afterwards they would pull my pants down and do weird things to me. this happened all the time.  and i wasn't allowed to tell anyone. they never forced me to do it. just talked me into it. but i was no more than 5 years old at the time. and more than 20 years later i remember it all clear as day. i never told anyone aside from my gf but i didn't tell her much details. the weird thing is that i'm not sure how i feel about it. i don't feel negatively towards it. but i do feel that it effected my curiosity about females at a very young age. which is a whole different story.its just a numb subject. kind of like i was just doing what i was supposed to do. but at the same time it triggers my sexual curiosity. i don't want to say its like Stockholm syndrome or whatever but it just gives me strange feelings. 
I really, really, (like really), like the garden state soundtrack. I grew up listening to it. But, I cannot bare to even listen to the first track anymore. He loved the album too. Knew him for two months, we were just friends- and that's all I wanted to be. Yet, I still let him sleep in my bed, in my dorm. I was drunk, so I of course passed out quick as hell. Woke up in the middle of it, but too dumb and terrified to do anything, so I just laid there. When everything was over, I locked myself in the bathroom until he was asleep, and then went to the study room until he left. Had to skip my 9am because I didn't have any pants, just a long tshirt, and didnt want to risk going back in the room to dress. I can't look my roommate in the face anymore, because she was asleep, less than two feet away when it happened. I'm afraid she could have woken up and thought I was participating? I have trouble sleeping in my own damn bed, with the same cover and sheets, knowing he was there. My rapist took my favorite album from me, on top of every other thing that was supposed to make me feel okay. I can't explain this to anyone. They just don't understand. I don't know how to make them understand, when I can't share this feeling with them. It's like suffocating, in a room of things he touched. Instead of the soundtrack reminding me of my mom, and my favorite times from being a kid, I think of him. tl;dr: my rapist stole my favorite album, and it hurts because no one understands being afraid of your favorite songs.
Hey guys I just wanted to share a story of mine that hits too close to home and leaves myself personally feeling helpless. So a few months back my family and I went to a local party/horseshoe tournament in the small town we live in. A few hours into the tournament, my little sister and her friend that came along with us went down the street to another guys house that they know from school, long story short the party ended...my partner and I placed 3rd and won some money, I picked up my sister and her friend then took them both home. Fast forward about 4 days and I was working out of town then got a call from my dad and he told me that my sister had been raped at the party. I couldn't believe any of it at first and every bone in my body and soul wants justice but after letting the system work I'm fully convinced that the system is fucked up and rigged against the victim. Fast forward again to the final verdict...charges get dropped against the kid who raped my sister and he walks free (Keep in mind hat both this kid and my sister are both minors, my other brother is 18 and I'm 21), to make matters worse, he goes to school with my sister and of course has denied everything and even threatened her directly on multiple occasions. I know who this kid is and I even went to school with his older step brother and we were actually decent friends...but after everything that's happened and the lack of justice that I've seen with her case, I can promise all of y'all one thing. Justice and Vengeance will be served before my time on Gods green earth is up.Any advice on what I should do or how I should handle this situation? 
My ex girlfriend raped me. She got angry after I rejected her sexual advances and snapped and raped me. I was very surprised and didn't know as a guy that I could be raped but through support, I recovered and she went to jail.Fastforward a bit and my current girlfriend and I are having a great relationship. However, there is one thing I have a fantasy of being raped by her and she likes the fantasy of "raping" me as well, not literally but as a roleplay fantasy. However, I feel a bit guilty that after having been raped, having a fantasy about being raped by my girlfriend is somehow wrong or demeaning to rape victims. I mean I was lucky in the sense that I was able to recover from my rape and see my rapist go to jail, others are not so fortunate and I feel a bit bad about having this fantasy.I feel safe about having this fantasy with my current girlfriend because I know that she would never rape me for real and it would just be a roleplay. Is what I am saying reasonable? It must sound a bit silly, I suppose?
Me and my girlfriend have a relationship which includes a lot of roleplay and bdsm, and she has disclosed to me in the past that she is excited by the thought of consensual non consent and being penetrated while she sleeps by me.This morning when we were both groggy, she said she didn't want sex. I tried kissing her and rubbing her to get her in the mood but she still didn't want sex. We were being playful with each other and rolled onto our sides with me between her legs. I gently pushed myself into her, and she said stop, so I came out and said "I'm sorry, do you not want it?" and she said no. I asked if she wasn't enjoying it because it had sounded like she was, and she said she was enjoying it. I took this for consent, or as a part of a roleplaying game thing, and entered her again, thinking we were playing with rape fantasy, and said things like "i'm raping you and you're so wet baby", and she was stroking my back. When I finished, she told me that she hadn't wanted it, but had just allowed it to happen. She said she was very confused and not feeling anythig, and feeling like a small plastic bag. We are both very scared and confused about what happened. We are worried it will be a massive traumatic experience for her, and that I've done something so despicable that I'll have to keep it a secret for the rest of my life. We've spoken about it for hours and called helplines together, and really just want some advice on what we did, and how we move on from it. 
Pretty sure my brother raped me once.He wanted to talk bout didn't feel safe doing it while I was sober so gave me some drinks. He loves making cocktails so that's normal, but I rarely if never drink. Anyway at some point of hanging out he got me to try tequila in about 5 seconds I blacked out.I have flashes of the night after that. Being chased around my trampoline and feeling scared because he thought it was a game and I no longer did.Lying on the trampoline and him holding out his hand to introduce himself and me reminding him I'm his sister.Fighting him physically throughout the house, being surprised when my martial arts techniques didn't stop him and eventually panicking and bolting up the hall where he tackled me and we hit the wall with a thud.I woke up in his bed alone, with no clothes on including underwear, and feeling sore down there. My Nmum barged in yelling that I missed work and I had sex with my brother.I spent the day vomiting while she told my brother off because 'you know she doesn't drink, you could have killed her!' And him bring me a bucket and drinks and repeatedly apologizing when she was out of the room.I was a very sexual person then so I chalked it up to animal instinct, if you can't recognize someone as a relative then it makes sense and is excusable. I'm also not sure I didn't have a part in it, since I was blacked out most of the night.However, recently I've been seeing him in tv shows I'm watching, and I have an impression of a shadow hovering over me when I try to remember that night. I don't really want to remember, because it's icky, but it's starting to mess with me 5 years later.The Bf knows, he was the first person I told. Having sex with my bf at the moment feels like an object being inserted rather than a fun time, and I've had to tell myself it's my bf and not someone else while it's happening. One time sex went fine but afterwards during cleanup my brain tried to convince me I was removing my brothers mess.Sadly my biggest concern in all this is if my bro has treated other girls this way. He has a habit of getting too drunk to think straight.Apart from that night he's been a lovely brother, and we've never actually fought. He always expressed that he wanted to get to know me since Nmum made me super closed off, so maybe it was a drunken desire to get closer to me? Who knows.I've started meds for PTSD with my Nmum and we only just started acknowleding how horrible she is to each other. I don't wanna lose that new connection but this is messing with me.I've only just raised this to my psych and next time she asked about it I dismissed it without thinking. I guess what I'm saying is, sex happened, and now I can't look at him without being uncomfortable and remembering the impression of that night, despite not knowing what actually happened.I'm not sure what I wanted from this... maybe I just wanted to tell someone the full extent of that night.Thank you for listening.
X-posting on r/rapecounseling and r/titleixI am a 20 yo trans woman. My girlfriend wanted me to post this because she wanted to know what others have to say about what happened to her. She's a 20 yo university student now and this happened last year around April. She was coming to see me at work, going through a park beside her house to get to my workplace that was right beside her house. This guy comes up to her in the park (he's South Asian, this is important and we found it out later) and tells her he is Mexican. They talk a little bit and he does a series of things. The first thing he does is claim it is custom for Mexican people to kiss on the lips as a greeting (obviously total bs) and my girlfriend says just on the cheek. My girlfriend was abused by her ex-boyfriend for 4 years and was sexually assaulted multiple times in that relationship so she had trouble saying no. So the dude (we called him Park Dude before finding out his name, so I will call him that) asks to hug her and she has difficulty saying no. So he hugs her and is pressing his crotch against her, completely unwanted by her, which is already starting to trigger her. He has a tight grip on her. He moves his mouth close to her ear and whispers "will you suck my dick" and she freaks out completely and pushes him away and runs to the store. I was there and I took a break to go comfort her and calm her down, give her some food, figure out what happened, etc. Sometime later that year, she confirms he actually lives close to her after being terrified of stepping out without someone else close by. Around this time, we see him approach another woman, someone who is a little older and try to employ the same tricks from my car while I was dropping her off. My girlfriend gets out of the car and yells at him and calls him disgusting and he runs away in the other direction through the park. The woman looks relieved and continues to go home. This guy then approaches her a few weeks later. This time it is just as she is about to go home. He starts talking to her again, trying to get a bit of personal information out of her. He tells her that he is the same age as her (he isn't as we find out later)He follows her into her apartment building. When he is around a place where people can't really see them, he hugs her from behind and basically presses his crotch against her VERY obviously. She could feel it. She still has issues with intimacy from that. This time she starts visibly crying because he is holding her so tightly and she can't break away from it. She tells him to let go as well and says you can't do this to people. Park Dude asks her if he can do this is you are married? Which is strange but it really stuck out for her. She breaks out of his grip and runs into her suite, not sure if he followed or not. She went to the police, who not only didn't take her all that seriously, but told her it was not sexual assault and to stop accusing him of it at all. This was after the detective approached the guy in his home with his family and he denied even knowing her. This was horrible for her psyche, not to mention absolutely wrong. We looked up the laws just to be sure and sure enough, our laws clearly state that any unwanted sexual advances and any unwanted physical touching or brushing against. This was what happened and he didn't even get a slap on the wrist, she did. The detective tried to intimidate my gf into giving up her blog, which is a safe place for her, instead of taking her journal of the events. After the whole thing, Park Dude did avoid her but he didn't face any serious consequences. My gf is always lamenting on this and thinks that maybe she was partly responsible and whether it really was sexual assault. This past summer, I asked one of my friends who goes to that school about Park Dude. We had identified him and my friend recognized him immediately. My friend then described his behaviour at school. No friends to hang around with. He was always approaching girls at the gym and asking for their number repeatedly. He was in general creepy to all the girls at school (staring, unwanted advanced, etc.). We managed to get his name and the fact that he is in the 12th grade. My gf and I are in our 3rd year of university now so he's at least 2 years younger than her. He lied about his age. So she wanted to know what people think of this situation in general. Any words of comfort and advice are greatly appreciated. Her specific worries are that she is somehow responsible for the whole thing, like she was responsible for being assaulted in the first place. ANDFinding out that he was younger makes her feel this way too, as she has always been in and seen relationships where an older person abuses a younger one. She wanted to know if this should even upset her. 
I will try to keep it short and sweet. Background story on me:Molested as by my dad when I was a kid (age 4?), obviously traumatized by it. Dad was physically and emotionally abuse to everyone in my family. I got the "princess" treatment but he was also psycho. He would kiss me on the mouth everyday and if I said no he would flip the fuck out and tell me no one would love me etc. If I wasn't dressed up or whatever he would tell me I was disgusting and no one would love me, not even good ol' dad. Luckily he was out of my life after 2 years. I have issues with depression, anxiety and compulsions. Especially with the feeling of being trapped. I have serious commitment issues, not just pertaining to relationships. I don't like having friends for too long because I feel trapped. I don't like eating the same foods over and over for a week because it makes me feel trapped.Relationship:I met my boyfriend at the age of 23. I was a virgin and no prior experiences with intimate relationships. It took me by surprise that I liked this guy so much it's ridiculous. Holding hands, hugs and just hanging out didn't make me fearful which is a first. i'm always fearful. We tried having sex, failed spectacularly because I was too spooked (daddy issues). A lot of miscommunication happened during sex and I felt violated and sad. *Note: He did not violate me intentionally. There was literally a miscommunication. we talked it out and we are ok.I feel like he's "the one". It sounds a bit ridiculous but I've literally never been more comfortable around a person before. When we first talked it felt like we were best friends just catching up. It's fucking crazy. I really love this guy. He accepts me for all of my issues and loves me. Head over heels for me actually. He thinks I'm the one. He is 100% ready to settle down with me. He has no intentions of breaking up and has every intention of marrying me once we graduate and get jobs. We'll be moving in together sometime next year once our leases are up.He is also everything I wanted in a boyfriend to a point where it's kind of unsettling. He's super kind, gentle, sweet, buys me things for the sake of making me happy, all that. He is 200% loyal to me, incredibly understanding of my issues of selfishness, jealousy, insecurities etc and is perfectly fine with me the way I am. He says I'm beautiful and everything. The Problem:I'm starting feel trapped. No surprise there. I get thoughts like "oh what if he isn't the one and I'm just crazy" or "he's only being nice to me to trap me and I can't escape". Or "he only loves me and wants a long term relationship with me because of reliable and pretty much guaranteed sex in the long run". Whenever he buys me something or offers to buy me something my brain says shit like "he's only doing this to get leverage on you to have sex". It makes me panicked to a point where I can almost feel tears welling up behind my eyes. These feelings come and go. I haven't talked to him about these feelings because I don't want to hurt his feelings. He used to be the type to go clubbing and uhh have fun. After meeting me, he did a 180.tl;dr: I was abused as a kid and have daddy/commitment issues. With my first boyfriend and everything is going super well. But I'm scared and feeling trapped, brain is going crazy. 
I originally posted a slightly different version of this in r/relationships, but the comments turned into a debate about whether I was raped. So I'm here. I'm so so sorry if that's inappropriate. I don't want to pretend my experiences are anything they're not, I just don't know what to do.It's very long, sorry. Fake names obviously.3/4 months ago I meet Luke in a bar. We're both drunk, he kisses me, I go home with him. We get into a friends with benefits situation without being friends. He messages me a couple of times a week and if I'm free we meet up and we sleep together. I'm happy with this, I don't really know him so I'm not wanting to date him and I'm not after a relationship anyway. The sex starts off pretty vanilla but gradually becomes more rough. He likes to hit me, choke me, make me say I'm his bitch etc. There's a lot of power stuff. A month after I meet Luke, a guy I know called Ben and his girlfriend break up and I ask him out. I really like him and he says he really likes me. A month in we agree to be exclusive boyfriend and girlfriend. A few days after Ben becomes my boyfriend I have sex with Luke again. There's no excuse for that, it was a horrible thing to do. We had sex (vaginal and anal, using condoms) then afterwards when I was asleep he started having unprotected anal sex with me. This was the first time anything like this happened. My period came (thanks uterus) so he stopped before I had time to react properly and I didn't know what to do so I just cleaned myself up and went back to sleep.I tole Ben that I had cheated on him two days later, which was too long, but I knew he'd break up with me and I just wanted to delay that as long as I could. It was horrible.I carry on sleeping with Luke, and things get rougher. He asks me how many guys I've slept with since I met him, then the next time I see him before we have sex he slaps me again and again asking why I fuck other guys. Once he was touching me and I asked him to stop because he was hurting me and he didn't because "you like me using you" then afterwards told me he was proud of me and would never hurt me. During a blowjob he gagged me until I puke. He makes me say my vagina is his plaything and belongs to him and I want to be used by him. He again starts sex when I'm not awake. We don't talk outside of seeing each other, so the power balance is in everything, not just confined to sex. We haven’t used condoms about half the times we’ve slept together. I’m not in the pill. Before I met him it was completely unfathomable to me that I’d have unprotected sex with a casual partner.I've blocked Luke's number so many times then just unblocked it again. Friends have told me I shouldn't see him anymore but it makes me feel better. I can't stop myself thinking about him, there are nights where I haven't slept because I'm scared that I'll miss a message from him. I've only got a few close friends - and I've distanced myself from a lot of people who know I cheated on Ben. My best friend knows that Luke hit me and started sex when I was asleep and told me she couldn't be there for me if I kept sleeping with him because it was too painful for her, so I lied and told her I blocked his number.Last time I saw him he told me he's dating someone, I'm not jealous but I'm scared that he won't want me anymore now he's got her. I don't know what's wrong with me. Part of me feels like sex with Luke already ruined things so I might as well carry on. If Ben had forgiven me and we were still together I'd never see Luke again, but there's not a good enough reason for me to stop.  I'm scared to message him because he usually ignores me when I do and it might stop him messaging me.The idea that he'll stop messaging me scares the shit out of me.
I posted this in other sub a few hours ago and they recommend me to come here, I hope you can give me some advice.I'm not sure how to organize everything so I'm just going to tell you what happened. I receive a text from my [22/F] ex-girlfriend that needed to talk about something serious, she came to my department pretty nervous and told me something like this:>Last week we were in a party at my campus and A (my [22/F] friend) told all my friends how B ([22/M] friend) forced her to kiss him in a party at B's apartment (was something like "you have to kiss me to pass", and didn't let her pass while she rejected him a couple of times), I knew about this but didn't take it seriously, A got mad at me for this. I later remembered that A told me like 1 or 2 years ago how one night partying at B's place she pass out and suddenly wake up in the middle of sex with B, so I apologize for not taking her seriously and told her we need to do something about this...To put a little context A was know for drinking a lot and having sex from time to time with random guys and B is considered a nice guy, so my ex thought that A consented to have sex and just forgot.So after more talk this are the important points:* She doesn't want to tell anyone, just forget about this (my ex went behind her back to tell me).* She especially doesn't want us talking to B.* She thinks B doesn't know/realized what he did.I later called A to know how she felt but she didn't want to talk, she just told me that everything my ex said was true and hang out.I planned go to B's house tonight to know his side of the story but decided to postpone it to respect A's decision .So I was looking for advice in how to proceed, I fell like A is really hurt but doesn't know what to do or if people will support her if she says something. I also want to know what's B's statement on this and fear that he might do it again (if it happened as A told me, and no one says something).TL;DR : A friend (A) wake up having sex with other friend (B) and doesn't want any one to talk to B about it.
I'm 17 (nearly 18) years old. I'm having a really hard time with what happened and I need to talk to someone like my school counselor or something. If I tell him, is he required to report it or tell my parents? The thing is, my parents are incredibly emotionally abusive (unrelated to the assault) and if they find out my life is over. They absolutely CANNOT know, but I also really need to talk to someone about this. I tried to look up NJ laws on this, but I can't find anything. Please please help, I don't know what to do.
I was raped in August of this year by a close male friend while on a camping trip. We had planned this trip for about a month and a half in advance and would be dropping acid while in Blackbird Delaware State Park over the weekend. We had done this previously while at college, but in a different park and nothing happened. I felt safe around him. I felt accepted. During that first camping trip I came out to him that I was bi, and while there wasn't a problem he did seem curious but I thought nothing of it as he has a gf that by all respects is going to marry, and has been nothing but straight his whole life. We had a moment of bonding while swimming in a riverbed (I mean emotional, nothing physical. He had even explicitly told me "My boundaries with you are only sexual Larky97", so I said "Well same dude, we both have girlfriends"). Exchanged "I love you man" and "You're the best friend I've ever had" as people high as balls on acid tend to, and again I thought nothing of it. We were both not in our right minds and I brushed it off. This next camping trip started off pretty much the same. First day we set up camp and stayed mostly sober (just a bit of drinking at the end when everything was all said and done), stayed up late into the night watching the stars and talking about life and shit. Y'know camping stuff. Second day after we had both gotten used to the surroundings we whipped out the weed and lsd. Dropped back the tabs, lit up a couple blunts, had a grand time. Then he asks if I want some water, I say yeah cause the cottonmouth was killing me and I was sweating like a beast from the heat and drugs. I stand up to get some and he's like, nah man take a seat I'll grab you some. Thinking nothing of it, I sit back and enjoy the glory of nature. He comes back with the water after what feels like forever and hands it to me already opened. I remember noticing that the water tasted weird, and not much after that. I blacked out completely. I woke up the next morning in fucking horrible pain. Like my entire body, but specifically my genitals and buttocks. My testicles hurt like someone had used them for a punching bag. While not bloody, my rectum felt like someone shoved a lead pipe into me repeatedly. I questioned him, asking if we had sex or something last night. He said no, why would I think that. I said nevermind I just feel like hell and I don't remember a damned thing. My body knew what had happened, but my brain didn't recognize it yet because I had never experienced something like this before. I had horrible vivid nightmares about being tied face down on my bed and used. Everytime I hung out with him after this I felt disgusted and nauseous, and just wanted to get the fuck out of there. My memory slowly started to come back to me through flashbacks and dreams. The phrase "I'm only curious" kept repeating through everything. I started to piece everything together, but I didn't want to believe any of it. I couldn't accept that this person that I had called my friend, my brother, could do something like this to me. That he would throw away everything we had built up over the years to use me like an object and discard me after he sated his desires. But it happened. I've slipped back down into a depression that I have never felt before. I started cutting my thighs again. I'm constantly afraid and anxious. I can't sleep. I see him everywhere I go, so I stopped going out. I hear him in the bathroom while I'm showering, so I stopped showering until my roommate told me that I smelled and needed to get clean like ASAP. I haven't stopped going to classes though. I need to stay in college and away from my parents, so I cannot jeopardize that. My girlfriend and my friends have noticed that I'm not the same. I want to be intimate with her, I can't because all I think about is what happened. She asked me yesterday what happened to me over the summer because I have not been the same since I got back to college. I broke down and told her everything. She's been nothing but supportive, thank christ. She has also been assaulted, but that's not my story to tell. But despite having someone to confide in who understands from experience at least part of what I'm going through, I still feel hopelessly alone. I haven't told anyone else, but I don't know if I can. I can't go to the cops because it'd be my word against his, and I wouldn't be the most reliable of testimony because I break down completely whenever I try to tell someone face to face what happened. I can't take this anymore. The lack of sleep is driving me insane. The flashbacks are driving me insane. The nightmares are driving me insane. The impotency is driving me insane. I can feel myself breaking down mentally. Like shards of a broken mirror falling out of place. I don't want to die but I just want it all to stop. I want to feel good again. I don't want to keep feeling violated and disgusted and self-loathing. But all this isn't even the worst. The worst of all is knowing that he is going to get away with it. No one is going to believe that a soon-to-be Naval nuclear engineer in a committed straight relationship would drug and rape his best friend on a camping trip. At least no one that could hold him responsible for what he's done to me. I feel so powerless. I feel like I could have prevented all of this by not dabbling in drugs. No, I know that if I had never smoked weed none of this would have happened. I don't know what to do. I know I need help. I know I can't keep living like this. But I don't know what to do. Can anyone help me, please?
So, when I was about 18, maybe 19(I'm 23 now), I went to a party with a girl(I am also a female). I got pretty drunk and she was pretty far gone too. We went up to go to sleep, in the same bed, of course. And seeing as I had a huge crush on her, it seemed to be a good thing.We laid together, all cuddled up and eventually she started trying to touch my chest area after I told her no. Then she started touching my thighs which I was also not really okay with. She left the room to use the restroom. When she came back she got more aggressive. She climbed on top of me and started kissing me and even left a hickey on my neck. She laid down beside me and put her hand inside my underwear and began touching my vagina. Even though I said no.My dilemma comes in now. It's been 5 years or so and for the past year, give or take, while I felt pretty okay about it at the time(I felt halfway excited because I had never been touched that way before) now I don't feel that way. And now that I'm older and have a better understanding of assault and rape, I can't help feeling like I was assaulted. And I feel like I shouldn't feel that way sometimes. Like its not okay to have changed how I feel about the situationAnyone else feel the same way? Any thoughts?Thanks a bunch.
Hi. Today I reached this sub, I posted it in /r/MenGetRapedToo but it doesn't have so much attention.I want to get off of my chest this.I had a friend (24F) that I lost touch, i knew that she was attracted to me before and I cut it off because of this and because she was in drugs and kinda stalking me. But she was my best friends years ago and when she contacted me because she got nobody who could help her or talk to her, she quit drugs and was dealing with depression. I was in in a relationship of 3 years at the moment and I knew that my gf didn't like her because of the things I told her, this friend is good at manipulating and I ended feeling guilt and agreed to met, she said she wanted to give me a few things that she kept from when we're friends in highschool. we got in her apartment and she insisted that we have to share a drink, she filled my glass and kept saying "Hey you can't leave me drinking alone, don't you?" and I DON'T REALLY KNOW why i drink, I think this couldn't happen if I was drunk and i hate myself for that. She kept filling my glass and convincing me to drink even if I said that I didn't want it and i'd have to go soon. She dragged me to her bedroom and I said to her that I have a gf and if I was single it could be different but it wasn't, she said she have a bf too so isn't so bad, I refused every time but she kept telling me that we had something unfinished and she wont leave me alone until "i fucked her" and "it's gonna be some one time and then i vanish from your life" and a lot of things that i don't really remember. at this time she was in underwear and on top of me, with a transparent bra and forced me to touch her boobs. She wanted to kiss me but i refused, and she kept telling me that i won't leave and she wont leave me alone until i fuck** her. I was so tired, so numb that I agreed and drinked all "bottoms up" and she undressed me and started to practicing me oral sex, then she tried to put my penis inside of her but it was kinda flaccid so I wanted to end this shit right away so I got down on her (because i get arousal of this and supposed  that would make me hard) and i piv her, cummed. In the middle she kept telling things like "we are meant to each other" and talked about the time when my mother died (she wasn't there or anything) And that was like a really creepy moment. I started to dress and she insisted that I have to sleep in her apartment and I refuse and I said that I hate her and I wish that she blew her head off and left. in the street I started crying and i was numb than ever, blaming me for all,  thinking in my beloved gf. I didn't told my gf, i know she wouldn't believe me. I was in pain for months!This girl kept send me messages and trying to manipulate me, saying that "I'm awesome fucking" and that "I used her", and I seduced her, and that she'd kill herself i stopped talking to her, this was a few weeks until i blocked her of every social media and phone. fastforward I was like a worse boyfriend, didn't give her much affection and thought of breaking up because I felt like I cheated on her and i didn't deserved her love. She ended up feeling something by a coworker and ended up kissing him (one time, please don't start saying things of her, or something like she lied to me or something, please it's not the topic). She told me the same day and we cried, when I was so angry i thought the relationship was over so I confessed this, and she told me that I "can't blame the alcohol" and if i didn't wanted why I was hard? I don't want to blame her because society made this thought of this kind of rape, but I ended up thinking that I was shitty boyfriend, we tried to make the relationship again, but she and I was always thinking of me as a cheater. I processed this recently that I could be actually raped.I'm confused, sorry for the long post. 
Just so you know, this won't be one of those posts where the victim blames themselves for "making them angry" or "drinking too much", I really think this was karma - it's almost ironic. I know no one'll read this but I just need to say it, even if it's anonymously on the Internet.Sorry if I write a lot but I am just hurting right now.When I (F) was 13 I met this 17 year old (M) online, and we lived very far apart (different countries). We met on a gaming forum; he pushed for my Skype, so I accepted. Let's look at 13-year-old me: boy-short hair that didn't suit me one bit; clunky rectangular glasses; spots and no make up. I had severe anxiety, depression, OCD and literally no friends. I spent all evenings alone. My only friend used to be my counsellor, but we had to terminate that - they couldn't fund it any longer.So I really jumped at the attention. I loved it at the beginning. But here's the horrible, sick thing I did: Pete (fake name), within at least the first week, suddenly began to spout off about a girlfriend he used to have who killed herself, how he was beaten by his parents, that his ex girlfriend raped him etc etc. These were all lies and I knew it straight away. His 'dead girlfriend' magically adapted to my questions. He did later admit this was all fake. This really pissed me off; a) I highly suspected he was lying and thought it was plain wrong and b) You just don't spring that stuff onto someone you've just met anyway. It was weird. Furthermore, Pete said he really liked 'damaged girls' - he was attracted to people with emotional problems. Said he'd love to 'hug someone whilst they shook and cried'.I lied to him that I was raped when I was little. I regretted it the second I said it and have done so to this day. I can't justify it; I can pretend it was to get back at him, that his lies annoyed me, that I had intended to stop talking soon after and reveal it was a 'joke', that I was a really messed up girl back then and just wanted him to like me. But I can't excuse what I said. And I can't excuse the fact that I pretended this lie happened the entire 10 months or so we were 'together'. It sickens me to think I did this but there, I finally said it. It's a long story of the gradual emotional abuse that occurred throughout the 'relationship' so I'll turn it into some 'highlights':Whenever I wanted to go, had doubts, was hurt by him and didn't talk to him, made him angry, tried to leave, he threatened to commit suicide. He'd tell me he rode to a cliff on his bike, or have one of his friends tell me they talked him down from a roof, whatever. I always blamed myself for this but I know I shouldn't have, not for this. I felt like his life was in my hands, he was my responsibility, and I was a monster for making him feel suicidal. I now know he did this to manipulate me and force me to stay with him.A lot of sexual stuff: keep in mind that at first he was 17 and I was 13, then soon after he was 18 and I was 14. This really hurts to even type but he got me to flash my breasts via webcam. I don't think he ever took any pictures. I hated it. I remember the first time so clearly: he kept telling me to do it. I kept refusing. He told me we were a couple and it wasn't 'sexual', it was just a 'joke'. I carried on refusing; he began to cry, say I didn't love him, got severely upset and hurt. I felt like a monster again. So I did it. Pretended it was a joke every other time. But I felt gross. He would show his penis a lot on his webcam. Talk about masturbating a lot. But again: it was all a 'joke', as much as it disgusted and scared me. I knew it was wrong.He'd tell me he didn't think I was beautiful, that he wanted a girl with long hair, but I should be grateful that he was dating me anyway.He talked a lot about taking my virginity. He was planning for us to meet one day. He told me he'd take my virginity in the bathroom, it would hurt and there'd be blood, but it was okay, he'd be gentle, and sex afterwards would be great. He pretended we were a 'not sex-obsessed couple' but all he talked about when thinking of meeting was taking my virginity. He loved my naivete, loved my innocence. He fed on it.So we met up. With my parents permission; they were dead against it at first. I didn't want to, I can tell you that right now. I was terrified. But when I raised the tiniest of doubts he would act horribly upset, suicidal, say I didn't love him. So I told my parents through my teeth I wanted him to come. They were unconvinced and said I seemed scared, but I lied and lied. They did it for my sake. Because I had no friends.He came for Christmas, for a week. I was no nervous on the first day I threw up twice. We almost missed the train for the airport and my dad said, "We won't meet him if you stay at home" but I said I didn't care, I didn't want to see him and it was true. But I still came and saw him. We hugged. He was 3" shorter than he said he was and stank of cologne.On the second day he kissed me on the lips. On the third day we were sat at our computers. He leaned over to me. His arm was outstretched. He took my trouser zipper and unzipped it; God, I remember that so vividly, the fear, the horror, the speechlessness. And he down at me, asked if it was okay. I was shaking. But I nodded. Why did I nod? That was the only time he asked for my 'permission'.He penetrated me with his fingers many times a day, every day. I hated hated hated it. I never said 'yes', but I never screamed, 'no'. I froze up, I let it happen, it made me feel so scared and sick and disgusting and I would cry myself to sleep at night. He'd wash his hands after and shake my dad's hand before he left.I remember one night I was so stressed out; I ate nothing that week. I couldn't eat, physically. I had about 2 hours of sleep, no food, and constant anxiety. I was terribly ill and got him to leave. The second he went back to his hotel I felt incredibly better. Until the next morning when he was there again.I'm still not sure if that's rape. I know it was statutory-something, at the very least, but I don't know. I was so scared he'd do what he said he would online but my parents made sure we only stayed in my bedroom. God knows what would have happened if I'd gone to his hotel. I just know that I never fought or said no, and I'd told that lie, and now I was getting my just desserts.He left. We continued to speak online. He was applying for a university place in my country. I was terrified. I tried not to show it - what if he hurt himself because of me? But the fear and panic only grew. And I had a hatred for him. A real hatred. We had nothing in common. I despised him so much and I couldn't lie to myself. He sat at home all day playing video games. He wanted to talk about Wolverine, or sex, or make autism jokes. He listened to dubstep and wallowed in self-pity. I hated him. One day, I had enough. I disappeared offline. It was the best day of my life. We spent literally every day together - those 24+ hours alone were heaven. So I knew it had to end. He told me he'd absolutely kill himself when I broke up with him. I told him, please, understand. I gave him the pettiest reasons; told him he was too old, I wanted different things, but I didn't have the courage to confront him about the things he did. I think he genuinely believes he was good to me. I think he thinks that nothing that happened in that bedroom as wrong; maybe it was what I deserved but still not right.For days I was a nervous wreck wracked by guilt and panic. I genuinely thought he'd kill himself; I was destroying myself with self-hatred. Just as I was about to cave in, he messaged me. He messaged me a very, very long message. Filled with hatred and anger. He told me I disgusted him, that I was abusive to him, that I manipulated him, I was a stupid and worthless (a lot of name calling), that I'd taken up a year of his life.I lashed out. I really lashed out. My second biggest regret. I pretended to be a random girl online and messaged him. I spoke to him on Skype and hinted that it was me; he caught on. Attacked me. I attacked him. I wanted to scare him, I wanted to make sure he'd never try to hurt me again - I told him I was going to go to the police about "what happened in that bedroom". That's all I said - "what happened in that bedroom". He immediately said we didn't have sex. Then he said he was sending screenshots to my parents.And he did. My parents yelled me down. That was the worst night of my life. He said I had falsely accused him of rape. Even if it was rape, which I still don't know, I hadn't even done that. He inferred that himself. He told them all the secrets I'd told him. My parents thought I was a monster. And I was terrified. What if he really did do nothing wrong? They told me they were serious allegations. They asked me what he did. And I defended him. I said nothing happened, I was lying, he was right, it was my fault. They banned me from the Internet for months. We didn't speak for weeks. I spent every night lying in bed - dinner in silence, then I'd try and sleep but never could until about 3AM.I'm 16 now. My parents and I are fine. We never speak of it. I filled my old diaries that had his name in it with ink and ripped them to shreds. I deleted every conversation we ever had and deleted every account I had talked to him on. He probably did the same. He never stopped telling people how he was once in an abusive relationship; how he had a psycho ex who falsely accused him of rape. Everything he's said to make me doubt myself has hurt me so much, but I know that everything I've said is true no matter what he says. I don't have nightmares, I don't cry about it anymore, but a day hasn't passed where I haven't thought about it.I did some terrible, sick stuff. Told awful lies. And I guess any outsider would say I was some nymphette who seduced him and went psycho on him. Or maybe I was 'groomed' online, but he was 17 when we met.I just wanted to talk about it. I never have. It hurts so much and I'm deeply ashamed. I doubt anyone's read this full-length novel but thanks. It's good to know someone knows. It was so good to type this.
I'm really not sure if this counts because it was my own decision to hook up with this guy, I never actually told him to stop doing anything sexual more than twice before he did (though I did ask him to stop biting and he refused), and it wasn't this terrible scarring experience.Nearly a year ago, I had a one night stand with a guy (though we didn't get past 3rd base). He went down on me and kept biting. Like, the kind of biting that actually really hurt and didn't feel good at all. Over the course of around 20 minutes, I kept asking him to stop biting me, first politely and then more forcefully, but he completely ignored me and kept on going anyway. Eventually, he stopped and asked where I kept my condoms, but I said that I didn't want to have sex with him. He went into the other room and asked his friend for one anyway, though his friend didn't have any. When he got back, he insisted that we have sex without it and I was pretty adamant about not doing that so we didn't. He kissed me and started biting again, like actually biting (not leaving hickeys on) my neck. I said something along the lines of "dude, I told you to stop doing that. We're not doing this anymore if you keep biting me," but he kept kissing/biting me. I didn't push him away or anything, but I did tell him that if he didn't stop I was done and he still kept doing it. He then pushed me down and told me to blow him. I never said no, but I wanted it to be over, it wasn't THAT big a deal, and I didn't know how to remove myself from the situation, so I blew him as quickly as I could and said we were over. Just as I was leaving, he was like "oh no, you're not" and tried to touch me some more, but honestly it still hurt from before so I asked him to stop and when he didn't I pushed him away and said "no" more forcefully and this time he did. I was a little confused about the whole experience afterwards so I kinda framed it as a joke and made fun of my bad sexual experience with some friends but hated myself a little for not just shutting down the whole thing like I could've. I just kept it as a joke for a few months every time it came up. I knew there was something wrong with the situation of course, but ever since, it just never crossed my mind to be mad at the guy for anything but being bad at sex, I was just mad at myself for making bad decisions. The whole reason I had a one night stand in the first place(the only one I've ever had) was because one of my close friends was in the hospital after trying to kill himself and I was miserable and had a bit to drink and this guy just happened to be over at my house with a group of my brother's friends (though my brother didn't know the guy well).I didn't ask him to stop anything sexual, but I did ask him to stop biting, which he didn't. Afterwards, i was covered in bite marks, bruises, and it was really swollen down there. When it happened, I just thought it was a bad sexual experience and nothing more until someone pointed out to me that maybe it counts as sexual assault. I'm not sure what to think. It's definitely a shitty experience that I avoid talking about, but it wasn't particularly mentally scarring or anything. It didn't leave much of an impact on me in the long run. What do you guys think?
So forgive my vagueness. This was really traumatizing and I am very paranoid even though this is my throwaway account. Sorry for the length as well. About five years ago my high school sweetheart and I broke up and I was super distraught because he was my first and only everything. I was in a young and stupid state so I started messing around with an older (by like four years) friend and we eventually started dating. He was pretty popular in our community and everybody loved him because he was a nice guy and the life of the party, (popularity wasn't why I was with him--he gave me attention, I was naive and lonely, etc).About two weeks into our relationship during one night he wouldn't leave me alone and tried to initiate sex. I really was depressed and not feeling t and he kept guilt tripping me and I eventually caved and in the middle of it I kind of snapped and decided against and I started saying no but he pushed me down and pretended not to hear. I went completely catatonic and he asked me if I were okay and I immediately went into the bathroom and couldn't stop shaking. I couldn't process what happened right then because it never happened to me before so I insisted I stay in the bathroom and he seemed concerned.The next week I was distant from him and felt depressed and I broke it off. It took me a good three months afterwards to fully understand what happened to me and I told our mutual friends what happened. One replied "some of his ex girlfriends told me that happened to them but I thought they were just sluts". I quickly broke off ties with that group because they continued being friends with him afterwards.I would always see him randomly places throughout the next several years. I seldom told people what happened between us because it was really embarrassing and I wanted it to go away and I thought avoiding it would help. It was stupid of me to not go to the police about it but I was just clueless. I had to go to therapy to deal with how disgusted I was with myself and to learn to value myself more.Jump forward to a year ago, I get a message from him accusing me of making up lies about him being a rapist. It was like my life unraveled before me and I couldn't breathe. I'm not really good with confrontation anyways, but come to find out somebody who o confided into who I thought was my best friend was trying to earn SJW points and was blabbing my story to everybody. It was awful. It came back to him.I told him exactly what happened. I told him I said no. He then apologized and said he had no idea and etc. he then asked me to not mention it to anyone, after he and I made awkward small talk. I told him I seldom tell people. We agreed to not talk to each other in public.I have to admit, afterwards I felt relief about the situation because it was confronted. But when I scroll through Facebook and see him posing with every person I know it hurts. And it makes me physically ill. I see him out in public. I still live in fear he will approach me. This is the only person I am like this with. I have spent years questioning my own sanity and validity of the situation. I have been shamed for confiding. I have been shamed for not outing him in case he does this to other women. I don't seek attention and I know this is just going to keep happening. He squeezes himself into every social circle.I guess I'm not entirely sure what I need advice on or what I need to do to move on from here. I don't know if anybody else has experienced this, and your stories and thoughts would be as equal comfort to me as anything.TL;DR: My abuser walks among my friends and I don't know how to deal with it by still remaining anonymous. If I whistleblow he will knownits me and I'm scared of confrontation- again.
To be straight forward, all I'm looking for is validation. It almost seems stupid to have to ask for it. The first time, I was in xanax and he was on either hydro or oxy. I had a meltdown on the xanax (strangely) and he used that moment to rape me. So that was when I had just turned 19. Not even 2 weeks after. But, after the whole sexual assault, I got a kit. A friend went with me. A month later she texted me a 21 page text telling me I was making it up. To not go after him since he was innocent and I was lying. She attacked my story, my personality, and the fact that I wasn't a good feminist. I would never have friends or people who loved me. I think the worst part of that text is when she told me that she had told a bunch of people that I was a liar, and some of these women were my friends, and they all believed her.I will tell you right now, that's extremely traumatizing after an incident like that.Two days later, I was raped by a childhood friend.I didn't say anything, not even to my therapist, about it for 5 months. It took me over a year to deal with it. I was very drunk and browning out. Every time I came to, I asked him to stop. He never did.Then two months ago I was raped again. I was asleep in my own bed. The validation I need is the fact that none of these were violent. I was never held down. I never screamed. I don't really ever feel validated. Because I don't identify with those who have never been sexually assault but those who have, my situation has always been not as awful as theirs, therefore I don't feel validated. I don't feel like I fit in. I don't think I do. I'm this person who wonders around with no one to hold my hand and tell me I'm okay.I do have a trauma therapist. I don't talk about this to her or anyone. I don't want to. I have no desire to. Because I feel embarrassed to. I have all these conflicting thoughts in my head that it didn't happen and if it did it's a joke. I can't even begin to explain how awful this feeling is to have my body at war with my head.
I was raped by another girl at age 7, she was 13 at the time. I recently started thinking about it again, regretting never telling my Mother or FatherI told them about the year prior to this, where a boy touched me, i just didn't want to think about any of it again.I have kept it a secret all this time, until i told my mother a month ago, and i just told my father.I felt i needed to, it's caused me to treat people poorly, being angry at the world, and mostly myself.Words can not describe how much better i feel, like this huge weight I've been carrying around for years is suddenly gone. Like i'm finally free, and i can move on.My father gave me a hug, told me he loved me and he's sorry this happened.Please, don't be afraid to tell the people you love, and who love you. I know everyone's circumstances are different, but i hope you can find the courage within yourself to seek help, professional or not.
I don't even know how to process this. I've only just managed to get out of bed and have a wash and it was over 48 hours ago. What do I do? I feel like no one will believe me.
My uncle molested me for 6 months when I was 15, when he tried to rape me unsuccessfully for the umpteenth time, I had finally had enough and reported him and he went to prison for 3 years.  I moved to another state in 2010 to get away from my parents. My father was very abusive growing up, and as soon as I had an out, I left home and never went back.  My relationship with my parents improved over the 6 years I've been gone. I decided this year that I would go back to see them because it's been so long.  I bought the ticket. We had discussed the possibility of me visiting them in December, and, finally having enough money to see them, I decided to buy the ticket.I call them up really happy and excited to finally see my family (parents, grandmother, sister, cousins, etc), and my dad tells me, "oh, by the way, I let my brother live with us." I asked which one, afraid of the answer, and sure enough, they've let my sexual predator of an uncle live with them.I'm so devastated and feel absolutely betrayed. I don't know what to do. I can't believe this is happening.They tell me it's because he's a born again Christian and has changed his ways, but this guy just got out of prison this month after spending 2 years there for possession of drugs and attacking someone with a knife.  He got out for good behavior.  My parents are super religious, and they're big believers in forgiveness, but this... This is too much.I know know know it's because he's paying them money to live with them. My parents are both on disability, but live beyond their means and are addicted to prescription opioids.  They used to steal from me and my sister and threaten to throw us out if we didn't give them money. They'll pretend to be in more pain than they are, and get even more drugs than they need, and then sell the excess to support their extravagant lifestyle.I'm mad that they haven't changed since I left, and they misled me into thinking they had, and that I believed them. I'm devastated that they would let someone who hurt me so badly live with them.  I tried to kill myself 3 months later at 15 because of all the pain and because of the way my family treated me afterwards.  I just can't even deal right now. TL;DR: parents let my piece of shit uncle who sexually assaulted me live with them because he's a born again Christian but didn't tell me about it until after I had bought a ticket to go see them. How should I proceed from here?
Hi, I'm an 18 year old gay male and a few nights ago I went out to a few clubs with a large group of people I'd met at uni until really early in the morning and I was drinking quite heavily. I ran into some old guy friends from college and we all decided to go clubbing together.After a few hours in this club on the seafront of my city I saw the time and remembered I was going out with my boyfriend the next day so I should probably leave.I texted my boyfriend the whole time but as soon as he found out I was walking home he insisted on transferring me some money so I could order a taxi. I went to a nearby pub so the taxi would have a place to pick me up. But before I called them this man came up to me and started speaking in a very strong European accent that made me have to ask him to repeat himself because I couldn't understand. He asked what my name was and I thought he was just being polite until he asked my age and I told him I was 18, and he jumped straight to asking, "ah good! are you gay?" followed by "we going to have sex". I told him I had a boyfriend waiting for me so I needed to go. his eyes widened and he said "ah you gay! I have big dick".I was so scared and pissed off that I carried on walking down the road just to get away from him faster than having to wait for a taxi, but he carried running to me and then started trying to hold me or touch me or grab me or pull down my trousers. I turned around and noticed a car had been silently following us down the road and was getting closer and closer to us. Suddenly the man tried to hold me and get me in this car that was now right behind me.Then from a few hundred feet behind me I heard "oh my god is that jay?" my old college guy friends I saw that night, by some miracle, had left just after I did and realised I was in trouble. As soon as I heard their voices I pushed the man off me and ran to them and started crying trying to explain what was happening. One of the guys walked me home while the other two started yelling at the guy and trying to get him to back off. He pushed past them and started running after me shouting something- but then the car pulled up and he jumped in and they drove off after following us down the road for a few yards. The guys walked me all the way home and made sure I was okay. As soon as I got home I broke down and cried for hours.--I can't help but think about what would have happened if my friends weren't out that night, or if they didn't walk the same way I did. My boyfriend knows what happened and is being amazingly supportive and trying to make me feel safe, but honestly I'm too scared to go outside now - and I have to walk that same route home from university at night most of next week and I don't know what to do. Ever since then I've just felt scared and sick. How can I get over what happened?
TL;DR Me [22M] and my friend [22F] are quite romantically interested in one another but aren't together because of distance. She still talks to her rapist-cheating-ex-boyfriend for emotional support but can't bring herself to totally cut him out of her life. What do I say to her?Me [22M] and my friend [22F] are romantically interested in one another, but because of distance, we aren't together yet, but we still talk, are monogamous, and visit as any typical long distance SOs would.Her ex-boyfriend, who she's very close with (she's shared more with him than anyone), wants her to come visit him. In ordinary circumstances, that makes total sense if she ended things civilly and if they're still friends. However, there are two things that, in my mind, make this very not OK, literally the two worst things I can imagine you can do to a person, short of murdering their family:-When they were together, he cheated on her, and she ended their relationship.-Afterwards, when they were still hooking up on a FWB basis, he raped her, him denying it ever happened because "he doesn't remember that night".She's not a very confrontational person, really doesn't like hurting other people's feelings, and only shares personal stuff with very few people, so this is difficult for her. She can relate to him unlike anyone else because he knows so much about her. She doesn't want to lose this huge emotional asset he is and wants to be platonic friends with him, but he's still trying to get back together with her (despite her rejections).I told her she should cut the cord and totally remove him from her life (for above stated reasons), but she desperately wants to hang on in the circumstance that he stops pursuing her and they can be platonic friends.I talk to her as a friend rather than a potential romantic partner more than anything about this, but she very rightly said that I have some sort of bias in giving her advice in this scenario, which is true. But at the same time, bias or not, this all seems very messed up. I fear for her safety if she goes and visits him and she understands that and will probably heed my advice then, but I still don't think that solves the problem.As someone who's romantically interested in her, I find it difficult to justify my saying: "Don't rely on him as an emotional asset, open up to me instead." I totally get that's not how it works and that I shouldn't say that. But I fear if I allude to that she can rely on me instead of him that she might think I am taking advantage of the situation.So my question is how do I counsel her so that she makes the right and safe choice? What's my avenue of approach?
My ex "boyfriend" used to guilt me into having sex with him, even when I was crying he would get mad at me for making him feel like he's forcing me. Example of one situation: I was a broke university student and one night he asked me to cab to his place which was like a $60 cab ride that he said he would pay me back for. Once I got there I was exhausted and he went to go take a shower and when he came back he put his dick in my face and I said I was too tired, then he said fine but I'm not paying you back for the cab then... So I had to had sex with him although I didn't want to...which made me enrage.I was emotionally battered by it all and I always felt like a sex slave because thats all I was used for. We ended it after I called the police for physical assault.Fast forewardLast summer I went on a date with a guy and I took a xanax while drinking (yes, stupid I know). I passed out and woke up naked. I have no recollection of what happened. Honestly I was shocked but I had sex with him in the morning (consensual) because of my past I felt like I had to. He used a condom in the morning but admitted he didn't use one the night before..he told me this after which made me feel sick. I took plan B and got tested (I'm clear), however, I didn't speak to him after that and I haven't had sex since because the thought of being physical with anyone just makes me feel uncomfortable. I don't even know if any of this is considered rape because my lines are so blurred...I guess I just wanted some sort of clarification on the matter.
My post:https://www.reddit.com/r/FeministsWithHumor/comments/56q13y/rape_faq/I started this because sometimes I get a question that I've already gone over a dozen times (I really don't mind it much, but I like doing things efficiently, haha).I hope it will help others too, with the common questions (and maybe some odd ones) that we get asked, or have ourselves.I would appreciate feedback.Thanks!
This is really weird to be posting because I feel like as a Greek I am literally not allowed to talk about this to anyone... but I need to tell someone and I don't even feel comfortable going to campus counseling or telling any of my sisters. I drunkenly told one of them right after it happened so she already knew, and we just talked about it which is why I'm writing this now. Saying it out loud really hit me and now I need to cope with this and I can't tell anyone else. I'm terrified that she's going to go to someone and be like "Stephanie is saying she got raped at (insert frat house who is like best friends with our sorority)!" and I would get kicked out right there for accusing one of those guys of that. I'm a freshman in college and I have maybe one girlfriend on campus that's not in a sorority... and she comes to Greek parties. I can't risk people finding out. I understand that this story is pretty undetailed because I'm just like terrified for some reason that somehow people will find out this is me. So sorry if it seems like I'm not putting details in.Anyways, I was at a frat party. It was an event between our sorority and theirs, and I've known basically all of the guys in this house for weeks. One of them, we'll call him Steve, I've been around almost every day for most of this time because of Greek involvement and my participation in an activity. At this party, just like every other party, I had frat guys and even my own sisters encouraging me to drink to the point where it's like getting alcohol poured down your throat. Not just beer, but straight shots of hard liquor like vodka and tequila. Mixing them. Drinking beer while taking shots. It's a lot, but we are a top sorority on campus and they're a top fraternity. It's hard to understand this system until you're in it, but we look good based on if we can get top frats to invite us back and want to partner with us for events. We have to look hot, all the time, and we are expected as freshman new members of our sorority to go out to every single party that we're invited to. They want us to be fun and make the boys love us. They say it in more subtle ways, but to us the message is clear: you need to go out, look good, seem fun and make sure the boys have fun, and keep our house looking good. So I was very drunk at this point and completely blacked out. I woke up on the couch in a public area of the frat house in the early morning hours. I was wearing my clothes except my shirt. In its place was a guy's hoodie I had never seen before, just a plain zip up sweater. I don't remember a single detail except this: One of the older girls walking up to me and saying "Are you on birth control? Steve needs to know." I said yes and walked away. I think I was like in shock or something that she felt the need to ask because I didn't remember having sex with anyone. Don't even remember kissing anyone, being in anyone's room, etc. I woke up to a message on social media from Steve saying "are you on birth control?" I confirmed that I was and told him I took it and that was the end of it. He had sex with me. I remember seeing him around all night and I sort of remember sitting on a couch in someone's room with him and a bunch of other people and I think they might've all just got up and left me there... People told me the next day that I was so drunk I couldn't walk. I asked around a couple days later to see who's hoodie it was and one of the guys said "oh yeah, I put that on you. You lost your shirt." I couldn't find my shirt or even put a hoodie on myself apparently... that's how drunk I was. Fast forward about a week and I'm at yet another of these parties. The older girls came up to me, two of them, and gave me this long lecture about how "they knew about Steve" and they know EVERYTHING I do and everything that we do. They said I needed to not make our house look bad and implied pretty obviously that I was at risk of getting kicked out. They told me to "have some self respect" and things like that. This went on for like 15 minutes at least. I was a little drunk but like not so much that I was blacked out of course (more on that later). I told them when they said "we know about Steve" I was like "oh my god I'm so sorry, I don't remember anything or doing it but I'm really sorry" and they said to "take responsibility for what you do". I think I obviously knew right after this happened that it was rape but there's this attitude that we just don't talk about it. You blacked. Whatever it's normal. But these girls confronting me and making me feel bad literally was a slap in the face and woke me up: I'm being told to take responsibility for my own rape. Because that's what it was, right? I just like needed to tell someone. I don't know what to do with myself. I feel like I'll probably just cope by drinking more which is what I have been doing. We (the younger girls) have been sent out to party with this frat literally every night since it happened so obviously alcohol is plentiful and it's there anyways so I feel like I have no choice but to just drink about it and try to forget. I don't know what I'm looking for with this post, I guess just support? It feels fucked up to say that because I feel like I can't call myself a rape victim. I don't remember being held down or something but like... this really fucked up thing happened to me. Idk. Sorry this post is so long and rambling, I just hope someone reads it. 
I've been blaming it on my birth control for years but I switched about 6 months ago and can no longer pretend that's the reason. I get aroused, I get turned on. And my poor SO does just about everything he can. What's wrong with me? Why can't I just be over this? I feel like I am. My mind says I am. My body disagrees. What do I do?
I was raped two years ago [22 M] and sought help last year shortly after I met my boyfriend. I made progress and was finally able to have my real first time with him. But usually when we try having sex, I get too tense when I experience pain, freaked out because of the pain and have flashbacks, or I get angry with myself for not being able to have sex without these problems. How were you able to move on from the rape and open yourself up to having sex with the person you love without having these issues?
Backstory: I was raped two and a half years ago by a coworker/friend of a friend (20sM). Long story short I was drunk, he walked me home, I passed out on the bathroom floor, I woke up to it happening. I filed a report, did a kit, pressed charges, testified, moved to a new town.Ever since then I've had issues sleeping, but I went to counselling and worked on it and it had gotten manageable. I've also struggled with depression and anxiety since long before this happened.Fast forward to present day: am in a long term committed relationship with my partner (20sM) who is well aware of the situation (flew across the country with me to go to court when I took that fucker's ass to trial) and have recently started a new job at a well respected establishment in the field I went to school for but has one major downside - shift work. I legit work midnight to 8am every night.This of course is cause for sleep depravation in and of itself, but recently I went for a routine pap and it ended up triggering me pretty bad. Ever since then I've been having really bad flashbacks to the night it happened, and every time I close my eyes it's like it's happening all over again. It feels like it did back when it first happened, like I don't want to fall asleep because I'm afraid of what I'll wake up to.This is causing some pretty big problems at work and at home. I'm exhausted all the time because I haven't done more than nap on and off for 2-3 hours a night (or day, because thats when I get the chance to sleep) and my performance at work is suffering. It's also making me feel just awful and I have a headache and feel sick to my stomach basically 24/7. I've lost quite a bit of weight over a pretty short time period too.As much as I tell my partner what's going on and he's incredibly supportive, it's gotten harder to talk to him about this part of it. This is all coinciding with a spiral into a pretty bad depressive episode, and we've spent a lot of time dealing with that lately. It's gotten hard for me to differentiate and explain to him how this part of it is something else.This also coupled with the fact that I feel extremely guilty for taking up so much of his time with my mental illness that I dont want to add yet another thing to the pile of reasons why he's going to come home to me being in a "bad mood" (my words not his). He is also having to deal with a lot of shit with his work right now and is regularly pulling 10-12 hour days, so it's hard when I feel like I'm complaining  to someone who has it worse. At least when I go to work it's only for 8 hours.TLDR: I don't know how to explain to my bosses that the reason I'm doing poorly at work is because I can't sleep because of flashbacks to my assault.I'm also struggling to find ways to bring this up to my partner with whom I have so far been very open and communicative with, especially since it's been going on for a few weeks now and it feels like I'm hiding something from him.
The original posts/backstory are [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/rape/comments/561l8w/my_ex_doesnt_believe_that_i_was_raped_need_advice/)So, after everything that happened, I went to the hospital for 9 days. Psych. They increased my meds to 30mg of Prozac and some other shit to sleep. I got diagnosed with PTSD as well, which was a huge surprise.I feel so much stronger. The doctors and therapists at the hospital were so supportive and they all helped me absolve the guilt I felt within. I felt like I was raped because I was responsible for it. I felt like everything was my fault.I realize  now that my reaction wasn't wrong or irrational. I have issues dissociating in certain situations. I finally learned how to cope with Borderline personality disorder in a more healthy way.What really confuses me though, is that my ex is talking to my best friend, Rachel. He told Rachel that he still loves me, that he's depressed, etc. He called her last night and texted her crying, crazy upset. Is it wrong that I feel good that he's suffering? I miss him so fucking much, don't get me wrong. I still love him. I know if he wants to make things right, I'll welcome him with open arms. At the same time that I want to move on and just forget everything, I can't. I feel great about myself in the sense that I got to talk about a lot of repressed memories and experiences. I feel like I cleared my conscience.Part of me wants my ex back so badly that I want to hope he will apologize. From what he tells my friend Rachel, we'll probably end up finding our way back to each other after some time. And I'd be so happy with that, even if things went wrong before, it wouldn't hurt to try again. Sometimes, it's worth taking a risk.I also decided to go to a drug program so I can finally quit doing coke (mainly coke, but xanax as well) and drinking.I feel like I'm accomplishing a lot here, but my ex is what hurts me so fucking badly. Is it wrong to want him back?
  I'm note entirely sure what I'm looking for here. Advice, suggestions, maybe anyone that can share a similar story. I'll take what I can get, honestly.    It happened four years ago, in the spring. I was on a week-long trip to a Spanish coastal town with a university sport team I was on at the time. I enjoyed it for the most part, and I drank a lot. I had a problem with alcohol at the time, and drank too much. Given that everyone drank too much that week, though, it didn't matter too much.    On the final night of the trip, I got exceedingly drunk, I think. I don't remember much of it. I was prone to leaving my group when drunk and having a good night with temporary friends, and so I imagine that that is what I did, and that nobody missed me. I went to the bar with my team and had a few drinks, then it gets hazy.    I vaguely remember walking through the town at some point, being lost. And I remember a man, a local, with a smile. I believed that he was offering me cannabis, but I don't know why I believed this, or remember any conversation. Something tells me that if I was raped, this was who by, but I do not know why. I do not know the chronological order of these short memories.    And then I remember regaining consciousness. I was on a street somewhere, far enough from the main street to not be surrounded by revelers, but not miles away from it. I do not remember losing consciousness. I do not remember any pain, that one might have after sexual assault, or anyone being around me. But I remember a sudden, crushing realisation that I had been raped. I bounced between crying desperately, and calmly convincing myself that I must be mistaken, as I stumbled back to my hotel. This is a cycle that I have more-or-less adopted.    When I arrived at the hotel, I told some fellow English students that I believed I had not met before, what happened. They told me that I had met them before, at the bar I had first attended with my team (so this must have been before I left), and had been dancing with one of the men. I remember trying to ask for help, but they did not give it. They were drunk, but too a lesser extent than myself.    I was persuaded to go up to their room. I remember being on a bed with the man I was told I was dancing with. He fell asleep, and I lay there as the rest of them talked among themselves, I paid little attention and little was paid to me. I can't remember what I was thinking about.    After half an hour the man woke up, and escorted me into the room next door which was empty. I was not forced to go with him, but my mental state was in tatters. I remember kissing him, and touching him (I am gay), but not much more. I was desperate, sad as it sounds, for affection. After that, my memory cuts out a little bit once more, until I am packing in my own room the next morning.    On the ferry home the day after (the coach trip was over 24 hours through Europe), I coincidentally met one of the girls from the group I had met that night. She informed me, which she thought was funny, that me and the man had had sex.        The second encounter is not the point of me writing this post. I am aware that it was rape, and I am certain that it happened. But it is not what bothers me; I mention it only because it could be relevant to my response to the situation.    What bothers me is the not knowing that is involved with the first potential encounter. The feeling that I was raped was so devastating, I have never felt like it before or after. But I was very drunk, and I have no memory of it happening, or anything leading up to it. The man I remember might be completely unrelated, or a figment of my imagination. But I feel that if I don't know for sure, I can't process this.    I see a clinical psychologist weekly, for issues relating to depression that were present long before the event I have described. She is aware of the story and of my deep skepticism of it. She believes that, given that I have no history of inventing stories like this and nothing to gain from doing so, it could have happened and I might have blocked the event from my mind as a method of coping. However, given the probable vast amount of alcohol I had consumed, there is every chance I did not form memories of the event anyway.    And so here I am. Typing out a wall of text and hoping that a stranger will read it. What should I do? My chest hurts when I think about it. But my mind tells me to shut up, to stop thinking about it, that it never happened in the first place, whenever I try to process it. Has this happened to anyone, or does anyone know of this happening? I just want help, of any kind. And if you've read this whole damn thing, well, thank you.
I'll make this as brief as possible, as there is so much to the story. I can relate specific details in comments if asked.So, I hang with my best friends, who are all girls. Except for this one guy, we'll call him Bob. Everyone tolerates Bob's family, despite all their shit. (this is another entire story in itself) but to put it short and simple, the 16 and 15 year old's mother has been psychologically manipulated by Bob's mother since they were kids. Basically, she feels obligated to be friends with Bob's family. Bob clearly has mental issues much like his mother. He is a known pervert, and his sexual charge and fantasies (those of which he's told me) are terrifying. The girls' mother (Cathy) still allows him alone with them. My family has talked about this over and over. This is no joke, this is no game. He could snap at any time and likely rape one of the girls. I'm scared to death because they're my best friends and I love them to death. I know if he does it, I'll fucking snap. But I'm extremely scared for them and this mother is such a nitwit she'll refuse to accept Bob's family for how they really are. Please, reddit, I'm begging you. I need some advice or something. No one can stop Cathy from doing this, there's no convincing her. But Bob will do horrible things if he gets the chance, and I can't hardly bear the thought of it. I love my best friends so much and I can't imagine them dealing with this. It scares me. :(I'm invited out with them often so I can be there as a protection and a sort of buffer perhaps. And that's what I want to be there for. I can't not be around when that happens. I need to be there for them. I can't go on living with that on my mind if he ever did it.tl;dr: One of my best friends may be raped by a very mentally ill guy, and I'm scared for them. There's no changing the parents' minds and I'm keeping myself around them as often as possible. Please help. Please.
**Contains details of sexual assault**Hello all. I am a sophomore in college. Over the summer I was assaulted (maybe raped) and I am having very conflicted feelings about seeking counseling through my school's student service program. I am very emotionally reserved and have a tendency to ignore/put off my feelings all together, and so I'm not sure if counseling would be useful, because I don't know how open I would be able to be. I am considering meeting with a therapist because my feelings of anxiety and apathy (which are not unusual for me, but are more pronounced now) are causing me a lot of confusion which is impacting my relationships and academics. I think I would like some validation about how to interpret what actually happened to me, so I can know how to move forward. I am 20 year old female. Last summer, I developed a sexual relationship with a male friend I met then, age 24. I cut off having sex with him after he started to develop romantic feelings towards me. I was explicitly clear I did not want to be in a relationship. I left for school in fall, and came back over Christmas. I visited him and he mentioned starting up our sexual relationship again, but I told him I didn't think that was a good idea, and left it at that. The same day I fell asleep at his house during a movie and woke up because he was very aggressively and sexually rubbing from my throat to my breasts. I told him I didn't think that this was a good idea, again, and said that I had to leave. He groaned and said that was typical of me when I tried to get up, and at that point I agreed to have sex with him because I was ashamed and felt like I had something to prove(which makes me feel disgusting). I felt sad the whole time, which he commented on because I was noticeably upset, but did not ask if I agreed to continue. We had sex five times. Each time was worst than the last. I was miserable.I wasn't sure how to feel then. I thought that what had happened was unacceptable, but I said nothing. Our friendship thereafter was strained because I limited our interactions because being around him made me uncomfortable. He noticed this, and started arguing with me regularly, and would make me feel bad for ignoring him by bringing up how close we must have been since we had sex.This summer I stayed at his house again with my best friend (who is also friends with this person, who I haven't told about any of these incidents.) My best friend and I got drunk and fell asleep in his bed. Sometime during the night, he got into the bed (the previous agreed plan was that he would sleep elsewhere) and laid beside me. I woke up around 4 am to him rubbing my back, and could feel that he had an erection. I was not sure if I was having a very vivid dream because I was still drunk, or if someone was actually touching me. I fell asleep (for what must have only been 5 minutes) and woke up again to him pulling down my sleeping pants and underwear, and then penetrating me. I said nothing. I did not want to make any noise or say anything that might alarm my best friend because I did not want her to wake up to find two other people having sex in the same bed she was sleeping in. He stopped eventually, I don't know why. I left the bed and washed myself in his bathroom and when I came back he asked if I was ok, and I told him I didn't know. I went home immediately in the morning. Since that time, up until last week, I had maintained contact with him. I feel horrible. I feel very violated. I feel physically uncomfortable all the time. No amount of bathing and scrubbing can make me feel clean. I am ashamed and embarrassed. I feel like I have to hide myself physically and emotionally. I don't like undressing myself to change. I don't feel like I am allowed to like myself. Being in my body is not a good place to be right now. I feel all of these things, but mostly I feel stupid for letting someone else make me feel this way. For that reason, I am so hesitant to talk to someone else about it. I don't want to admit that someone else has made me feel so little, because I don't want to feel this way, and I have been able to get myself out of every other issue I have ever had. Why not this one? I don't know what I am looking for. Typing this makes me realize this is absolutely not ok. Thanks for reading.
So this is going to be a long post because I [M 24] feel like context is pretty important, there are a lot of moving parts. Tried to come up with an accurate but concise title, but had some difficulty thinking of one. Throwaway for pretty obvious reasons.***Everyone in this story is the same age, I'll try and be as efficient as possible so this isn't a 5 page novel. Junior year of highschool, I was in a really close knit group of 10 or so friends, with mixed boys and girls. The boys in this group were and still are very close, and at this age we would often spend the nights at each other's houses on the weekends, mostly at my house or a different friends. One of these friends (we'll call him Andrew),was a pretty popular kid in our social group (we were all in band). Very talented, very smart, very kind, but not overly attractive or anything. Never had a girlfriend, never really pursued any kind of romantic interest. Led some people to think he might possibly be gay, but no one really cared that much.***Andrew and I had been close friends since I moved to this town in 9th grade, along with the other boys in this group. Utmost trust, we all relied on each other. Anyways, one weekend we were all arranging a guys night at my house, but no one was able to do it besides Andrew. Whatever, we'll have a solo night. He came over, we played some video games, had fun. Sleep time comes, I have two twin beds in my room on opposite walls since I had people over so much, so he takes one, I take the other. They're maybe 10 or so feet apart. I remember waking up in the middle of the night to him crouching next to my bed. Stupid me thought he was like playing a prank on me or something. I was just like, "What are you doing dude?" kind of laughing. He went back into his bed, I went back to sleep. Didn't think much of it.***Andrew is kind of a needy guy. Loves attention, self assurance. Would constantly message me on Facebook (not just me, but me included) random things he thought I would like. I was appreciative but didn't always reciprocate. Things started to change at this point.***The group of guys wouldn't go over to my house as often but to a guy named Joseph. Joseph had a single second story room that was a game room, so after we stayed up playing video games, we would just crash on the floor with sleeping bags and blankets up there. Awesome setup. Following the weird incident at my house, I started noticing that whenever I would sleep over at Joesph with the guys, Andrew would...do stuff. This all gets pretty hazy to me for a few reasons.***Really late at night, like maybe at 3 in the morning, Andrew would wake up and touch me. It took many times of this happening spread over many weeks (because we'd have like one sleep over a week) to really realize what was happening. I would be half asleep, pretty unaware of what was happening, but I would feel something either on my penis or balls or butthole, depending on how I was sleeping. But by the time I would fully wake up, it was gone. But one time it wasn't, and I could make out Andrew's figure going back into his sleeping bag really quickly. I think I kind of denied it for a while, because I couldn't think that this would ever happen to me, especially by someone I trusted so much.***Now we're all probably 18 or so? And it's still happening, or he's trying to make it happen. But I catch on at this point, and I'm horrified at what's happening so I basically don't sleep when I go over to Joseph's. If I see him get up or start stirring, I'd pretend to wake up and check my phone or something so he'd know I was awake. But that feeling of complete dread consumed me. I really didn't know who to talk to about it or what to do...so it just kind of persisted for another year or so. It was strange, because in person at school he would act completely normal, like nothing happened. Almost like it wasn't the same person. I became a lot more distanced from him for obvious reasons, but I didn't let it show too much, although I'm sure he noticed. I would never text him back, message him back on Facebook if it wasn't a group message. I didn't want to get close to him.***We all graduated, and I was so happy because it meant he would be leaving for college. I was really hoping that after he was gone and away from me for a bit, it would all just disappear. I was wrong. :( All the guys came home for Christmas break, had our normal shindig at Joseph's. We stayed up too late, and I couldn't stay awake and fell asleep accidentally and it happened. I wanted to throw up when I woke up to him. I decided to talk to one of my friends, Austin, about it, who was arguably Andrew's closest friend from childhood. He was studying to be a social worker, so everything seemed right.***I told him everything. He was horrified and disgusted. It felt really good to have someone on my side finally, because I felt so weak and alone against this. He told me that we needed to do something before break ended and he left again. We decided that I would write a letter describing how I felt, and read it to him somewhere public and provide him with an ultimatum: you have to agree to end this and we need distance from you for a bit, or we'll excommunicate you from our friend group. If it continued to persist, we'd go to authorities, or something like that. We're 19 at this point I believe. ***I'm super anxious for meeting up with him, but early January we meet with him in a park with my letter. I read everything and we wait to see what he says. He denied everything and said he would never do that to one of his friends, and he's going to need some time to figure out if he wants to be friends with us after accusing of him something like this.***I was pretty crestfallen. Not only did I not get any resolution, I didn't even get any kind of sincere apology (he said he was sorry I felt like that and that I thought he was doing that). I just wanted to know why me...are you gay? Did your father abuse you, so you're just emulating that? Is it some kind of power complex, did you have a crush on me? I was so angry and sad at the same time. Austin said that it's kind of up to him now, but I could tell he was disappointed too. The weird part is that I was also sad that we might not be friends anymore. Because I did enjoy his company in our group and I mean we were friends...I dunno the whole things fucked up.*****Jump to present day..*****So that was a few years ago. I haven't told a soul about it since telling Austin, who now lives across the country. Still see all the guys from the group, and I've seen Andrew since then. I'm very close to 2 guys from the same group of guys (we're all still super close, which is great), Brandon, who I'm probably closest to, and David. We're also pretty close with 2 girls from that group, Brianne and Kathleen. The five of us all live in the same city and everyone else from the group comes to visit us often. Here's I guess where my actual problem for the advice I'm looking for comes from.***Ever since all of this, I've kept barely any contact with Andrew. I barely text or message him back on Facebook, because I don't want to get close to him. I've seen what happens when I do, and I never want to go though that again. But he'll tell the rest of our friends, especially Brandon and Kathleen that I'll just ignore him, and so I've kind of gotten a reputation of being a dick that never answers anyone. They'll kind of jab at me about it, saying things like "Well I mean when was the last time you even tried to talk to Andrew? You obviously don't care about friends who move away..." etc.It's odd because I feel like the event itself hasn't affected me too heavily. I don't get super emotional thinking about it, and I don't feel broken or damaged. Which almost worries me more, I feel like I should be angry or emotional, the whole thing is so fucked up. I've had to grow up quickly because of other major events in my life, so I've always just done what needs to get done without having time to feel anything towards it. But I do get very nervous sharing a bed with another guy, which is strange to my other friends like Brandon, who's gay and thinks I'm worried he's going to hit on me in bed after we've been drinking or something. Which hurts him and me, because I wish he knew that it wasn't that at all.I haven't told anyone else in our group about what happened, because it's in the past and I know how much it would tarnish their view of him. But I feel like I have a pretty solid reason for not wanting to talk about him, but now I look like the bad guy because I'm trying to save *his* reputation. I've come so close to telling Brandon the truth, and I really want to, but I know it would just shake his world and crumble his view of Andrew. But it would be so nice to just to tell someone about it and talk to someone about it. I feel so frustrated and conflicted and I don't know what to do.Even if I don't get any answers from this, it did make me feel a lot better just being able to talk about it after years of having it inside me, so thank you for that. :)**TL;DR: Very close friend molested me for a few years, and after a confrontation stopped. I ceased contact with him but will hang out with him in person with our friend group, but I've gotten a lousy reputation with my friends thinking I ignore him and don't try to maintain a friendship with him when they don't know what happened between us, and it's starting to really frustrate me and make me feel really alone.**  
How often does confusion stay with you? When is it ok to hate him? To forgive? Why do i do both? Is there ever a time i am not confused?
When I was maybe 7 or 8 my family and I, along with my aunt and her kids, all took a trip to Mexico for summer vacation. During this trip I was raped by my older male cousin and never spoke about since it happened. I'm 21 now and keeping that secret for over 10 years took its toll and I've been working on building up whatever it is I have left. I joined the army after high school and have finally arrived at the point where I have accepted what happened and accepted the fact that what's done is done and I can't change the past but I can control my future and where I go from here. For over 10 years I watched this guy become a star football player and get all the girls and basically just have an awesome time being a star member of my family while I was just barely holding it together trying to pretend to be normal just so I could fit in with normal kids my age. I would say now I've grown into a strong capable young man despite the shit he did to me but I feel like I can't go on or progress further when this bastard is still out there. He's now trying to become a minister which I couldn't fucking believe. Most of the legal advice I've received basically said legal action wouldn't produce results because it was in another country and it was so long ago. I get out of the army in a couple months and I fully intend to face this guy one on one and I guess we'll see what happens. The way I see it is he's had over 10 years, and now I'm gonna take the rest. This is not a promise of physical violence but I plan on outing him to everyone he knows which includes the church he belongs to because not on my life will I see this man become a minister. I wanted to post this on here to see if anyone else has had success in outing their rapist. I understand how ugly this could get but you only get one shot at having a life and I'm not gonna be the victim of my own story. This is my life and I'm gonna bring this motherfucker down. If you have any tips or advice it would be greatly appreciated.
me and my boyfriend have been together for almost two and a half years. I am gray asexual and the thought of sex with him makes me feel sick perhaps it has something to do with him cheating on me two years ago I don't know or maybe it's just him I don't know but last night while I was asleep he tried it on with me and was cuddling me and kissing me (I know this because I woke up and was half awake when I felt him kiss me then I fell back to sleep) i then wake up to him rubbing me so I pretend to be asleep to see what else he will do while I'm asleep. He gets his penis out and gets my hand and guides my hand making me give him a hand job while I'm 'asleep' and he fingers me... While I'm 'asleep' he pinches my nipples and tries to pull down my trousers with no luck so he keeps with his hand down my trousers doing stuff down there and making me wank him off
If this sub is only for rape survivors I'm sorry. Just delete then. So my dad went to jail when I was 3. He is out now but I never talked to him after that. My entire family shut him out and he lives across the country. I thought he went to jail because he beat up my mom. I thought this because that's what she told me, and I had dreams my whole life about my mom being covered in blood and getting me out of bed while someone chased us. I told my mom about the dream a week ago and she said that I was at the age that I needed to know the truth. She told me that she came to my dad's house late at night to pick me up after work (they broke up a long time before this) and he was drunk and crying about a fight he had with his girlfriend. She tried to talk to him but he forced himself on her and raped her. He fell asleep and my mom took me quietly and we went to the hospital. The hospital called the police and my dad was arrested and is now a sex offender who is legally not allowed to talk to me. This is what is bothering me though. One of my earliest memories is of my parents having sex next to me in bed. When I was little I thought my mom was crying and it was confusing to me. But then I figured that I was confusing crying for moaning when I was older and made sense of it. One part of the story that my mom told me is that the rape happened in his bed and I was sleeping next to them. she was trying to be quiet so that I didn't wake up. I always thought that those were two different memories but after the story I think that both those things happened in the same night. I keep having dreams about the time I woke up to the sex and it bothers me. I feel like I'm scarred but I know it didn't happen to me so is that even possible? I'm also really pissed off that my dad did this to my mom. I hated him before but I hate him even more now. I hope he dies a painful death for how he hurt my mom. She is beautiful and kind and does everything she can for me, even if we fight sometimes. She always wants to help people and she was trying to help my dad when he raped her. I could never hurt her. I don't know how anyone could hurt her. It makes me want to cry. I wish she told me a long time ago and I hope she knows that nobody can hurt her while I'm around. I didn't say that though because I was shocked to hear the story. I feel bad that I didn't say anything.
So I had been talking to this boy on Tinder (red flag I know) and he was really nice and we got along great, and after a few days we went out for dinner and he was a really great guy. A couple of days later he invited me to his place to just hang out and watch a movie. I straight up asked him if he expected me to sleep with him, and he said he doesn't expect me to do anything if I don't want to. So I agreed and went over. This was on Sunday (2 days ago).He showed me around the house, and when we went to his bedroom we sat down on the bed and just chatted for a while. Eventually he started making moves on me (kissing me, sliding his hand up my skirt etc.) and I'm pretty sure I was visibly uncomfortable and made it clear I didn't want anything, but after I pulled away and moved his hands he would just start up again after a minute. He didn't even stop when I put my shirt back on after he took it off.He kept being really persistent and I'm not sure why I didn't just get up and leave, I kind of froze and internally panicked. I basically just shut down and couldn't say no for some reason. I'm a small girl who is quite shy if that means anything. I freaked out and ended up just giving in. We had sex and I hated every second of it, the whole time I was just waiting for it to be over. He was only the second guy I've ever slept with (my boyfriend had broken up with me a few weeks before, and he was the only person I'd done anything with). Sex is a special thing to me and I've never wanted to do it with just anybody, especially when I wasn't completely over my ex who was and still is one of the most amazing people I know. I just wanted to move on from him by meeting other people, but this has taken me back to square one. I feel so violated and used. Was it a form of rape? Or is it partially my fault for going to his bedroom in the first place, and just going along with it and never actually saying no? Please note he was actually a really lovely guy apart from this incident. I think I just wasn't clear enough and he just saw the situation completely differently to me. I don't want to go around yelling rape and ruining his life because of what I think could have been just miscommunication, but I definitely did not want it and I feel so disgusting. 
The woman of my dreams was recently assaulted at a party and I don't know what to do. I've told her that we all, (our friend circle,) love and support her and that I'm available 24/7 to help her out. She doesn't want to go to the police and I don't know who hurt her. I feel so terrible I don't know what to do. I want her to eat help but of course you can't force someone to do that. I feel bad even posting here because I know I'm not the one that should be feeling all this. She doesn't know I'm this torn up thankfully and I just need to know how to support a victim. Sorry if this reads rough I'm just lost right now.
My ex-boyfriend was my first long-term boyfriend for about 2 years, we met in university. Before that I was only involved in short high school relationships or flings and so really it was my first experience in a relationship. We stopped talking/hooking up around 8 months ago, and I haven't seen or heard from him since then.We had our ups and downs, and I really did love him. But there were some things he did that I knew were wrong at the time, but I let it go because I thought nothing mattered as long as I loved him, and that's also what he told me.My boyfriend was very sexual and into a lot of stuff in the bedroom that people would consider kinky. Personally, I wasn't into it but I followed his lead because I knew it made him happy. The problem was though when he asked me to do things that I made clear I was uncomfortable with and would never do.And even though I clearly told him "no" when he asked, and that I was uncomfortable with it, he kept on persisting to ask me. He would say things like "don't you want to make me happy?" or "you would do it if you really loved me". And eventually I gave in and did a lot of the stuff that he asked for.I didn't enjoy it at all. And I made that clear to him, saying that I tried it once and I would never do it again. But he didn't take that as an answer and again coerced me into continuing to do whatever he asked.It wasn't until our relationship ended that I realized how much control I let him have over me. I ended up telling my friends, who told me that he sexually abusing me. However, I didn't take their word seriously because they were never a big fan of him anyway, understandably. I defended him, saying that it wasn't because technically I gave consent - I said yes in the end and I let him have his way with me.But a few days ago I came across a conversation I had with my ex (that I thought I had deleted), and reading it again and seeing the things he would say to me to coerce me into things, I realized how much it sounded like sexual assault. Yes I said "yes" in the end, but how can I give proper consent if he would not take "no" as an answer?Anyway, basically I am writing because it really hurts me to look back and realize what he has done to me. And I know that I am completely over him, I don't miss him at all or have any sort of feelings for him, but I can't help but feel like what he did to me is a permanent scar and is going to haunt me forever. I'm just very hurt and I can't stop thinking about it, and ideally it's not something I want to fixate on, especially while I'm currently happy in another relationship with a loving, respectful man. I just don't know how to let go of something that has hurt me so much. I guess I'm also wondering if this even constitutes as sexual assault or if I'm just exaggerating the situation I'm in. --tl;dr: I recently admitted to myself that what my ex did to me was sexual assault, and I am having trouble getting over how much he hurt me by doing what he did, even though I am completely over him.
Me and my boyfriend have been together about 6 months. He's recently moved off to a different city to study so I see him about once a month. I thought things were going swimmingly and I had found someone amazing. However, I recently caught the flu. Im on medication to suppress my immune system, so I was pretty debilitated for a week. He came down to see me, and it was going great. He's always been gentle, loving and caring.However, one night I took codeine before I slept. This knocked me out, I fell asleep next to him. I woke up several times to him touching me, talking dirty and pleasing himself. He didn't stop until he finished on me and on my bed covers. I was concious, however too drugged up or tired to register what was happening. I'd lost my voice and hadn't been able to speak all night anyway. I wanted it to stop the whole timeI have told him I'm okay with waking up to a little fun, does this mean he was confused? We're normally rough and out there sexually, so I feel bad condemning him for this one little thing.When I woke up and spoke to him about it, he said he had no idea I couldn't say no and he would have stopped. I love him a lot and am confused about this. I dont want this to affect us but it might have to, the memory has been making me feel gross and violated all day.What are your moral stances on what he did? Am I over thinking? Is it sexual abuse?
TITLE IS MEANT TO READ: My [16M] boyfriend [15M] is getting touched by our friend [15F] and I don't know what to do or think.For the past few weeks, our friend of 2 years has been touching my boyfriend of a year and a half in an increasingly sexual manner. She's 6'1, 150 pounds and extremely muscular while my boyfriend is 5"2' and 120 pounds, and I’m 4’11 and 130 lbs. She can very easily guilt or manipulate him, because of her domineering presence and his meek demeanor. All three of us go to school together and hang out around one another, and while we're together, she puts her hands all over him, grabbing him and pulling him into different positions from either sitting upright or even standing.  She'll grab his sides, and hug him and stick her face in his neck, or, on the more sexual side of things, she'll grab his chest and his crotch, and kiss his neck (though she’s never kissed his neck in front of me). He's visibly uncomfortable when this happens. He goes completely stiff and looks away from what’s happening. I try to pull him away, but she continues and can easily overpower me. He's unable to tell her no or to stop because he fears her and what will happen, but it can't go on.  They were alone together this weekend at her house, and when they were on a couch together, she stuck her fingers in his pants and poked his crotch and kissed his neck without asking if it was okay or even giving any kind of warning. When he physically protests in any way, she does not stop.  A couple of weeks ago, she asked him privately if he wanted to have casual sex. He declined, stating he was in a monogamous relationship. This all escalated after the rejection, although she did touch him a lot without his permission beforehand. She has never once asked if this is okay, in any form or fashion.  I don’t know what to do or what to think of this.   Is this sexual abuse? How can I stop it without putting my boyfriend at more risk? This situation is nerve wracking. I just want to protect my boyfriend. Am I a bad boyfriend?
So my friend has been scared to talk about it, but he finally opened up to me about it. He was with a girl and he didnt want to have sex with her, and he told her that, but then she supposedly talked him into it and he said that he "just thought with his dick instead of his head" and said he regretted it during and after it happened and he was ashamed of it, would that be considered rape? Where does he go after this?
I was sexually abused by a step-family member as a child for a couple years. I also had an emotionally challenging/damaging relationship a couple years ago, lasted less than a year. These two factors aren't directly related but they both provide the basis of my discomfort.My current SO [two years together] is wonderful. I've been completely open with him on this, so communicating with him is not an issue.The specific issue is my own mental interaction with memories and thoughts. Sometimes I snap out of my current/healthy/loving sexual experience and feel the discomfort and emotional detachment that I'd affected up until this relationship.I try to be very mindful and open about my emotions, but I really want to lessen them. It's frustrating that negative sexual memories and experiences not only hurt me in the past but also complicate what I have now, which is incredibly healthy and safe.Any and all advice is truly appreciated.tl;dr: History of sexual abuse is lessening my desire to have sex with current and loving SO
*Possible Trigger Warning*So my friend has been seeing this guy off and on since January. He's crazy. He is verbally and slightly physically abusive (more verbal than anything, but has had violent outbursts around her and her child) to her, and she would tell me and our friend about it, and we tried to convince her to break up with him and get away. Few months go by, she's had enough, and leaves him. That doesn't go over well with him. He cries, texts and calls her, says he's sorry, that he'll change, the whole bullshit 9 yards. She let him back a few times hesitantly, but he always quickly fell back to his old hateful ways.She finally and fully left him, and even though he talked to her repeatedly and texted her, called, came over, was basically around but not lovey, etc. She wouldn't let him get physical with her, she kept him at like, arms length I guess would be the best way to say it.He started dating this other girl a few weeks ago, and that ended pretty quickly. He came over this last week, and she didn't think to check out her window to see who it was before just opening the door, so him being there took her by surprise. She came outside and closed her front door and stood outside to talk to him and see what he wanted. Same sob story, "I miss you, I love you, I broke up with her because she's crazy and didn't mean anything, not like you, blah blah blah." She was like, "K." Like, not letting what he said phase her or anything, not really responding to his advances and sob story. He started trying to kiss her and nuzzle her neck but she wasn't having it and kept telling him to stop. He wasn't listening, and forced his mouth on hers. She got the door opened, shoved her inside, and pushed her on the couch. He closed the door and she went to stand up, but he shoved her back down, took her pants off, and raped her. He pulled out, came in his hand, told her he was done, got up and left. She told me after he left, she sat there and cried.When she told me what happened, I was livid. I've been raped and didn't have anyone there for me. I was 11, and completely alone because I didn't know what happened until much later in life. Now I'm here for her, she has people on her side ready to jump into action for her, and she doesn't want to do anything because she's afraid he will come back and hurt her. Then she said she doesn't have the money for a lawyer. She doesn't want to take time off work. She has her son to think about. Just excuse after excuse, and I'm afraid for her. I want her to do what I would do, I want her to want to make him suffer, I want her to make sure he doesn't have another woman (or herself again) for him to get his rocks off to. What can I tell her, and what can I do?TL;DR best friend got raped by ex, she's now making up excuses as to why she doesn't want to report him to police.
So, as the title says, I've been with my girlfriend for about 6 months now and I've absolutely fallen for her and I truly feel that we're very compatible, we share similar views and we care for each other a lot, neither of us have felt the same way towards someone as we do towards each other.However, about a month before we met she was sexually assaulted by some creep when she was out with friends. I'm not gonna go into details about what happened that night, but it's safe to say it was a traumatizing event and it still weighs on her heavily. She feels depressed, often has nightmares about the assault and when thinking about it, she starts shaking and can't move or speak... She will start seeing a therapist soon, though.Another consequence of this is that she has a mental block, so to speak, about being intimate with me - that in turn makes her feel inadequate and insecure about or relationship even though I genuinely don't mind if we're not intimate. She feels like I might try and fulfill my ''needs'' with someone else even though I would never even think of cheating on her, I care about her too much to hurt her like that.My question is, what's the best way I can support and reassure her and help at least a little bit to cope with the trauma?
We've been together 4 yrs and have two daughters, 3yrs and 2mo. My husband says I'm irrational because I myself was sexually molested when I was 4yrs old and I'm applying the current situation to my past.I've caught him on 3 separate occasions masturbating while our daughter has laid in bed next to him. He and his father have said that I need to get over it because no one got hurt. My husband also likes to overly touch his 13yr old sister, finding any reason to pick her up and tickle her. She's always wearing booty shorts that show her butt cheeks whenever she bends over. My husbands older brother doesn't behave in the same manner. Husband also has a porn addiction and had created a dating profile while I was 4months pregnant. He used it to contact transgender women, to whom he sent disgusting vulgar messages such as "I'm in my car masturbating to your picture, nice tits, etc". He has contacted former sex partners claiming to be seeking "marital advice". I found a condom wrapper in his car the he claims the wind blew in.My brother and I used to play WWF wrestling when I was 7 or 8. That's about as far as touching he ever did minus hugs. My husbands behavior is like none I've never seen before.We met at work, when I started, all of our coworkers were shocked that we were dating and warned me of his bipolar behavior. I was constantly warned by our managers that I needed to get my husbands outbursts and temper under control or he would face termination. It's as though everyone feared him.My father in law was accused of child molestation by husbands stepsisters. They claim he had his records sealed so there isn't any proof. I fear that's why he excuses his sons behavior. I don't know what to do. Am I being unreasonable? Obviously there are issues and grounds for divorce. My husband has been physically and verbally abused towards me, he's always the victim and I'm some wretched MEAN and abusive woman. Fathers: Would you ever be okay masturbating next to your child?Mothers: Would you be okay with your husband performing such acts around your children?TL;DR: Caught husband masturbating in bed with our child lying next to him for the third time. Should I be concerned?
I don't know if I should even be writing this, hence the throwaway, I just need to let some stuff out, and thought people on this sub might understand. I'll preface this slightly by saying I have moved on from my ex boyfriend/sexual abuser. I am married, and had some therapy. I was scrolling through Facebook the other night and saw his profile. seeing his picture, brought back so many memories. not bad memories. it surprised me, the memories were of happiness, they were of good times we shared, some before we were a couple, and then a few of when we were together. I missed him. I do miss him. I do not understand how I could miss someone who raped me at least weekly for over 2 years. Who didn't care if I was ill or asleep.   I do not understand how I could miss someone who threatened to kill me if I left him. who held a carving knife to me, he was serious about hurting me. a man who beet me because I told him I was pregnant. I missed him, and I wanted to send him a message. 1/2 of me wanted to ask him how he is, ask about his life. I wanted to be part of his life. The other 1/2 of me wanted to rip him to shreds for everything he did to me. The abuse, the rapes and the manipulation. I wanted to know why. why you did what you did. I don't understand why I felt like this, I know we were friends before everything, and I miss you but I don't understand why considering you gave me nightmares for years, and sometimes I still have them because you don't understand the word 'NO' or that if someone is asleep that you cant just have sex with them.I just don't understand why I felt like this. confused.TL;DR: Saw my ex boyfriend/abuser on facebook, and missed him. missed our friendship. confused. 
It is really aggravating right now being a rape survivor. This election is making it so that every conversation is talking about sexual assault and rape. Visiting family? Be prepared for a million conversations on rape. Between Clinton, Trump, and the Central Park 5 or whatever they are called. I was literally at the airport and they had a radio show blaring over the main speakers that was quoting a victims account of Trump forcibly kissing her in excruciating detail. It's like no one in their right mind thought to themselves, "hey, there might be trauma survivors among the thousands of people that will be listening to this radio show in this airport...might be best to choose a different radio show." After the radio show came on I was triggered and had to do some serious grounding techniques to not have a panic attack. When turning in my ticket to board the plane, the attendant there had the nerve to call me "princess" and tell me to "smile more" >:[ grrrrI'm so sick of being triggered over and over and over again. I want the constant news cycle to stop being about rape. I want radio shows to stop blaring narratives about victim accounts in horrible detail. I want non-trauma survivors to stop judging every person that comes forward about Trump or Clinton. All of the victim blaming and judgment is ridiculous. "Oh, that doesn't count as assault!" (In reference to Trumps comments) etc. I've never seen so many people focused on rape all at the same time. I can't escape it.Have you guys been having similar problems? I can't be the only one that finds this whole news cycle nauseating and triggering.
Recently my partner pushed me past my comfort zone physically. It was not rape, it wasn't even sexual really, but it was physical and it was most certainly to selfishly exert their physical dominance over me. It was coerced physically, and then, after some struggle, emotionally. It crossed a line and I don't know how to react. I get that I'm over reacting, but I feel shaken and unsafe, even though I really am perfectly safe I'm sure.How do I discuss this with my partner? How do I move past this? I want to just let it go, but a small voice tells me I shouldnt.
This week was the anniversary of the assault. Leading up to it I haven't been very affectionate with my partner and it's definitely affected him. Not in the way that most would assume of him being upset simply because I don't want to have sex, but he feels disgusted with himself for being aroused. His sex drive has always been high and mine always low. We're at this point now where he feels bad that I can't even begin to feel aroused lately (alone or with him) and that he's horny and he wants me, but knows that I'm at a point where intimacy is triggering- so in turn triggers his own negative thoughts about the rape and feels disgusted that he thinks about/wants sex in the first place. He has never asked me to do anything for him and has never asked me to have sex when I'm not feeling up for it. It really, really tears me apart reading this text he sent me today while starting to discuss his current feelings: "I feel guilt for wanting you. I feel shame because I don't care if you don't want it. I feel ignored because my physical needs aren't met. I feel selfish because this is such a big factor of my depression, anger, and negative thoughts.""I'm always horny so you're not going to understand and feel responsible. But it's not your fault. Not trying to guilt you into sex because it would just expand the issues. It's just shitty and it's damaging me mentally, emotionally, and physically. Like I said guilt shame ignored and selfish. And overall it disgusts me of myself."We've been together since before the assault up to now with a total of 6 years. This is probably the worst I've felt about intimacy since right after the assault. I was triggered and had a flashback when he was cuddling and put his scruffy face on my tummy, since then I have felt really off when it comes to intimacy. He's been really patient and always cared about my feelings. He recently started to go to counseling with a sexual trauma specialist himself since over the past 2 months he has really struggled with everything and I've noticed that he's become depressed. He is my best friend and chosen life partner and it kills me to know he's feeling like this. Has anyone here gone through something like this? What did you do? 

I posted this to LNM but was told to post it here.  I want to preface this by saying I am fully aware and regretful of the mistakes I've made. I also want to apologize if this seems scrambled, I'm pretty stressed. I was 16 years old (female) at the start of this, homeless (living in a tent in the woods), and lonely without guidance. I took to some very self destructive behavior,  like chatting with much too old men online and sending them pictures of the inappropriate variety. I started talking to a self proclaimed Dom on Collarme named Jack. He was very pushy, spelled and had the grammar of a third grader but I didn't really have high standards. He was 35 but claimed to be 25 when we started talking. I put I was 18 on my profile but he didn't ask. We started talking and he gave me tons of compliments, asked for a LOT of pictures,  and I complied. I was a virgin at this time but was embarrassed to admit it to anyone. After about a week of chatting and picture exchanges,  he wanted to meet me. I wasn't really about this,  at all. Not only was I embarrassed about my homelessness (or extended camping), but I felt like I wouldn't get on with him too well. He insisted,  bringing it up constantly. He told me he'd take me shopping, get an oz to smoke,  just us and that I didn't have to do anything I didn't want to do.Because he was so pushy about this,  and because he complimented me so much and because I'm a super weak person eventually I complied to meeting with him. He picked me up when I finished working at about 7pm in his half working beat up junker and we rode around for about an hour, smoking and talking until he pulled up to a Ross. He grabbed my wrist pretty forcefully and dragged me to the underwear section,  picking up and purchasing five different pairs of undies and bras,  I wasn't comfortable with this, but I was self destructive enough that I just let it be. After we got back to his car,  he lit another blunt and started talking about  how I owed him now because he spent over $100 on me. I kind of tried to laugh it off,  but he insisted I had to go to his apartment and spend the night with him. Again,  he kept assuring me I didn't have to do anything I didn't want to.I started to feel like I did owe him,  at least my company and I rationalized the worst he could do was kill me and I didn't have anything to live for anyway,  so I agreed. As soon as I did he gave me a collar,  told me I had to keep it on and had to call him Master. He lived two cities from me,  we smoked three more blunts on the way. By the time we got to his place,  I was blazed and not really thinking about anything. He ordered me to start cleaning his whole apartment while he watched TV and since I actually find cleaning therapeutic, I did so. I was thankful I'd get to spend some time to myself,  focusing on a task. About three hours later,  he told me I did such a good job cleaning and handed me Hello Kitty pjs as a "reward". He told me to wear it and model it for him. A little shyly I changed in his bathroom but as soon as I opened the door to "model" it, he barged in, grabbed me by the neck and forced me out of the room, where as I was changing he had placeed a chain that he proceeded to tie me to. I started crying a little,  not understanding what was happening and he started laughing and taking pictures of me,  telling me how pretty I was and how I was his now.He raped me twice. He told me I was such a good girl and I was so tight. He told me that I'd grow to love him. After buying me some chocolates and letting me shower,  he drove me back to my work, and I walked to my tent crying. The next day he was texting me like everything was normal,  and I kind of pushed everything to the back of my mind and kept contact with him. I convinced myself he was like my boyfriend and continued to send him the pictures he asked for. He'd ask to see me once a week and I'd comply. Sometimes he was really nice and would just buy food,  ask me to cook and clean and we wouldn't have sex. Most of the time I hated it,  only going to smoke and because I didn't feel like I was worth more. He'd always take pictures of me when we were together, in lewd positions and attire,  or nude. I just let him. Never did he ask to see any ID, or even question me on any of the MANY sketchy things happening involving me. This continued for a year until I met my current fiancé (Matt) . I cut off contact with Jack,  my eyes opened to how fucked this situation was and how many scars I'd allowed him to inflict. Jack did not like that his loyal slave girl wouldn't respond anymore. He started blowing me up constantly. Matt messaged him,  telling him off and to leave us alone, blocking him. He'd just make more accounts and continue to spam,  so I abandoned the app. Jack then posted all the pictures he had of me to a porn website. I didn't notice for a long time but when a friend saw them and brought it up to me,  I was horrified. I reported it to the website (I was underage in these pictures, after all) and tried to forget it. Matt found out he had reposted them,  along with a video or two that I didn't even know he had and Matt was furious with me. It caused a big rift with us that I had sent so many pictures and allowed myself to be treated like an object. I continued to report them, to the point that his posting privilege was revoked but he had put in the description to repost if taken down so there are underage nudes of me everywhere, more than can be counted. Matt contacted the police on my behalf, but I was so embarrassed and scared of being put on a sex offender list that I just didn't follow up and I'm sure they've dropped it. I confronted Jack and he admitted to posting the pictures as revenge. I took a screenshot of this and had it in a folder, with screenshots of the reports I did and his porn webpage but Matt deleted the folder in a fit of rage so now I have nothing.. Since then,  Jacks moved on to another girl and she seems happy. I actually know her and she says they're on love and have a baby on the way. I'm pretty fucked in the brain, as that was my first "relationship" and I was already living a hard life at the time.. I know this may not seem like much, it's really hard to get into everything that happened, esp since this was only one fucked thing in my life at the time. I'd be okay with clearing up anything confusing, I mostly wrote this out so I can tell my story without being looked at like a whore. Thank you for reading. My vision is pretty blurry from crying so I'll end it here. I only wish I could go back in time and tell myself that I was worth real love and that I didn't have to please anyone,  and how badly my self destructive decisions effected me
I originally posted this on /r/twoxchromosomes. I am a 16 year old girl who has suffered some sexual trauma and I'm looking for help. Here's my story.When I was in seventh grade a boy told me that he wanted to drown me and call upperclassmen to rape me while my body was still warm. At the time his saying that didn't bother me. Now it does, because I know rape is nothing to joke about.My freshman year I faced a lot of sexual trauma. One of the least traumatizing instance consisted of a drunk man harassing me at a Starbucks. He kept trying to kiss me and hold my hand. My friends called the police and he was arrested because he turned out to be a registered child molester.Another time in PE a boy cornered me and made me touch him inappropriately.My first boyfriend was a really horny guy. The beginning of ninth grade he took things too far. He touched me without consent and tried to force me to perform oral sex on him. I was disconnected from my body and what was happening did not register until minutes after he has started. I eventually found my voice and told him to stop. He did. The most traumatizing thing was around Christmas of my ninth grade year. I was very suicidal at the time. I have struggled with depression all my life and at the time I was self-harming a lot. I regularly contemplated suicide and deprived myself of the proper nutrition I needed. I met a boy who was nearly three years older than me. I was 14 and virginal, he was almost 17. He seemed so caring. He provided me with support and comfort. That changed one day.He told me he wanted to have sex with me. I agreed to meet him and was convinced that if I didn't want to have sex with him I wouldn't have to. When I saw him, he took me into a bathroom in a semi-private area. He repeatedly asked me to have sex, despite my saying I wasn't sure. He told me we could start and if I didn't like it we didn't have to continue. I agreed. I let him take off my clothes because I didn't want to commit by doing it myself. We started and I said I wanted to stop. He continually pressured me to keep going. Eventually I gave him what he wanted: five minutes of sex without me saying stop. He was satisfied and we parted. A couple days later we got into an argument because he called me stupid. When we went back to school, he told people what we did and bragged about how he "fucked a freshman." I finally began to tell my side of the story.Word got around to school officials. I cried when they brought me in, not wanting to go through it. That would have been better than what came.I found out the boy had conspired with my (now ex) best friend and they had told the school that I had a weapon in my backpack to hurt the boy who had coerced me into sex. I was searched, treated as a criminal, suicidal, and had my virginity robbed from me. He was fine. After weeks the school finally convinced themselves that I was not a dangerous 14 year old, 5'2, 105 pound girl. It was hell to go to class everyday, red eyed from my latest questioning and knowing everyone knew I had been acting like a "slut."I ended up telling my parents what happened. We went to the police. I was scared and told them I was willing. I made it sound like it was all my fault and I could have screwed that guy over. I didn't, though.The police didn't press charges because he wasn't a full three years my senior and I had said I was willing. After this experience, I stopped cutting myself and getting involved with the wrong people. I am now involved in school leadership, choir, and I do PA announcements. I talk about how I've recovered from depression. I like who I am. And I know my future is much brighter than that boy's. (I should stop calling him a boy, as he's now 19.)I'm healed in all aspects but one. Over the past two years, I have found myself to be broken sexually. There was another boy, my age, who I dated. Once when he brought up sex I freaked out and didn't talk to him for weeks. The same thing happened months later when he touched me sexually. The thing is, I liked this boy. He wasn't the right one for me, but I'm concerned that I will behave in the same manner when someone I love comes along.I've been researching rape a lot. Some say that if coercion is used and full consent is not given, it qualifies as rape. I have blamed myself for much too long now and I'm ready to accept that fact that this is the case. For a couple months now I've been having nightmares. This occupies so much of my time. I've also been remembering little details that I hadn't remembered for so long until now. when I was working at a frozen yogurt store, the guy came in. The worst part was that he was with his cute little brother and mom. He was nice to me, too, which is funny because I made his life hell. I don't know if he could see the tears in my eyes or my shaking body. I called my dad who came instantly, arriving only moments after the guy left.My dad posted in a forum for me a little while ago and is recommending I use this as a resource. Meanwhile he's trying to dig up the guy's mom's contact information to tell her the story, as we are not sure if she is aware.I've been suffering for too long. It hurts so much. After the guy left I ran to the back room and sobbed. I couldn't stop shaking and all I see in my mind is his face.I'm ready to accept that this was not entirely my fault. I'm ready to classify this in my mind as coercion, extreme pressure, and possibly rape. I want to make peace with myself.If you have taken the time to read all of this, thank you from the bottom of my heart. ❤-littlemermaidxx
TRIGGER WARNING: rape detail/following examSome thoughts about 10/10/10After I was raped I felt like I was in a trance. I went though the daily motions and said things to seem normal. I didn’t really connect with what happening. All I wanted was to move on and be as normal as I could be. The feeling of anger and disgust didn’t click until 2-3 months after the police dismissed the case with “sounds like you had sex, but didn’t really want to.” I was 17. My rapist was 19 and in the Army Reserves. I kept telling the police that I didn’t want to ruin his life. I understood that rape was a serious crime, and that what he did was technically rape. But I still didn’t want him to go to prison, and be on a sex offender list back then. I just wanted them to teach him that what he did wasn’t okay and that he did hurt someone, so he wouldn’t hurt someone else. They asked me, “Did he force his penis in your vagina?”. I responded that he was not forceful. He did not hold me down and rip my clothes off. Sometimes I think about how before the party happened, I was planning on staying at a girls house for the night and brought what I normally slept in. A tank top with soft sleeping shorts. I changed in the bathroom and brushed my teeth before lying in his bed. As the night’s plans had changed when my friend left the party without me and left me there drunk with him so she could go to her boyfriend’s house. He told me he could take the floor and give me the bed because he’s a “gentleman”. We watched some old cartoons on Boomerang. He changed the channel to Comedy Central. He climbed into the bed with me. He laid with me and whispered in my ear that my boyfriend didn’t love me and that my relationship wasn’t going to last when I told him I didn’t want to sleep with him. We went like that back and forth for what seemed like hours. He would ask and would tell him that I couldn’t or wouldn’t because I had a boyfriend, that I was too drunk or that he was too drunk, that we needed to sleep. He persisted. He bit my ear softly and asked “Why rob a bank if you’re not going to take all of the money?”, after I gave up and let him kiss me. He peeled my pajama bottoms off after I attempted to hold one side up. He kept going. He didn’t stop when I stopped moving. The official word for spacing out and not thinking about anything is “to freeze” or “freezing”. It’s apart of the flight or fight response in humans that equates to deer-in-the-headlights mentally. To try to describe is what it would be like to feel a person on top of you, but to mentally check out and stare at the ceiling almost as a fly on the wall looking in. I know what he did, how he touched me, and what it felt like. I remember it all- but at the same time, I removed myself from reaction. I didn’t move or react physically. I didn’t make any noises, even to cry or to give him the satisfaction of thinking I was a willing participant with what he was doing to my body. The only considerate part on his behalf was that he wore a condom, but he still removed it when he came on my body like I was an object that he was finished using. I think about the under wear I was wearing. I had bought it from a Victoria’s Secret sale. A dark blue and black lacy bra with a matching thong. It was the prettiest underwear that I had. I’m sure the police agreed, it probably even made it seem like I was asking to be raped. My pretty underwear are probably sitting somewhere in an evidence bag at the police station with the rape kit the hospital took.The rape kit is full of snippettes of any piece of my body you can touch. Skin scrapings, oral swabs, vaginal swabs, cervical swabs, anal swabs, pieces of hair from my head, hair from my arms, hair from my pubic area. They took detailed photos of any scratch, mark or bruise on my body. They took photos of my vagina with a speculum in it- to see any scratches inside me that may have lit up when they dyed my vagina blue. They gave me antibiotics and Plan-B to prevent any infections or unwanted pregnancies. I became nauseous from the medication for 2 days. One of the nurses in the room was wearing Apple Blossom lotion from Bath and Body Works. Every time I smell it now I still get nauseous. I was at the hospital like this for 7 hours. I was acting “fine” during the exam. I made jokes about Law and Order SVU. I didn’t cry. I didn’t scream when they asked me to remove all of my clothes. I didn’t flinch when they took my blood or tell me that they’re going to put a speculum inside me. They gave me a book filled with more booklets. Numbers for the therapist that would start seeing twice a week at first, then once a week for a few months. A number for the police department. A number for the advocates that paid for the $800 emergency room bill. Booklets to validate my emotions and feelings. To give words to things that I didn’t know were things until they had happened to me. Like ‘flashback’, ‘trigger’, and ‘freeze’.I’ve always wanted to tuck this in my past. Hide it from everyone, hide it from the people that were there. Make us all forget about all of it. Like how my best friend came to my room at the hospital and saw the pictures on the digital camera screen. She saw my lovely, blue-dyed vagina. I wish that my boyfriend could forget the time he spent wondering at what was happening and crying alone in the waiting room at the hospital. I feel guilty that my boyfriend is losing his mind over his perceived notion that this was police mishandling. I told them at the hospital that I didn’t want to ruin His life, I felt at the time that I also did not want to go through court to try and prove that this is what really happened. I never spoke to the girl that left me with him again. Shortly after, a close friend told me that she had told them I cheated on my boyfriend and lied to get out of it. She told them that I lied about being raped. I caught word that he hurt her too though a mutual friend about 2 years later. I admitted to a coworker that I had been raped after he made a comment that disturbed me. He said “You should have fought him off.” He didn’t even know the circumstances surrounding how I ended up there, what the other party from my perspective would have been like or anything other than that I just said I had been raped the year before. When my boyfriend decided that everyone should know what happened he sent a message to anyone that had a connection with Him. One of the first responses was that He couldn’t have done that, they had known them for years and He was a good guy. He went to victim blaming without knowing much. He asked why I hadn’t told everyone myself. I didn’t because I’m not strong enough to defend why I did what I did. Why didn’t I scream and run? Why didn’t I feel the way I do right now, ashamed with disgust, anger, resentment, sadness, and guilt back then when it mattered what others saw? Why did I choose to hide away? I don’t know. I don’t know why. Even though the therapy has tried to teach me that I didn’t get to choose, I still feel guilty for not defending myself then and now. I still don’t want to make waves. I just want to fucking move on. I don’t want to reopen this. I don’t want to give new statements and work with detectives that will just brush it off again. All of the evidence they had: sexy panties, drunk teens, statements from each including that I didn’t want to press charges, told them that I wasn’t raped and I don’t know if I could re-convince them. Even then, what would happen? Brock Turner was literally caught in the act of raping an unconscious girl behind a dumpster and only did 3 months in jail. My case is nothing legally.I don’t know why my parents didn’t automatically hire a lawyer. Why they never spoke to me about it. My father has not said a word about it since we were at the hospital. I don’t know why my mother would tell me that she was excited for when I turned 18 so that I could pay and go to therapy on my own. All I do know is that all of this has contributed to my fear of going out of my way to say this is what happened to me just to have strangers openly judge me in the worst situation I have ever been in. I wish that today’s date would be anything other than the anniversary date of the day that would change my life in a negative way. I didn’t really feel it until later, when I came back to my body and realized what was happening. If I’m going to be honest about this experience, it’s that I still can’t handle it today. Even though it has been years since this happened. Even though I take medications and went through therapy. I can’t forget the details and it keeps me awake at night and weaves those memories through daily triggers and makes me think about it every single day. I still have nightmares of his light blond hair that covers his whole body chaffing my skin from how prickly he was. I recently had a flashback while cuddling with my boyfriend where I physically felt like I was lying under His large chest again while being rubbed raw against His skin. I haven’t been able to have sex with my loving boyfriend without that image and those connected feelings since that happened. It’s been two weeks since then and I’m still thinking about eating all of my anti-anxiety pills to make it stop permanently. He ruined the person I used to be. My boyfriend has somehow been through this with me the whole entire time, all 6 years. I feel guilty because I think he would have been better off without me- especially now that he has been recently going through much of the same emotions that I have been regarding this whole experience. It’s been incredibly hard for me to watch him struggle, but I’m sticking around to help him through it the best that I can. I’ve been fighting against my own feelings, but he’s what matters to me. EDIT: Added TW and fixed some grammar 
I was raped when I was 15, am now 20. I haven't been able to be in a good relationship with a guy since my rape. I am a bisexual trans man, and am perfectly comfortable being intimate with women as I wasn't raped by one, but with men I have some weird problem with, even if I'm genuinely attracted to them. Any advice?
I was raped when I was 17. Two times, actually. By the same person. We went to the same school and before the actual rape he sexually harassed me during the classes too. I think many people saw it but didn't do anything about it. I remember this one time when he poked my breast with a sharp pen, I get so fucking mad every time I think about it even though it happened 10 years ago. We ended up at the same house party two times and that's when he raped me. I didn't know much about alcohol back then, so both times I ended up drinking way too much and passing out...and waking up while *it* was already happening. I blame myself for going to those parties and not telling the cops about the whole situation. But I was even more shy and timid back then and I thought I had it coming. I felt guilty and dirty. I tried to bury the whole thing, so I quit school and just went on with my life. I managed to bury the whole thing almost for 10 years, but some time ago I started remembering it again for some reason. I'm 27 now and I'm still not over it. I'm so mad at myself because I didn't do anything. I replay the events in my head and think about what I *should've* done. I should've reported him from the moment he started harassing me. I should've stayed as far away from him as possible. I wish *someone* had done something. It feels so fucking unfair that he gets to live a normal life and I will always carry that trauma and feeling of humiliation with me. I want to get **even**.As an adult I've gotten myself into dangerous situations and abusive relationships. Not on purpose, though. It just seems that assholes are drawn to me because they know I'm broken. It looks like that bad people can smell the "blood", somehow. Every time someone says or does something abusive I just sort of freeze or try to laugh it off. I may even think that I've deserved it. (Maybe it's because I grew in a very abusive household and my mother too has always been a doormat teaching us girls to be nice and quiet as well.) Last guy I dated kept commenting on my weight and even though I know he was just negging me, I still think in the back of my head "what if all that is true and he was just telling the truth?" (I didn't have sex with that guy because I don't have sex unless I'm 100% sure I like the person. He got mad and cut all contact when I told him we're not going to have sex.) I often let my friends boss me around as well. I meet really toxic people and most of the time I realize how toxic they are when the damage is already done.  Lately I've tried to learn how to defend myself and fight back. (Not physically, but mentally.) It's still difficult and most of the time I'm being way too nice, but at least I wont let those disgusting people use me anymore. I also contacted my rapist on Fb and I said "Do you realize you actually RAPED me? It was a rape, you hear that?" (My friend confronted him when the rape had just happened, but he just kept saying that he didn't do anything. So I wanted to make him realize that he did indeed do "something".) I also threatened him, I told him to watch his back because I might strike when he least expects it. Now, I really don't have any plans. I'm not gonna murder him or anything like that. I don't know what I could do to get back at him, reporting him to the authorities is already too late. I've been thinking about writing his parents a letter and letting them know what kind of son they have. I just hold a terrible grudge against many people and mostly against myself. I hate myself for being such a wimp and I want to get even with anyone who's ever hurt me. holding all this hate is so tiring and it's starting to affect me physically & mentally. I also want to make sure that I wont let anyone abuse me again. I've started to distance myself from my abusive friend and I'm happy I didn't have sex with the jerk who was negging me and trying to get me into bed with him. At least I've learned *something* but I still need to become stronger and more observant. 
I apologize, this is long and my grammar isn't the best but here is the background information:        My freshmen year of high school, I was sexually assaulted by a senior. One of my teachers found a note I was passing to my friend about how my high waisted jeans prevented me from being raped. The teacher reported it, the school found out and did nothing, my parents blamed me for it and restricted me from leaving the house for any reason other than going to school, the detective basically said he wouldn't be convicted and I should watch what I wear. He was a PE teacher's assistant and only saw me in my PE clothes. I was also wearing high waisted jeans a shirt and a sweater the day it happened. My parents prompted me to switch schools when the staff shredded the note and did nothing about it so I switched to my neighborhood school.           I started dating someone during sophomore year. While we were dating, he would often bring me down. Being a shy girl, I would never speak up. I always thought I was overreacting and tried to brush it off. I thought the "affections" he showed in his room was "proof" that he liked me. Deep inside, I always felt like he was using me for pleasure. We would do sexual activities in his room but I made sure no insertion in the vagina. (I ended up getting a yeast infection from him which caused months of constant itching and burning.) One day, in the heat of the moment, we did anal. After that first time, he kept wanting to do it because it felt so good to him but I wanted that first time to be the last time. He pinned me down and inserted himself from behind. I kept telling him it hurt like hell and he needed to stop. I tried turning but he held me down and kept going. He said it would be over soon and it would feel so good. When he was done, I couldn't process what had happened. He acted like nothing happened. I thought maybe I was overreacting. When I got home, I cried. My skin was swollen and bleeding because it had been torn. I was so mad and upset it had happened and I didn't slap or yell at him afterwards. I felt like an empty shell. I couldn't tell anyone about it. Especially my parents. I knew it wouldn't be handled well and from the experience that occurred freshmen year, I feared it would cause overwhelming stress and nothing would be done. The next day he acted like yesterday didn't happen. I thought maybe nothing bad happened, that I was only overreacting. Flash forward  a month or two and I break up with him due to finding out he was talking shit about me and also I couldn't stand crying everyday because of the way he was treating me.         During the summer, I randomly have a breakdown in the middle of the night. I realize I wasn't overreacting to what happened that day. It was rape. I'm in my senior year and I still see him everyday. He has a girlfriend he's been with since last year whom I sit a seat away from in one of my classes. Seeing both of them everyday is a constant reminder of what he did to me. I've been having family problems and talking to a therapist about it but last week I broke down and told her about being sexually assaulted and seeing the guy and his girlfriend everyday. The thing is, I didn't reveal his name. I told my therapist I don't want to deal with what happened freshmen year but she told me he should deal with some kind of consequence. I'm considering revealing his name. Would it be a good ideaTLDR: My ex raped me. I see him and his girlfriend everyday at school and I can't deal with the constant reminder of what happened anymore. Should I report him?
I don't really have anyone to talk to so I figured I could just post something here?  I just need to let it out.So my story starts only a few months ago. I was visiting family out where i used to live when I was a child.  I'm 25 now, I lived in this area sense I was about 9 until 15.I'm not really sure how to tell this story because I dont remember much. Some flashes but thats about it. So i suppose it starts with me going to a town fair with my dad. It was a fun time, we were drinking beer at this giant tent all these breweries set up at. Near the end I was pretty tipsy. I was leaving with my dad when a group of girls came up to me. I was talking to them earlier, one of their friends was really cute and I wanted to chat with her a little bit. They really wanted me to come to some bar/restaurant with them. I didn't really want to go by myself but they were really persistent. So I told my dad that id go over for one beer then call him for a pick up if that was cool.So nows where it starts to get weird. I showed up at this place and ordered a beer but i swear to god after that i just start to draw blanks. Maybe I was a lot more drunk than I thought? I'm a pretty experienced drinker though and I do think i know my limits.Now I'm just going to skip ahead to the next morning. I was sore and sick. I threw up my guts and I had the worst hang over I've ever had. I couldn't stop shaking and I just felt like my body was numb. Like my arms were heavy? Anyway I figured I just had a horrible hang over for some reason and chalked it up to me going to hard. Over the next few days I started to feel like i was going insane.So i was in bed resting sleeping, I had a dream of an entire building yelling at me. People spitting in my face. People saying i should kill myself. People telling me my father would be happy if i killed myself and i should never talk to him again. I remember someone that i used to go to school with when i was young being there yelling "Faggot" at me. I remember waking up and my heart felt like it was going to shoot out of my chest. I still had no idea what happened but i figured it was a dream.This is going on forever so ill try to cut it short. The next few days i remembered more and more little things. Like one of the men who were spitting in my face and punching me. Ended up being a neighbor. This is the big one that gets me.After awhile I remember having a conversation with a woman. She was asking me if i really didnt know what i did. She then told me that I went into a restroom with a guy and the store manager busted in while we were "having sex" They then dragged us out of the restaurant and threw me outside. Apparently i couldn't even lift up my pants. So i got carried out throw public after being raped with no pants on. Then i guess i just stayed at the restaurant and thats when everyone started with the public beat down.  I remember being punched, spit on, called names. It was like a bad dream. the worst dream. It feels like a dream still, surreal but still real non to less. I don't remember to much more other than riding in a car with my dad and this big truck with a ton of guys in it following our car and my dad asking me what happened.The worst part is is that i guess some people that work with my dad were there and they told him everything. He's upset with me now and i totally understand.... but I would of never done this but I feel like everyone thinks I'm just using this experience as an excuse. I don't even remember what happened in that restroom... thank god... but its still the scariest thing to think about. I don't want to be a victim, i want to be a proud person and live my life with honor and respect for everyone. More so than ever, but now...Its just hard. The fact that apparently i was being raped, they found out it happening. I couldn't even pull my pants up myself so they just head locked me and dragged me out, which resulted in a gang beating and verbal beat down. Not to mention the total embarrassment.The hardest part is how my view of self has been shattered. I'm a tall fit guy. I honestly thought i was kinda a badass. I study Brazilian kick boxing. I feel like i can take care of myself. In that moment though, i was nothing.I'm not homosexual, which its fine if people are. I never judged anyone on sexual prefence but i always knew i was stright. I never had any doubt, i never even thought about it! Now I just remember the crowed calling me a worthless faggot. How did I get into this situation... I feel like this is all my fault. I dont want it to be but if i saw i was raped i feel like im making an excuse. I dont even know how to go about it. I have no idea who did this to me. No memory of a face, of a name, of anything....My poor dad is crushed about it. My mom doesn't know. I dont want to talk with my mom about it because my little brother has been depressed and has attempted scuiced. I don't need her worrying about her eldest now aswell.I don't know why i was writing this. I guess i feel like i needed to put it out there. I want this experience to make me grow into a more sensitive caring individual. I want to become better because of this.... but right now I just don't see how. Thanks for reading this though. Just writing this out has helped a little bit.
I [20 F] recently had a relationship end [25 M] and I'm now trying to make sense of my feelings about some of the things that happened in it. I'm not putting this in the rape subreddit because I think it's rape I'm putting it here because I experienced sexual, physical, and emotional abuse in the relationship I was in before it and because of that I have a hard time trusting my own judgement. There's one specific event I'd really like a second opinion on by some other people who may have moved past bad expeiences.So we dated casually long distance for about a year and a half before we became a couple and I moved to a different state to be with him. I went on a trip to visit him during this period of dating and we had not gotten sexual at all yet. I was very very nervous about getting sexual with someone again (by this point he knew I'd endured some amount of abuse but I hadn't told him explicitly) so I told him at the beginning of the trip I didn't want to get sexual with him on this trip. He was very unhappy and told me I was blue balling him and he needed a release. I said he could masturbate I just didn't want to be in the room. He said that was sad. I kind of feel like he was shitting on my consent and being very cold the whole trip. He asked me if it was okay if he slept naked and I was like eeeeeeeee and so he just did it anyway. Somehow I ended up with his dick in my hand. I wish I remembered how but this was a year and a half ago and I don't. I did not want it there at all. I did give verbal consent. (I really had a very hard time saying no to anything for a long time after the abuse because of the nature of it.) I have a very clear memory of him being on top of me and me having my eye closed, my face all scrunched up and being shaking and him kind of realizing something was wrong and getting off and continuing in a different position.I know this wasn't a great thing for him to do. I don't know how bad it was though. I don't know if I'm being oversensitive because of my history. Do questionable things just happen in every relationship and if it happens just once it's alright? The rest of the relationship was pretty good, this was a long time ago and I might like to reconnect with him as friends at some point. I'm very concerned about my judgement for future relationships because I'm so quick to forgive. There were other instances of not great things he did that I immediately forgave him for like once he masturbated while I was crying in bed and another time he yelled at me and told me I was being a baby while I was having an anxiety attack...How bad was this? How do I judge what's forgivable in the future? I feel like this makes me even more nervous about becoming sexual with new partners because I have an overall pretty positive view of him and if he does this... I'd really love to hear what some of you think.
This is something that happened when I was 17, and for a very long time I blamed myself -- I actually thought I had acted abusively -- until I opened up about it to a friend who said it sounded like I was a victim. Every time the topic of sexual assault comes up it plays on my mind so I thought I'd just ask.I was at a party with some friends. There was this girl there who I'd made out with on other occasions. I knew she was into me but I wasn't into her, however I was suffering very badly with social anxiety at the time and wasn't able to explicitly tell her this.We were all drinking and I got a tiny bit tipsy. She was a lot more drunk than me. There were about seven of us sitting in a living room, and the two of us were on a couch under a blanket. She started to kiss me again and I kissed back.She asked if it was okay and I said yes because I was a bit frightened. Then she fingered me under the blanket and I just... froze up. She made a joke about consent being important but I was literally not able to reply. I completely froze up and I wasn't enjoying it at all and I couldn't say no.I don't really remember the exact sequence of events after that because I was kind of dissociating but she basically eventually stopped because she wasn't getting anywhere with it -- I wasn't feeling stimulated or responding, I suppose.We have spoken maybe once since then.She kept going for a while then kind of gave up and I felt awful. Since then until I spoke to my friend about it I had thought that it was my fault for leading her on by not saying no. I also worry that in the grand scheme of things it's not a very "serious" incident.I'm really sorry to bother with something so trivial but it's caused me a lot of discomfort and I kind of just wanted some help in understanding it.
I went back to my home state to visit some close friends and go to a job fair this weekend and last night I hung out with about 7/8 people just drinking and playing Super Smash Bros. I had 5 shooters (each 80 proof) and I had also gone from sea level to 5k altitude, so I was pretty smashed. I also have a boyfriend that didn't come out with me, but I had my best female friend 5 feet away, so it was all good. I tend to get very drunk and people take advantage of me, so I usually only drink with my boyfriend, but it was a couple really good friends I thought I could completely trust and my boyfriend agreed.I passed out and I woke up with someone on top of me grinding and thrusting very hard but through clothes. I thought it was just a nightmare about getting raped a previous time so I just froze until they put me on top of them and continued grinding. I was still really drunk at that point so I guess I just ignored it hoping it would go away and it did for a while. Then it started picking up again and playing with my breasts and then the person whispered he loved me and I said my boyfriend's name and the guy squeezed my breast so I thought it was my boyfriend. He kept feeling me up and everything and I was moaning my boyfriend's name (it's a name you can shorten, but when we're sexual, I say the full name, so it couldn't have been misheard as anything but that name. So it kept going until I was saying the stuff I usually say to him and then my underwear was moved to the side and there was a dick at my entrance. My boyfriend has never moved my panties to the side. Ever.  And the penis just felt wrong as soon as it touched me. I just knew.I opened my eyes and realized where I was and said no and the guy said "but you liked it and you just said you wanted to" and tried to pressure me, but it wasn't my boyfriend. It wasn't my boyfriend at all. It was someone I trusted and love as one of my close friends. He got a little handsy last time I visited (with me AND my best friend) but he didn't drink that much this time. And not nearly as much as me. So I feel like he knew. I fell asleep because I was still drunk are and since there was no one on the futon when I woke up in thought it was my imagination, but my underwear is moved halfway to the side.I love using my boyfriend's name because my therapist recommended saying it to differentiate between my rape flashbacks and reality, so the guy knew I didn't know it was him. He knew and I feel dirty, but I don't know if it applies or if I'm just panicking over nothing because there was no penetration yet. I don't know what to do. I'm fully sober now because I've been in a full blown panic attack ever since. I've already been raped before, I don't deal with emotions well. Can I just keep this to myself and my therapist? I'm freaking out. Was that even sexual assault? What do I do? I'm so sorry if this is long, but I needed to type it out and I'm scared.
I originally posted [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/rape/comments/55p3mk/i17f_dont_know_if_i_was_raped_again/) on r/rape, so that's the backstory. My ex doesn't believe that I was raped. I tried to tell him the truth, but instead, he called my abuser (26-27M) and asked him for his side of the story. Of course, the older guy blamed it on me. My ex reacted violently and I still tried to talk to him rationally. He was my best friend and so much more, and I really need help coping with all of this. The older guy was also my exes bandmate, so that same night, my ex smashed his bandmates gear in their practice space (guitar, marshall amp) and posted a picture on facebook about how his bandmate is a pedo. Then people started asking him what happened and that's when my ex said "my ex is a whore and my lead singer is a pedo. :)" He proceeded to help bash me in the comments whenever people said fucked up things about me. I get that he's angry, but fuck, that really hurts to look at. He was texting me and saying that I'm a dumb cheating slut, that I'd never change, that he should've cheated on me. That he used every bit of his soul to turn his love into hate. That he despises me. That he's happy because he no longer has to deal with my psycho, manipulative bullshit. That I can "Cry rape" and convince others, but not him. Meanwhile I didn't cheat on him because we had broken up prior to the older guy raping me.So I'm really fucking hurt. And I'm lost. I can't deal with anything right now. I need advice. 
When I was 18 I went out with some of my friends for my ex-boyfriends birthday. I got  so drunk that I passed out. The next thing I remember someone that I know was getting off me down an alley. I got up dazed and sickened by what had happened only to have all of my friends come up to me telling me that everyone had seen me kissing this guy. I felt sickened and disgusted, I was too drunk to consent. I was too drunk to stay awake. What I did in between being drunk and waking up in the alley is completely gone from my memory. So I remember trying to rationalise what had happened, 'if my friends had seen me kissing him surely I consented'. But I didn't, I know that now, when someone is that drunk there is no way of consenting.Part of me still feels like a faker when I read some of the experiences on this subreddit, I was drunk so I deserved it right? To make matters worse, the rumours of what happened spread all the way to my sister and my mum but I just denied it, called the guy a liar. What was I supposed to tell them? That I passed out and woke up with him on top of me? But because apparently people had seen it happening I know my sister still believes I had sex consensually with him. That thought still makes me nauseous. Furthermore, my ex boyfriend believed it and he dumped me. I was heartbroken. I can't tell them now, it would break my mums heart.But now, I am in a relationship of 3 years with the loveliest guy. He is my soul mate. But I have started to get possessive of him, I don't like him going out with his friends and I feel abandoned when he leaves me. I know I'm being irrational and if I give myself enough time to think I know I'm being stupid. Of course I want him to go out with his friends! But since realising and accepting what happened to me I can't always get my thoughts straight and I take it out on him, make him out to be something he isn't just because I feel insecure. I know he won't cheat and I know he loves me but I feel like my thoughts are tinged by what happened sometimes and I get jealous or lonely and I'm plagued with insecurities and self doubt. He has done nothing to earn these thoughts from me and this just adds to my guilt. I can feel myself fucking this up, saying mean things to him that I don't mean and regret instantly. I don't want this to hurt us as it has already shattered a part of me.I feel like this secret is making me go crazy. I feel like including a relationship story on this forum is insensitive but I don't know who else to talk to about this. 
Last October I was raped by a stranger. As a result I got pregnant and had an abortion at 12 weeks. As someone that had always loved and wanted children, it kind of shattered the concept of pregnancy for me - I can't imagine experiencing that again. And while I don't regret my abortion at all, it's extremely strange to grieve for a fetus I never wanted but was still mine.Did anyone else's assault result in pregnancy? What was your experience like?
OK, for some background. I moved in with my mom last December after going through a divorce and while she just started with her own divorce.Our plan was to be there for each other while both going through our own mutual hell.As my mom's lease was up we decided to look for homes.Shortly after we started looking for homes, she met a man and threw herself into the relationship. She started looking at homes with him, while also growing distant from me.She starting chain smoking, even though she has cancer. She started excessively drinking even though she is a decade long recovering alcoholic. She even started speaking with a child accent. She also lost a ton of weight.She removed me from Facebook, stopped texting and calling me after she moved out with this guy.I was greatly concerned, so I started talking to my sister. She was really concerned, we could only rationalize she was on heavy drugs.I spent months being mad at my mom for how she cut me out of her life and how she treated me.Two days ago my sister texted me about my mothet, and what she had to say turned my life upside down.Sis: And I need to tell you about what happened to mom. Brace your self.Me: Ok.Sis: When mom was looking for a house to rent she was brutally raped by someone hiding out in a house she was looking at. She went to look at it and no one was with her, she was given the code to the lockbox and he was waiting inside. Mom barely made it out alive. She has ptsd and has been suicidal. She is just barely not feeling suicidal anymore. And on top of that they never found him. That's why she shut down.I was completely blindsided. I had absolutely no idea. It explains so much why my mother changed so drastically in a short amount of time.Right now I want to be there for my mom, but she cut me out of her life do I don't know how to even begin to reach out to her and I want all the advise I can get. Thanks.TL;DR: My mom changed drastically, I thought it was drugs. Turns out she was brutally raped and barely survived.
Hi reddit. Not sure if I'm coming to the right place for this, but I'll give it a shot on this sub.Last night, I got pretty stoned at a friend's house and came back home late. I got in bed with my girlfriend, and she happened to be turned on when I got home. She was definitely being nice to me just because she knows how nice sex is when you're high, and the first thing she did was put her hand in my pants and start going.All of a sudden, I felt really... weird. This was hardly the first time we've had sex (we've been together quite a while), but I had never felt as off before. All of a sudden, I started having quite literal flashbacks, as if it was a movie. I was, bizarrely, experiencing visions of the hallways of the small Catholic school I attended until second grade in a little town in Maine. I could smell the way the bathrooms smelled, how dusty my classroom was, the colors of the walls, the voice of my teacher, etc. All this wasn't too unusual; I actually regularly have distinct memories of my childhood when I'm high. But something was very different and very wrong this time, because I knew that somehow, the exact angle of her hand in my pants was what triggered this vision. I could picture my principal. I was in the principal's office, I must have been in first grade, I don't remember why I was there. The only association I can make to why I remembered being in this office with this guy in that moment was the sensation of her hand in my pants at the angle she was at in bed. It all of a sudden made me quite distraught and upset.I then realized I had a bunch of strange memories about that school. My parents pulled me out of it in the second grade because they wanted me to attend a public school instead. I don't remember why. I also recall making jokes with my friends in elementary school about the principal of the Catholic school being arrested. I vaguely remember seeing police cars outside of it. I vaguely remember joking about him "touching butts." Now, being high as fuck, I couldn't research this last night. But today it's been the only thing on my mind. For the life of me, I can't find the principal on Google. I can't find him anywhere. I think I remember his name, but it's not showing up. I was wondering if I could find an article on the arrest of a Maine principal, but I've gotten nothing. It's infuriating; I distinctly remember that being a topic of conversation in elementary school when I was a kid. But all of these memories, of this specific incident and otherwise, are just on the edge of my brain, and I don't really know what to do about it. The thought of it makes me very uneasy and kind of sick. There's some element of truth to them, I know; I just don't really know where to go or what to do with it.Any advice for me, guys? I appreciate any insight whatsoever.
a general TW: a little graphic in wording?hi- I've never used reddit before, but i saw that there were subreddits for this kind of stuff and i really need to tell someone what ive been through. ive told no one any of this in real detail and my feelings about, maybe a few internet friends and through blogging.my views on sex and sexuality have been skewed. i think the point where it all started was when i was maybe 5 or 6. (i'm 15 now) my sister, who is 4 years older than me, lead me to the bathroom and ordered me to put a toothbrush inside of her. i had no idea what her intentions were, what this means, and why she was doing this. i obliged, and next thing i remember she had asked me if she wanted to do the same to me. i remember that it hurt, and thats about it.i don't know how much time passed after the next incident, but i'm sure i was older. i dont remember this incident that well, but i remember some parts where she made me try to french kiss her, lick her boob, etc.i remember this becoming a normal thing. i didn't know what i was doing or if it was wrong, but i really dont think liking or wanting sex or wanting attention from men and wanting to dress sexually promiscuous is normal at around age 8. at this time, she introduced me to youtube, i would roleplay on there, talk to strangers, date strangers, way back when youtube had chatrooms, channels with a comment section and when naruto was still a thing. (cue audience laughter)i dont remember much of what happened in my childhood, but those things i do remember. and i do know how it effects me today.my sister is, from what i can tell, still abusive towards me. she just, isn't nice to me. what shes done to me in the past just fuels my anger towards her, i just hate her so much for what shes done to me and now i can no longer be comfortable around her. im not comfortable in my skin, with my sexuality, and god i wish so bad that i could take all of it back and learn all of those things on my own at a healthy age to do so. i recently had to move to a new house, and we had to downgrade from a 3 bedroom to a 2 bedroom house. i've shared a room with my sister my entire life, until finally my grandmother moved out and i took her room and only had it for roughly 3 months. now i'm back with my sister, and i have to share a bed with her too. i hate this, i hate it so much and i just want her to go away and leave me alone for once, i dont know what to do!!sorry for the wordy post, i had to vent
ok so to start this out I’m a bisexual girl. Last weekend I was hanging out with two friends, and one ended up leaving so I went with the other to her apartment. She’s about 3 years older than me. I knew this girl liked me, and I’ve known since last spring. I just wasn’t sure I liked her because I had just started identifying as bi two months before this (i.e. I knew I didn’t but I didn’t know how to handle the situation). I never outright rejected her because I wanted to stay friends and because I’m terrified of confrontation. Anyway we started drinking and smoking weed with her roommate and the roommate’s boyfriend, and then we all went to a frat party together. At this point I was definitely drunk, and probably coming down form the high idk. I haven't smoked in over a year before this. We stayed at the frat party for a bit and then the two of us ran back to her apartment where she gave me even more to drink. We went BACK to the frat and ended up making out. We then returned to her apartment and had sex. Mind you, she knew I was a virgin. She asked me if I was a virgin earlier that night. The next morning she asked if I wanted to meet again and I said yes because I didn’t know what else to say.I definitely was consenting that night, but since then I’ve regretted it so much. We’re both in a club that means a lot to me, but this week I became so anxious when she was in the same room that I wanted to puke. I’m still horribly anxious and I’ve gotten to the point where I feel physically ill. I’m terrified of running into her and I can’t stop thinking about that night and it makes me feel sick. …did I consent and just ended up regretting it or???
So. My friend has been living with her abusive parents. She's been assaulted bbeforeby a group of guys for a whole year.  her patents told her she was making it up for attention. I've tried everything to get her out of that house. And I do everything I can to protect her. I sat outside her house all night when the guys who assaulted her started stalking her. She's always welcome to stay with me but due to years of abuse she won't because she dosent want to be an inconvenience. She can't say no to people especially when theyre being abusive because she's been told that 'its not abuse you're just being sensitive stop being so ungrateful.  Things have been pretty good for her recently until her uncle started to get weird. Im not all that familiar with tech stuff so I don't know if this qualifies as hacking but he's doing something that gives him access to the camera in her laptop. He openly admitted this to her and said "threes nothing you can do to stop me". She's tried putting tape up even breaking the camera but he buys her a new laptop almost immediately.  He constantly tries to get her alone.  Right now he's pressuring her to go on a road trip with him and asking her to bring all of her electronics along. Her parents would never believe her. She's been through so much already I refuse to let it happen again but the way I see it theres nothing I can do. She dosent deserve this.
Short background: It happened before we met, she told me some time after we started going out, she was doing fine but recently started suffering nightmares again, is going to therapy, is on medication. He messaged her a month ago, two weeks ago she saw him at a fair, last week he called. She only told me about each a few days after.When he called he said he wanted to meet up, he couldn't even remember why they argued. It's not my place to go into details, but what I would really like is advice on what to do.I suspect that she feels his dismissal of what happened is denial and creating doubt, but she told me a while ago what happened and there's no doubt about it, not to me at least. What do I say? Do I say nothing? I don't want her to think what he did was ok in any way, but I don't know how to go about any of this. 
Originally posted this on r/offmychest under a different title, for original thread/post [click here](https://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/55o16s/i_slept_with_someone_older_than_me_advice_wanted/)So, I was at some parties and whatnot with friends. My (now again) boyfriend and I broke up over text in a moment of my impulsiveness and weird BPD mood swings. I went in a cab with one of his friends and another friend who was a girl. We were supposed to stay at our male friends place and crash. However, the girl left midway and then I was alone with the guy. He's literally 9-10 years older than me and I'm not legal yet. Anyway, he and I drank a small bottle of champagne and watched stranger things. From one minute to another, I guess I lost conscious-awareness and I somehow regained it in the middle of having sex with him. The worst part is that I was like "wait, is this happening?" because I was shitfaced drunk. He kept saying "yeah never again, we won't ever do this again.[my now bfs name] will hate us both." We fell asleep after the first time, and then he woke me up by having sex with me where I didnt consent. He did that another time (this all happened yesterday) and I somewhat felt obligated to continue, but somewhat just went with the flow. We were both super ashamed once we were sober minded and promised to keep it a secret. He's ashamed of sleeping with a 17 year old. My boyfriend and I got back together this morning. I feel guilty for sleeping with his band mate and I feel like said guy kinda took advantage of me because like I said, I dont remember initiating sex in any way. I suddenly became conscious during it. I'm super anxious and I regret it... What do I do?I feel like my boyfriend wouldn't believe me if I told him. I somehow left hickeys on Older Guy and I don't really remember doing that. It was just me acting on autopilot. I feel like if I told my boyfriend, he would think I was lying to excuse myself for messing with his friend :/ and ive been raped before and then ridiculed for it because no one believed me. I'm also terrified that he will tell my boyfriend or something similar, but I doubt he would because that would break up the band entirely and it would end their friendship. I also feel like although I dont EVER remember saying I wanted sex, at some points, it was consensual to a degree. But it didn't feel right. I kind of dont want to admit that I might just have woken up and he was raping me. When we talked about it, he said he didn't remember how anything started because he was really drunk too and I was like "I'm pretty sure you started it, I wouldn't initiate anything with someone way older than me. And I don't remember it."I'm so fucking terrified right now. EDIT: I spoke to a close friend of mine (21F) and she also slept with Older Guy. She told me she has woken up to him putting her hands on his dick meanwhile she didn't consent at all. She turned around and had to pretend it didn't happen. 
Hi all. This may be a bit of a long one, will try to keep it brief as possible. Thanks in advance to anyone who can give their input.So I'm a man who, until yesterday, was in a relationship with the kindest man I've ever met. We're both in our 30s, had been together 7 months, and I'd fairly recently come out of a relationship where I'd been cheated on multiple times.About two months in, he told me he was still on Grindr (I'm sure most people know what that is but just to be clear it's a gay hookup app). He said he used it only to make friends, as he found it hard to make friends in real life. I told him I'd been cheated on before and I just wasn't cool with it, even if it was to make friends somehow. He agreed to come off it because I'm his priority because we'd agreed to be in a monogamous relationship.His background is that he was raped as a child and it affected his relationships as an adult. He's only had one serious relationship before, and in that he was unable to have full sex with his BF, only with strangers. He found it hard to not separate sex and love. They were in an open relationship so no one was lying to each other, but it didn't work out. He said I was the first person he could ever have a serious relationship and full sex with.I noticed one day he still had Grindr on his phone even though he said he'd come off it (I wasn't snooping, he was showing me something on his phone and I caught a glimpse of it). I downloaded it myself, made a fake profile and contacted him. I asked if he wanted to meet up that night for sex (as this pretend stranger) and he said yes.I went to his house and confronted him about it. He said he was incredibly sorry, he wouldn't have actually met the guy and hasn't slept with anyone else since we've been together. He basically said the vicarious thrill was something he needed because of his experience. He wanted to be only with me, but he somehow also needs to know he could also have sex with other people. I guess he sort of plays along and lives through it in his head without actually doing it, is what he's said. It seems obvious that there's still an element of not being able to unite the concepts of sex and love, which I believe is common among rape survivors so I sympathise with that. Our sex life had been healthy though as far as I was concerned and I was happy he trusted me enough to go as far as to have full sex and also have a relationship with me.I may sound incredibly naive, but part of me believes there's a chance he could be telling the truth. At first I thought it was 100% concrete evidence he was sleeping with other people, but I wonder if, given his trauma, he does just this make-believe situation via Grindr to keep his mind in check. I think without the rape context, pretty much everyone would brand him as guilty. I can't talk about this with anyone in real life as I'm not at liberty to tell them about his rape, so to them it will just seem like he's obviously a cheater and that's it.Now, even if he's telling the truth, there are multiple issues here: Firstly, I went through an awful experience with my last partner and had to have therapy afterwards because I felt so low about myself for being cheated on. Also, I'm an old-fashioned monogamist in the sense that I don't even think flirting in a bar is okay (for me as an individual, other people outside of my relationship can do what they want of course), let alone talking about meeting strangers for sex on an app. Finally, I believe his behaviour is unhealthy, but if that's really what he needs, perhaps he deserves a partner who is fine with him either being in an open relationship or at least being a bit silly on Grindr. There's also the possibility that all of this is a massive lie to keep me with him and he's been having sex with strangers every minute my back's been turned.I don't think I can let him carry on like this for the sake of my own mental health, so maybe it's better if he finds that with someone else? He has insisted he doesn't actually want an open relationship. Maybe, with therapy, he could sort this out and not feel he needs sex with other people (or even the imaginary concept of it via an app with strangers). I guess what I can deal with for the sake of the relationship is up to me to think about, though.I'll highlight again that this was a fairly short but very special relationship. I've honestly not ever met such a like-minded and kind person and was beginning to allow myself to imagine marriage (obviously not yet, but I was getting good long-term vibes).Anyway, I'd love to hear people's perspectives. As it stands I've broken up with him and said I don't believe he hasn't been sleeping with other people. He promises me he hasn't, this is all just the effect of having been raped as a child and he's really sorry he lied about coming off the app.tl;dr: Caught BF of 7 months, who was raped as a child, on Grindr. I made a fake profile and initiated an invitation for sex, which he accepted. Confronted him and he says he does it because he needs the vicarious thrill/make-believe situation of arranging sex with strangers due to his truma, but he doesn't actually want to do it.
TW assault/Self-harm, alcohol, drugs, self-destructive behavior maybe?Hi. I was recently in a committed relationship with my partner. We had had sex before. We hadn't seen each other in a while (about a month, due to travels), and I decided to crash at her place. We were cuddling and kissing on her couch and watchnig a movie, and I was running my hand up and down her chest (not intending it to be erotic?? I just missed her???) and like, she got mad at me for teasing her. We started making out and then things were getting more frisky, and I turned our subject back to the movie. This happened 5 or 6 times, me stopping us, before she turned off the movie and grabbed my hand and took me to the bed. I didn't object because I felt like I had teased her, and I mean, I kinda wanted it.But like, I had tried to stop it, and I felt empty and hollow during, and I began crying near the end, and she made me finish inside her which she knew was like, really something Big to me, and I cried after too. And there was just all this pressure during. I didn't realize that that was weird though, I just assumed sometimes you don't enjoy the sex and feel hollow. I blamed it on my religious upbringing.But then we broke up and I was cuddling with my friend and talking about it and I broke down crying, and my friend was wonderful and lead me through how I felt, and I realized I felt really violated and traumatized from it. I met up with my ex to talk it through, and she admitted that she could tell I wasn't into it/was being pressured into it. I've had a downward spiral since the last couple months. I've begun drinking more (getting completely wasted once or twice a week), smoking constantly (tobacco and weed), and going to unsafe areas/parties while drunk. I've also gone back to self-harming in the way I used to. I spoke about this with my new therapist, and she told me that what I went through was assault, but that doesn't feel right.But calling it consensual feels ***wrong***. I didn't want to go through with it and she *knew* that. So what the fuck is it???
Using a throwaway for obvious reasons.Don't really know if anyone has been through this or ever felt this way....but I'm seeking advice on how I can make sex more meaningful in my relationships. Some background. I feel like sex never meant a lot to me, my parents told me my virginity was a big deal but I never saw it that way. I lost my virginity to a guy when I was 14 and I never saw him again. After that, I would casually hookup and never got into anything serious. And by casual I mean having sex with a guy as a one night stand or the second time hanging out. I never had a boyfriend until college and felt like guys couldn't even take it that far with me because I would just give in too easily. If that makes sense? A couple months into college I blacked out at a party and was raped by 3 guys. I never told anyone and I didn't think anything of it because in my mind i believed that I put myself in that position by drinking too much. Also, because I was so used to having causal sex....I didn't think anything of it. I already also had a nasty rep of sleeping around and people were at the point of just making up rumors that I fucked this guy or that guy and people just believed it. Fast-forward a year later I starting dating this guy who was just absolutely terrible. Emotionally and physically abusive and crazy manipulative. I opened up to him about what happened freshman year and he told me he heard about it and that it was my fault for getting into the situation and that I'm nothing better than a piece of meat. Just going on and on about how I'm pretty useless, which solidified what I already thought about the situation. We were together for over a year and I finally broke things off and about  8 months later I started dating a different guy but similar to most guys (i don't know what it is), I'll have sex with them the first or second time meeting. Then nothing develops obviously because the emotional feelings just aren't there. Now another 8 months later I'm out of college and I just met this super amazing guy who was taking me on a couple of dates and treating me great only to recently tell me that he's not looking for anything serious. So we just ended up having sex and I'm really not interested in seeing him again. Obviously I probably shouldn't have done that, but I feel like I also convinced myself I wasn't looking for a relationship after he told me he wasn't either.Sometimes after I have sex with these guys I feel like shit and I feel useless like that's all I'm good for. I feel like I have a hard time saying no and will just give in because I feel like I don't deserve anything better. I feel awkward with guys because I don't know how to even form some sort of serious relationship without just fucking right off the bat. It's not really even that I'm looking for a relationship at all. I don't really know who else to talk to about this because my friends haven't been through this and most don't know about what's happened to me in my past. I feel like it's easy to say "uh close your legs, it's not hard", but when people have been telling you that's all you're good for and you feel like you don't deserve anything better, then it's hard to do that. I don't believe in that true love, fairytale romantic story......but I do feel like sex should be meaningful. When I have sex with guys I just feel like I lose interest because I think that's all they want. Sorry for the novel, but has anyone ever felt this way? Or can give me some insight on how I can start perceiving sex differently? It's probably something I just have to work on and control myself....it just seems so hard. TL;DRI can never take a relationship seriously and end up having sex with guys because I feel like that's all I'm good for. 
Hello, my girlfriend is a rape victim, and sometimes if we watch a film that includes a rape scene she gets triggered.  I was wondering there was a place where I could easily find out if a movie has a rape scene in it, and how severe it is.
Uh, hi, Reddit. I don't know if this is the right place, but I need help nonetheless. I'll change some non important details for privacy. Sorry for the length. So, I guess backstory first:When I was 7 years old my family wasn't doing well financially. Like, really not doing well. We had already been very poor for all my life, but when I was 7 years old it hit its worst. We had to live in a homeless shelter for a few years. During that time I was molested by an older kid there. I think he was fourteen or fifteen at the time. In the back of the place was a secluded area that had a playground type thing. Almost everyday he would take us back there when the adults weren't around. He would tackle us onto the ground so we couldn't move and... feel us. This went on for about a year and a half I think.Years passed and I just tried to ignore it. Pretend it didn't happen. I felt guilty, but not because it happened. I felt guilty because I feel like I don't deserve to be in pain. I feel like it could be so much worse. I mean, he never felt inside our pants, only the outside. He never *physically* hurt us. It could have been forceful. I could have been kidnapped. If I was a girl could have been fully raped. Even some of the other kids there got it worse. He forced some kids to, uh, use their mouths... It could have lasted 20 minutes. An hour. Hours. But it was just a few minutes of being pinned down and touched. I can't convince myself that's bad enough to deserve to be in pain.So, like I said, I have tried to just ignore it. But recently the possibility of that working has been shattered. In school we started reading a new book. The book's main character is a 15 year-old rape victim. It's not like it was anything horribly graphic or insane, but the way the rape scene in the book was depicted was, let's say, too familiar. Luckily I was reading that part at home, and not at school. As I was reading I had to throw the book down and run to my room. I couldn't breathe, I wanted to vomit, I started crying. I hid under my blanket for the rest of the night. I haven't stop thinking about it for 5 days. Reading that made it so real again, it feels awful. I feel awful. But I feel worse for feeling awful. I don't feel like I should feel this way. I don't feel like I deserve to. I have no idea how to feel better, how to fix anything. I need help.Now the last part. Three years ago I met my girlfriend. I'll call her Erin. Erin and I became friends and over about a year our friendship grew into a relationship. And it has been amazing. She is the most amazing person. She's nice, and smart, and beautiful. I know we're young, but we truly have a great relationship. We've argued, but never "fought". We've had big problems, and have had to deal with some horribly difficult things together, especially for a young couple. But we always talked about everything, and even though we may have been angry at each other, we always talked to each other and solved our problems together, ending up with a stronger relationship because of it. My point is, we have a very strong relationship, and I really think we truly love each other. We decided together that we weren't going to have sex until after high school, so that in case birth control failed we could at least care for the child. Although we haven't had sex, we have had oral and other such things. Now, our sexual relationship has been just as good. We've been safe, healthy, caring, and always put each other first. I've been perfectly capable of having a healthy sex life. I guess the trauma remained a mental thing and not so much physical. So the last part of this is that I think I need to tell her. I trust her more than any other person, and I need help from her. I think she's the only one who can help me through all of this. So here's what all of this sums up to: How can I deal with what happened to me? How can I find it in myself to convince myself I deserve to be hurt, so I can heal? How do I tell my girlfriend? I'm so scared.     **tl;dr**: I was molested when I was 7. I feel like it could have been worse and so I don't feel like I deserve to be hurt. I think this is keeping me from being able to heal. I need help from my gf, how do I tell her? Like I said above: "How can I deal with what happened to me? How can I find it in myself to convince myself I deserve to be hurt, so I can heal? How do I tell my girlfriend? I'm so scared."
First a little backstory. I met a wonderful young lady on an app called talkilfe, and she was just dumped by her boyfriend because a girl came to him and said that he had had sex with her and had gotten their pregnant. She's 18, He's 19. So after their relationship of 3 years, he just leaves her for this broad, putting salt on the wound by calling her his sister. I helped her as best as I could and I actually made her happy. Fast forward to last night the last thing she said to me was there was someone at her door. I didn't hear from her for hours and when she came back she told me it was her ex and four of his friends. It was hard to pry out of her but they raped her. LIKE FUCKING ANIMALS... I never swear and this has me so incredibly upset. I was with her all the way when she came back. I helped her make the hard decision to grab her friend and go to the police station. Then she wanted to go back to class but i told her to go to the hospital to make sure she wasn't pregnant or have any STDs. I'm so glad she listened to me. I've barely known her but it's in my nature to care for people who need help. I wasn't sure if she would trust me, as I am a guy of the same age, but I'm glad she did. I was finally able to get some sleep but now my stomach is absolutely killing me and it's hard to breathe. I couldn't stop shaking last night or this morning. I can't stop. I feel guilty after helping her through this rough time, some pricks came and destroyed it. I'm so livid. I don'T know what to do. I want to kill them all but unfortunately they're in a different country. I want to go and slaughter them. It's better than what they deserve. I need help coping with this. I care about her so much but I hate this feeling of helplessness more than anything. I feel like I could have done something if i were closer. No one should have to go through this on their own. I am told by her friend though that she's taking care of her. But her parents are in Dubai and won't be back until next week. If the court of her parents don't do anything, I will.
Hello! I recently began therapy for the first time in my adult life, and it's been pretty good so far. I confessed, for the first time ever to another person, that I had been raped last September. I'm currently on anti-depressants, which has been a roller coaster but hopefully it'll settle down soon. I'd say I've suffered from depression for a long time, but I understandably took a dive after the rape. I felt and still kind of do feel very uncomfortable talking about the ordeal, it's not exactly something I want to recount or remember. In the few months after it, I felt so dirty, disgusting and used. I wanted nothing more than to just disappear. It really felt like a piece of me had been stolen and I'd never get it back. I tried so hard to be my normal self as to no raise suspicion but it was hard, I felt like I was crumbling. I began to be weary of every single person I met, not sure of what their intentions were. I couldn't trust any guys, no matter how hard I tried. I was in a very brief relationship for only a month around December, which was silly, because I wasn't ready and I was completely unstable. It naturally didn't end very well. I had flashbacks whenever I was touched in an intimate way. I worried I'd never be able to be intimate with anyone again. Speaking to my therapist so far has been good. She asked what I wanted most out of our sessions. I replied I wanted to be more confident, I wanted to stop being so hard on myself and I wanted to be like myself again. It's only been a few weeks, but I already feel different. I didn't have anything from me stolen that night. I'm still a whole, complete person. No boy is going to sweep me off of my feet, kiss my scars and tell me that he loves the survivor in me. I'm going to start loving myself, appreciating how strong my body and mind is, and I'm going to stop blaming myself. I'm so ready to get better and to start a new chapter of my life. To anyone else who has been raped/sexually abused/etc., I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry it has happened to you and you have had to go through it. But I promise you right now, you are still a wonderful human being. You're going to go through some pretty damn hard times, but there's a light at the end of the tunnel, and a whole bunch of people cheering you on. I love you, Reddit. Thank you for always listening to my shitty rants on my throwaway accounts. x((Sorry if this post was an absolute rambling mess, I'm not good with words and/or format!))
an acquaintance of mine has been raped, except she is so young, 6 years younger than me. i barely know her, but the circumstances are so tragic and what's happened to her is so horrific. I found out last night and i've been on the verge of tears all day - i just am terrified for her, her family, close friends, other people her age who are now potentially even more at risk, and even if not, must too be terrified. details are not known, but i keep replaying in my head what must've happened to her, and i can't get her or the general event out of my mind. i'm just so sad, confused, terrified and i don't know what to do. i don't want to make a big deal out of it because what i'm experiencing is nothing compared to my friend, or her friends or family, but i feel like nobody around me understands why I'm sad and i just want to be able to talk about this, which i do, but it's not enough. i want to do more. i want to help her. her friends. her family. i need help too. but thinking about it just makes me cry and i'm so lonely and lost. sorry for this rant. it's the only place i can write about this. thank you. 
I feel like I used to have a vague fear and now I have a real fear. I will go times where everything will be normal but then I'll think of how easy it would be for someone to rape me and get away with it. Like before. I just wish Everyone had a bubble where if someone crossed it they had to be welcomed. I always just think, what the hell, it's not like I'm going to be believed. I just want to think of nothing. It feels like there are flashes that will come where I'll think about the people around me and how easily one person could wreck it and no one would even know because I wouldn't want them to know. It feels like a big load of hopelessness. 
I've been living with my attack for 10 years and suffer ptsd, night terrors, sexual triggers and much more, I finally took the step to getting some help and have been booked in for an assessment. I feel like I'm going to be in a lab with Dr's humming and areing at me. What should I expect?
This is embarrassing for me. I spend a lot of time fantasizing about being successful. I’m thin, beautiful, smart, talented, and in control. Everyone likes me and thinks I’m worthwhile. One day I make a personal statement. about my sexual past. I talk about the trauma, the promiscuity, the loss of libido. The fear. It’s a tasteful statement. I tell people it gets better. If I can get through it, they can. People appreciate it.I guess I often think about cutting. I haven’t cut in almost 6 years. When sex happens I’m flooded by wanting to fillet my skin and pull out all my hair. I want to put my head through the wall and my last thoughts will be that I’m finally escaping. Everything will hurt except for my sexual organs.I wonder if my fascination with cuts, bruises, and scrapes are somehow from a desire to be understood which sounds stupid as fuck. When I would cut I had a fleeting sense of euphoria (maybe). I’m always proud to show off injuries, but not the ones that I did myself. Those are a source of shame.What I’m getting at is that having injuries was sort of me wanting people to see/acknowledge that I was suffering. I didn’t want the help or sympathy or whatever; just wanted people to see I was struggling. This is also stupid as fuck.So many times I’ve wished for a physical injury or disease instead. People would see it and accept it and not question it. I would be able to talk about my injury. Almost no one wants to hear about being beaten while fucked. Or having anal sex as a child with a man twice my age.I feel so fucking alone in this. I wish I could say, “I am hurting so fucking badly” and people would accept it and move on. Understand, maybe.If I can’t start having real, normal, nice sex soon, I will lose him. I will have lost the best part of me. Even if I was attractive, no one would want to be with a mentally ill, ex-stripper, herpes-ridden, unemployed loser who can’t even fuck right. I have nothing to offer. If I have nothing to give, I have nothing to live for.
Tl;dr: My mother touched my private area once when I was in elementary school, a memory that I buried for several years. I remembered that it happened around 6 years ago, and since that time, I have become hurtful and sometimes violent toward her. I need help controlling myself and don’t know what to do.When I was younger, my parents were extremely violent and abusive to each other. There was a lot of screaming and physical fighting between them. I often had to intervene, even as a kid in elementary school, because they would hit each other with broomsticks or throw plates at each other. They were also frequently physically and verbally abusive with me. My father once shoved me onto the floor because I tried to change the channel on the TV while he was watching it. I tried halfheartedly to commit suicide a couple times when I was a teen, and my mother found out because she saw the wounds on my arms. During an argument over the fact that I broke her favorite standing fan, she asked me why I shouldn’t just try to kill myself again.I am not proud, but I picked up on some of this behavior and became verbally abusive toward my parents throughout my teens. After I hit 20, I realized that I need to stop, so instead, I just try to ignore them completely because I cannot forgive them.Ignoring my father is easy. Ignoring my mother is very hard. Whenever she is near me, my temper flares, and I feel myself wanting to scream. I can usually suppress it, but I sometimes fail and end up yelling at her to leave me alone. She often tries to pick lint off me – but only ever around my butt or thighs, never the lint on my back or arms – and whenever she does, I have to fight the urge to punch her in the face. I have never done so. I just leave the room.About 5 years ago, I think I realized why I have this problem with her. I was laying in bed, ready to go to sleep, but my mind was wandering over my day. I don’t know what triggered it, but I suddenly remembered that when I was in elementary school, something happened. I was laying on my back with my legs spread in the air. I think I was pretending to be a dead bug, but I’m not sure. My mother took her index finger and ran it really roughly down my privates. I remember crying or flinching, and I remember her laughing and saying it was a joke.I haven’t known how to process this information. Sometimes I just ignore it. Sometimes it freaks me out and I want to cry. It explains a lot about why I freak out if she tries to touch me, and it also makes her lint-picking habit extremely creepy.The problem is, it’s actually totally possible that she thought it was funny and a joke. Guys, I’ll be honest – she is not bright. This is not just me being vindictive. She’s not an intelligent person whatsoever, and I can totally see how she would think she did nothing wrong.I’ve thought about confronting her, but I already know how it’s going to end. As with anything negative I say to her, her response is either A) “I’m your mother! I can do what I want.”, B) “That didn’t happen.”, or C) “Okay, I know. You have to forgive me because that’s just the way I am.”Reddit, I’m incredibly confused and don’t know what to do. I want to stop having these violent thoughts, and I want to stop being verbally abusive to her because I know that it’s wrong. But what she did was also wrong, and she would never in a million years apologize. She has apologized to me once in my entire life during an argument over whether I should have to do homework, and I guilted her for beating me with a stick when I was little for spilling soup on a keyboard.Finally, I don't even know if this was sexual abuse. What was this? Was she just being weird? I don't know how to feel anymore.
It’s been one week since I was raped. It’s been 6 days since I told my best friend that her boyfriend had sex with me whilst I was unconscious and drunk. Its been 6 days since she told me that I wasn’t the victim and that she couldn’t believe me, that she was so disappointed in me and since she refused to admit that it was rape rather then sexual intercourse. Its been such a long week of shamefully telling those who I care about, STI checks, sobbing during pap smears, emergency contraception, hanging my head low, booking psychologist appointments and trying to convince my best friend that I’m not fabricating. So I’m turning to the Internet for reassurance and answers. The night/morning it happened- id been working since 10 am, I got home at 10:30 pm and as soon as I parked my car she called me, she told me shed been knocking back coffee after coffee all shift and was too wrestles to stay at home. I insisted I picked her up and we’d decide what to do from there. I was extremely tired and just wanted to have a few drinks at mine and watch a movie. She was very set on going to the club because her boyfriend (they’ve been dating/screwing for 6 months) was there. So she eventually convinced me to come out by telling me shed pay for my drinks and I could pay her back (I get paid biweekly and it was a few days before payday, I had $7 in my bank account). So I got dressed, put on a pair of black jeans, a t-shirt and some sneakers, quickly touched up my makeup, and didn’t bother doing my hair. I wasn’t feeling too crash hot so I didn’t feel like getting dressed up. I wasn’t intending on getting with anyone that night. A small backstory of her relationship- footnote – so as I said they’d met 6 months ago, at a nightclub. They’d hooked up that night and he got her number, they later began to date. Shed fallen pretty hard for this guy, she knew he had a poor character but she was pretty blinded by her feelings for him. One of my other friends who had met him had described him as sleazy, that he gave her an uncomfortable vibe; she hated being in a room alone with him. But my best friend was hooked on him for god knows what reason. He had done things like obviously check out girls in front of her, brag about getting with chicks in front of her, and got mad at her for things that he had done or would do himself. The night that I was sexually assaulted by him, he’d told her she was “slutty” and denied it to her when she got mad. He’d been caught out lying several times by her, and she’d often come to mine complaining about how poorly he treats her. Back to the night- my sister who recently moved out said she was heading into Northbridge (where the club was) and said she could drop us in if we came to hers first. I grabbed a few beers from him and we drove to my sisters, where I drank the beer on an empty stomach and began to feel slightly buzzed. My mood changed almost immediately. We left my sisters and she dropped us at the front door. We saw him and his friends out the front of the club smoking. After chatting to a few people we knew out the front we joined the line and we were in the club within 30 minutes. Once we got in he said he was leaving but shed convinced him to stay. So whilst she got us our second round of drinks the night began to kick off. He and I stayed in the crowd and danced. She bought one more round later on that night (each round was four drinks, two for her, two for me) and my total reached about 7 and a half drinks all up. The night got foggy from thereon in, there’s about 2 hours of very flickery memory. At about (I assume) 3 am we walked out the front and decided to catch an uber home. I wanted to go back to mine because I’d told my parents I’d be home that night. But she was too keen to go back to his so I caved and we agreed to get food on the way home. I don’t remember much of the uber ride, I remember sitting in the back seat drunkenly dribbling a bullshit conversation to him. Once we got to his we jumped a fence and got into his house. This is where my memory skips again. It picks back up, they’ve gone to sleep in the lounge room, I’m laying in his bed (two double mattresses on the floor) and his friend who went home earlier was on one mattress up against the wall and I’d gone to bed on the second mattress on the opposite side of the room. From there I tossed and turned for a while and kicked off my clothes. I rolled up in a blanket and laid on my stomach, I fell asleep there, with my ears ringing and the room spinning, incredibly drunk. When I woke up still laying on my stomach, I felt something exit me, I slightly opened my eyes and begun to become aware of my surroundings. I heard someone leave the room and what I initially thought was a drunken realistic dream I came to realize was someone going outside. I sat up, panties pushed to the side, disoriented and confused. My initial reaction was to put some clothes on that I found on the floor and investigate. Now I wish I’d just gone back to sleep and forgotten about it completely. I followed to rustling outside and her boyfriend was sitting on a chair smoking. I pulled out a cigarette and asked him what had happened. Initially, he told me that we’d made out, that we had sex. I begun to choke up, I told him that I didn’t believe him and that I was on my stomach the entire time, that it was impossible. His story changed and he told me that I was moving. I had no grounds to deny that, but I did know that I wasn’t conscious at the time, I may have squeemed in my sleep but it definitely wouldn’t be the movements of someone who was awake. He asked me what I wanted to do and the guilt started to kick in. I begun to question myself, I wondered if I had actually had sex without knowing it, if this was cheating or not, I didn’t know what to make of the entire situation and I began to sob. I told him that I thought it was rape; he sighed and denied it, telling me it was sex, and he told me that it would break her heart if she ever knew. I vaguely remember agreeing not to say anything, after all he was my friend and she was my best friend. I didn’t want to hurt anyone, and why would I feel so guilty if I wasn’t. My reasoning was still questionable, I was still very drunk and the sun started to rise. We went back inside and I went back to the bed where I was at the beginning of the night. I laid awake for what felt like a few hours thinking about what had happened. I came to no logical conclusion where our friendship wouldn’t be discarded. When I eventually wore myself out I went to sleep (for probably an hour or two) and woke up to her coming in the room for a cuddle. I tried to act as natural as I could that morning, but I had a million thoughts rushing through my head. I hadn’t yet made sense of the situation. The boys had all left to pick up some drugs and I was then left alone with her. I continually thought about pushing the words out but had no idea what to say or how to say it. This was so far from black and white that I was still coming to terms with it all. I caught an uber home and she walked me to the front of the driveway. At the top of the driveway I thought about saying something again, but was still in a state of shock, denial, and confusion. I couldn’t figure out why I felt guilty. If my recollection of events was correct, then why was I so ashamed? When I got in the uber I began to cry, I was silent the entire ride home and apologized to the driver, telling him id had a horrible night and I wasn’t up to conversation. When I got to my sisters, I got my keys and drove to my house. I sat in the car for 20 minutes sobbing and desperately trying to figure out what to do. When I eventually calmed myself down I went inside and to my luck, my sister was visiting my parents. I avoided looking at my parents because it was obvious id been crying and motioned for my sister to follow me upstairs. I sat at the end of my bed and cried, I told her, shaking, that I think I’d been raped. When she hugged me I lost my self-control, bursting into tears and asking her what to do. She reaffirmed that I had to tell my best friend, but first to have a shower and clear my mind. I followed her instructions and later that day messaged my best friend, saying that I needed to talk to her and that it was kind of important. I tried to make the texts sound like it wasn’t a huge deal; I didn’t want to freak her out over text. I knew she was staying with him that day and going to a party with him that night.At 1 am the next morning I received a text saying “you absolute cunt of a human. Fuck you.”The telling- she agreed to hear me out, we arranged to meet at hers at 10:30 at about 10 am. I was quick to get dressed in my clothes that I found on my sisters floor (I stayed at hers that night) and I arrived at hers at 10:10. Realizing that she wasn’t home yet, I drove to the nearest coffee shop and used what little money I had to buy her and I a coffee. When I got back to hers an uber puled up behind my parked car and she got out. She looked upset rather than angry. I still felt guilty and confused. Knowing that he’d most likely switched the story in his favor, I began to explain that I wasn’t awake, that I didn’t know what to do, that I was confused and conflicted. She then told me to drive to his so she could get a clear story. When at his, the adrenalin kicked in, he’d told her that I bit his finger so I must have been awake, that he thought I was her, that the sex lasted 30 seconds, that I was in on it, and that I threatened him with violence not to tell her. He did have one thing straight, that he initiated every thing, that he made every move. We argued and talked for 3 hours about what happened, when I called him out for bullshit he would get aggressive, told me that I was full of shit, that he knew ‘exactly what type of person I am now’.She was angry, said she may have had believed me if I told her straight up, said that I wasn’t the victim, said that it would have been impossible for me to remain asleep throughout it, that I shouldn’t have been sleeping there [in his bed] in the first place, that I shouldn’t have kicked off my clothes, that I was inappropriate. She said she was so disappointed, refused to acknowledge that it wasn’t sex, it was rape, said that consensual or not, I had sexual intercourse with her boyfriend. She said that if it was any other of her friends, they would have spoken up immediately, asked me how I looked her in the eye the next day and acted like everything was normal, told me I was disgusting. She mentioned that If I was sober enough to climb a fence, that I would have been sober enough to wake up during the sex, that I didn’t have as much to drink as I usually do and so I mustn’t of been that drunk. I tried to get my point across. That I was confused and I didn’t know what to do, that I needed to get my head clear, that I didn’t want this and that I didn’t say yes, that I don’t know how I slept through it, but I did. I tried to reason with her, tell her that there was no easy guide to rape, that when it involves someone you trust the lines become even more blurred, that I wouldn’t lie about this. At the end of the conversation, I said that I was going to leave; there was nothing else I could input and asked to speak with her away from him. I hugged her and apologized, said that I knew she didn’t believe me but it’s the truth, that I was sorry for what she was going through and that I would like to talk to her at a later date when everything had cleared up and we weren’t so emotional. She said that if it did happen, then she was so sorry for me.About 3 hours later that day I called her and asked if she was okay, she’d just left his house, she reiterated her disappointment, disgust and disbelief.What made me write this today, is that whilst I’ve been battling this, she’s taken him back, posting a video of him driving, smiling on Instagram; “dimples ☺”. I’m not hurt purely because she believes him over me, even though he blatantly admitted that he did it all himself, I’m hurt because I’ve now witnessed someone take back my rapist, and now he’s smiling because he’s won, and I’ve lost what I valued most. This may ring in his head one day soon, it may come up in fights, but for me, this is forever, its branded into me, its already augmenting my behavior and I feel like it will continue to. I will forever be the girl who slept with her best friends boyfriend and falsely accused him of rape. I struggle to think about how I’m going to bring this up in future relationships, after all its something that I feel should be discussed with serious partners/friendships. I wonder if ill ever be able to go out to the places I enjoy again because they might be there, they might get angry and humiliate and shame me, or hurt me in ways that I couldn’t dream of. They’ve already spread word of their understanding of the situation, I worry that the next person I meet will have heard a twisted, rigged version of the truth. There are probably people out there that would like to see me dead, my best friend included. I’m concerned that this is a long battle, and one that I am not equipped to fight. There is no longer a light at the end of the tunnel and this incident may never stop manifesting in my mind. I’ve made mistakes before, I’ve cheated, I’ve lied, and perhaps this is why she doesn’t believe me. I tried so hard to do the right thing, and I’ve concluded that the right thing isn’t always the best thing. That justice doesn’t prevail, and that the nice guys finish last. I’ve spent a week replaying the moment things went wrong in my mind, what I could have done to prevent this, what I could have done to change the outcome. I’m struggling to grasp what I did to deserve this. I feel like I’m in a bubble, or that I have a scarlet warning written on my forehead. This isn’t ‘just how life is’ and this isn’t ‘just a tough run’. I was raped, by someone I trusted, whilst I was passed out, and my best friend doesn’t believe me. 
Alright, I'll try make this brief. My neighbors live across the road from me and my fiance, they've been here ever since I moved here with my late wife and my three kids. When my late wife died from a heart-attack they were extremely kind, brought over dinner for me, offered to babysit my kids. Turns out they were molesting my eldest son. My neighbor, Katrina is 36, and her husband, Elliot is 40. Their two twins are three years old, meaning my son would've been thirteen years old when they were conceived. So my son has been doing drugs recently, he's probably been doing it for longer but I've only just caught on. He's been doing ketamine on the weekends and for the rest of the week he just stays in his room violently ill. When I found out the cause, I raided his room while he was out trying to find his drugs and bin them, before organizing someone to take him away to rehab. Anyway, I'm looking through the drawers of his dresser and the first thing I find are bags of vomit, he's been vomiting into bags and storing them in his dresser, his dresser is like, a meter and a half long and the entire bottom drawer is just full of bags of vomit, I'm absolutely horrified at this point and my fiance helps me remove all these vomit bags.So we remove all these vomit bags, I'm already on the verge of tears and at the bottom of this drawer is a little black jewelry box. It's locked, and I'm convinced it's where he's keeping his drugs so I force it open. Inside I find photos, around sixty of them of my son in various states of sexual intimacy with my neighbors. In one of the photos he is very clearly being raped by my neighbor Elliot while Katrina is holding him down. All these photos appear as if they were taken by someone else in the room, how my son got these photos or why he has the photos I don't know. I didn't pry, but when he got home I confronted him about it.He told me they didn't do it anymore, and stopped when he was fourteen and he told me their twins were his, which clicks for me. I mean they both look like him. So I thought this must've meant he was 13 when it started, nope. He told me Elliot had been raping him since he was eight, and my son only agreed to impregnate Katrina on camera when he was 13 because they told him they were going to take advantage of me being depressed after being recently widowed, and sexually abuse my other children. And may I say when he was telling me this there was no emotion, he didn't care that I had been through his room, he hadn't care that I had found his vomit bags he just didn't care. There was no emotion on his face.So I'm about to go and shoot these two monsters, but that's when my son gets emotional. He says if I confront them they'll leave our town and most likely our country and he'll never see his sons again. He was extremely upset, so for now I haven't done anything. This all happened tonight, it's currently 2AM here, my fiance is crying, my sons left the house once again, my two other children are asleep and I feel like I'm going insane.I have no idea what to do. 
The first time, I didn't fight. I was going to kill myself anyway. Didn't matter, what's another bump in the road if I'm gonna crash the car right after?But what kills me, is last time, I was trying to get my shit together. I wanted to live. I wanted to be happy. I wanted to go back to school, I wanted to get sober, I wanted to repair my brain. So I fought. I kicked. I pressed my legs together. I said no, clearly. But that didn't matter to him. He went home, and I went to that special place where my brain shuts down and I can't comprehend my own thoughts. He went back to school, and I went back to rehab. He got on with life, and I got nothing but pain. I hope he dies for what he did to me. Cause I fucking did.
I haven't been raped myself, I don't know the suffering you have had to go though. But I am the result of that, and I want to apologise to you all. I am currently a 19 year old, daily reminder to my mum of what happened and I can't imagine what that is like.I am so sorry to all of you people like my dad exist, and that I exist too. I am so sorry. 
My ex-gf (we are still in contatct and friends) has gone to uni for her first year and so far everything was going good until one of her roommates started hitting on her and now he won't leave her alone. He gropes her and puts his arms around her, and apparently he comes into her room at 5am asking if he can cuddle because he is cold, and does not take no for an answer. She has taken to locking her door at night now and she is very worried about being raped. This is a big fear of hers as a few years ago she was actually raped at a party and the wounds haven't healed from that, and now suddenly this is happening.She doesn't know what to do - she told her roommates some of what he was doing and they said they would speak to him but she doesn't think they will. She doesn't want to go to the university as she doesn't think she will be believed or that they will do nothing as she has no evidence or proof. What he has done already counts as sexual assault and she is terrified of it happening again. She hopes that it will die down after Fresher's Week but I am worried about what could happen until then. I asked her maybe not to drink but she said if it happened then she wouldn't be able to stop it drunk or not.I have not gone to uni yet but when I do I will be an hour away from her. Right now I am several hours away from her and I leave for uni in 3 days. I would catch a train but I don't have enough money and also it would make packing difficult. I do not know what to do - I am scared for her wellbeing and I feel.powerless and all i can do is ask her to be safe. My worst nightmare is that she calls me up and says that she has been assaulted. Any help?
Yesterday I had to answer questions about the sexual assault I experienced and the events leading up to it in great detail. I was sworn in. You guys, it was awful. I think yesterday when I left I was in some kind of shock or my brain had shut down. I did okay yesterday evening even though it was a haze. But today was a shit show. I broke down a lot and cried a lot. My Trauma symptoms that I can usually squash down at work armed their ugly heads, even in safe places. I haven't ate much, haven't changed clothes, haven't been able to BE. I have so triggered I can't stand it. I need some support.(I am going to cross post this in some other subs. I am not Ok right now. ) 
Hi, Today my 5 year old daughter was sexually assaulted by a suspected mentally retarded late teen/early adult boy/man today in public. (he pulled her pants down and touched her bottom) I saw it happen and blew up at him, he ran away, the establishment we were in at the time noticed the commotion and called the police who took a statement. If he is mentally retarded, what can i do? I don't really want to press charges but i want it to never happen to another child like my girl again. His caretaker (mother) seemed uninterested even when the police were there taking statements. My daughter has not stopped talking about it, breaking out into tears every now and then since the attack, but she seems OK for the most part, could have been worse so im counting my blessings.
,,,it feels like last week.I was a student of music and theatre at a state college in a port city. My roommate and best friend lived in a townhouse near scrappy downtown, a few blocks away from the police station.My friend was working late that night. She asked me to leave the door open for her, as she lost her keys. I was worried for her safety, so I did. I was working late on a piece of music, so I assumed I would be up anyway.I must have drifted off to sleep, because before I knew it, I opened my eyes, and there, standing in the doorway to my room, was a very tall man, with wide, wide open eyes."Vanessa?" he asked."No, I'm not Vanessa. You must have the wrong apartment," I said, with surprising calm. I recognized this man from a week ago. He had come to our door, asking for Vanessa. My friend said, "There's no Vanessa here.""Are you sure? This is the address she gave me!" he said. It took some time for my friend to get him out, even with my help.And here he was, in my bedroom. My mind raced. He sat on my bed, and we literally had a long conversation I don't even remember what was said. The only thing I wanted was to get him downstairs, so I could get him out of our apartment. And that's what happened, sort of.When we got downstairs, I noticed the deadbolt. It was locked. The guy wanted to slow me down! I nervously turned the lock and opened the door for him. "Well, you have a great night!" I said. He reached his hand to me to give me a handshake, and I took it. In a flash, he pulled me to him and put me in a headlock! I resisted, dragging my feet, as he started dragging me up the stairs. "I'm going to be raped today, maybe killed," I thought. A million things seemed to go through my head What about my parents? What about the play I'm in the day after tomorrow? What about my friend?""Bitch. Cunt. Whore." He said"I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" I blurted out. I'm dead. But then there was something I remembered. I was at someone's house last weekend, and I had perused their bookshelves. There was a book on women's self-defense. I read the whole thing that night. There was something about  throwing your weight against his weak spots. I was easily 200 pounds. So that's what I did. I broke the headlock and screamed as loud as someone whose been taking voice lessons can scream, directly into his ear.The guy took off running. I bolted out the door, screaming and pounding my neighbor's door. Nothing. I ran back in and called 911.The police came and took my statement and took pictures. We rode around in the police cruiser, looking for any sign of him  Nothing. They left, and I called my parents. My dad must have called his nephew who lived in the area, to go sit with me. I didn't know my cousin at all and was very embarrassed. I told them I was waiting for my roommate. She came home just then, and I kinda told them to scram. That still embarrasses me.That night I slept on the floor, with my friend. She went into mother bear mode, getting my stuff moved out to the dorms with her. She haunted the police about finding the guy. They even visited me, telling me to call her off. I just ended up admiring her more, and really appreciating her friendship.Nothing happened after that, except for me looking at books full of criminals. My friend volunteered at a women's shelter and put all of her frustrations into her art.  She was working on fashion design at the time and invited me to her show.What I witnessed was a slick, multimedia show based on our experience. It was sad, and it was joyful. Shirts with me on them! I don't want to be too specific here, but, as she later went into the music business, someone made a film about her, and right in the beginning. she told her/our story. I couldn't have loved her more, and now, thirty years later, we still are very close friends.I'm not trying to say anything positive about the attempted rape (burglary is what the cops called it). I just learned what my roommate is made of and know I am extremely lucky to have that friendship.
I had a fling/prolonged hookups for about a month with a guy the summer after I graduated college, who was a year younger (I was 21 and he was 20). He was very smart, funny, and charming. I'd met him through someone I knew and trusted. If anything, I aggressively pursued him. We had movie & ice cream dates. He lived in the building next to mine, and still insisted on picking me up because it was unsafe for me to walk over alone at night. He never pushed me to do anything that I didn't want to do. In total, we probably saw each other a total of 8-10 times. The sex was just vanilla/normal early 20's sex. It wasn't going anywhere and I was moving/graduated while he still had a year of college so it just kind of faded and we both let it. Fast forward 5 years and something awful happens...which I just learned of 48 hours ago. I start looking at some of my old college pics/posts on facebook, and I search for him because I'm feeling nostalgic. I don't find anything so I google his name and our university...and what I find makes me so sick and sad and twisted inside. I see that last year he died because he committed suicide by jumping off of a building. I then read something about it being linked to the brutal assault of a hotel staff member(where he was staying). I continue reading until I find out that he is believed to have sexually assaulted and strangled a hotel housekeeper, as she was found hours after he committed suicide, in his room, unable to move and in very critical condition. I burst in to tears. I have no idea how I'm supposed to feel. I can't find any information as to whether or not she survived. I know that nothing happened to me, but it is really weighing on me. I feel like I need answers that I will never have. What could have made him this way? Was he always this way? Did he choose not to attack me? I am searching my memory for any signs, and there is just nothing there. I think about things he said and did, and I realize that I barely knew him at all. I know that rapists are someone's friend and brother and volunteer and are smart. In my mind I know that. I just don't know how I'm supposed to feel about any of this, and feel that I can't tell anyone. I don't claim to feel like a victim, but thinking about it does scare me. I wonder what is wrong with me, why I picked up on nothing. He had many opportunities to attack me but did not. I just don't know what could have made him do something so heinous, and I feel sick and guilty to have slept with this person. Am I crazy to feel anything? I knew this person so long ago, and it has no affect on my life now...but it all feels like a bad dream. 
Me and my boyfriend usually have great sex and we like to roleplay. I like him rough with me and sometimes ask him to hurt me (e.g hitting me, pulling my hair). He asked me recently to resist him and ask him to stop because it turns him on and so I did, it was kind of a rape roleplay and I liked it too.I was raped by someone else over a year ago just before we got together and he thought I had betrayed him at the time because he wouldn't believe it was rape. Eventually we got over that and hadn't spoke about it until he asked me about it a few days ago. I told him what happened again, how originally I did want it and asked him back to my house but when we got to my house I changed my mind but he had sex with me anyway despite me telling him no, and raped me. He told me he still doesn't believe it was rape because I had intentions orignally. I was really upset that he didn't believe me.We were in bed when we were talking about this but it was really late and I was starting to fall asleep and I whispered to him "I can't wait to have sex with you in the morning". I was so tired I could barely keep my eyes open, then he pushed me down on to him to give him a blowjob and I kept saying "no, not now, I don't want to". I NEVER turn him down but I was just so tired and not in the mood after talking about me previously being raped. And he just kept saying "you won't be able to stop me fucking you" so he turned me on to my back while I continued to say "stop, I'm serious" and it hurt because I wasn't wet. I said stop again and he said "sorry, I didn't mean to" but he continued for another minute or two. Then he stopped and he started crying and said "I think I just raped my girlfriend". I then started to comfort him because I felt bad even though I shouldn't have.I just don't know if this was rape because I'm not extremely traumatised over it and he said sorry, also because it lasted only a few minutes altogether and because I think he got confused with our usual roleplay when I resist him and tell him to stop.Also we had sex the night after and he kept talking about how hot it was when he had sex with me and tried resisting but he has too much control over me and I couldn't stop him etc.I feel like all this is really beginning to affect me mentally, our roleplays, the way he treats me during sex and previously being raped and him not believing me. I need to talk to him but I'm scared.
I'm working in my doctorate in psychology at the moment and I know my performance has been markedly different since being raped 2 years ago. I started graduate school 15 days after it happened. I managed to just numbly bumble through the past two years while the man who did this to me blackmailed me and threatened to ruin my relationship. I hadn't told my boyfriend (of four years) what happened. Recently, I was FINALLY able to tell him. Now, I'm really processing what happened for the first time. My performance is even worse. Is telling my professors appropriate? What about my practicum supervisor? FYI: practicum is like an internship, apprenticeship, or clinical. I'm working as a therapist and don't want my personal life getting in the way of serving my clients.Basically, does graduate school and practicum need to know? I'm scared to tell them and scared not to.
Hey there everyone. My name is qui9, and I'm a recovering drug user, mainly heroin. I've been in recovery for 15 months. For that entire time I've been on low dose suboxone maintenance. I'm hoping to get off suboxone entirely in six months. I'm in DBT therapy and I really like what it's doing for me. I recognize that I have problems with feeling guilt and shame about the kind of person I used to be, and in some ways, still feel I am. Low self-esteem, no self-worth. That kind of thing. Tomorrow in individual therapy I'm being asked to talk in detail about my rape situation, or whatever you want to call it, and I'm really nervous and ashamed to. I figured posting here might serve as good practice. So here goes:> By the age of 21 I was drinking heavily, snorting MDPV (bath salts), and shooting heroin. Safe to say that I wasn't making good decisions. I went to a bar alone on a Tuesday night and got drunk quickly, and drank until closing. I didn't want to go home, because I didn't want to be alone. I would rather spend the night at some stranger's house than go home, that's how badly I didn't want to be alone with myself. I didn't end up meeting anyone so at 2AM I was sitting outside on the bar's dinky patio at the end of a strip mall in Innsbrook, too drunk to drive myself home, but not really wanting to either. It was freezing - it was February. I didn't mind.> I saw a guy get kicked out of a bar at the other end of the strip, he walked toward me as he screamed obscenities to no one. We struck up a conversation. I find out that he's in training to become a police officer. I tell him what I study in school. Somewhere along the way, I black out.> I come to. I'm driving on the highway, it's after 3AM, and I don't know where I'm going. I have a TomTom on my dash directing me to my destination, so I assumed my phone was dead. I take the next exit and find myself crossing a two lane road in the boonies while it's pitch back out. I stop in the middle of the road to try to figure out which way to go, and I look to my right and see a tractor trailer hauling ass in my direction not too far away. I step on the gas and barely get out of his way in time, causing my car to slightly fishtail at the rear. I was almost hit, and I got a rush of adrenaline from that fear I felt. > This is where I get really mad at myself. This was like a sign from some sort of higher power telling me to stop driving. By almost making me stop. And yet, like the masochistic idiot I am, I kept driving.> I got back on the highway. I don't know how much time passed until I reached my destination. All I can remember is that it was a brick house in the boonies. I black out.> I come to. The man from the strip mall is on top of me, having sex with me. We're both naked in his bed. I asked him if he was wearing a condom - he said no. I asked him to stop, and he said no. I asked him to stop again, and he said that he was almost finished. I tried to push him off of me but he just held me down and finished. He didn't say anything to me. > When he was done, he lied down next to me. I tried to lay there for a while. I figured that this had already happened, it was over, it likely wasn't going to happen again, and I didn't have anywhere to go but home anyways. It was almost 5AM. I hadn't slept all night. After an hour of trying to sleep in this uncomfortably hot house I gave up and got back in my car and drove back to town. The drive took over an hour.> I drove to Sonic and ordered sweet potato tots and cheddar peppers - fried food to soak up the alcohol, as I was still slightly drunk. I sat there in my car, sobering up, trying to piece together all that happened the previous night, and I'm just broken. A broken person, trying  anything she can to not have to feel so broken all the time. I lose my shit in my car at Sonic for a few minutes, then compose myself, and go home to sleep. I probably shot up heroin later that day. This signaled the beginning of a really bad run of heroin use for me. If you got this far, thank you for listening. I'm not sure what kind of feed back I'm going to get from my therapist tomorrow. 
Warning: I get a bit graphic in this, but I feel like I need to say the details. I just need to tell somebody.Back in October 2012, I was just enjoying the leaves like any 12-year-old boy would. In the backyard with my parents, me and my younger brother (who was 9) raking the leaves up and jumping into the big pile we made. After about an hour of doing this, we all had to leave to church. Of course, being a kid, I absolutely hated this. 40 minutes of sitting still on a Sunday was the worst thing imaginable. I begged and begged my parents to let me stay home, and weirdly enough, they actually did. As long as you stay inside and lock the doors and not answer the phone or anybody knocking at the door, make it seem like there's just nobody there they said. I sure wish I did that.Instead, when they were all gone, I went outside. It was unusually warm for that time of year (must've been about 20 degrees) and I wasn't going to let one minute of what was probably going to be the last warm day of the year. I went outside, found a tree in the backyard for shade and started playing Animal Crossing. But my DS was almost dead. Great. I went back inside and plugged it in, but I still wanted to go outside. So that's where I went, into the woods behind my house. After a few minutes I reached the end, a small trail. There was somebody else there. This is where things get hazy, like my mind has tried it's hardest to get rid of the memory. I thought nothing of it, people used that trail sometimes, not incredibly often but sometimes. I've always loved animals and I was transfixed on a bird of some sort. I didn't realise that he stopped walking, and instead was staring at me. After a bit of this, I don't know how long, I started to get creeped out and I started walking the trail. He started to pick up speed, and I did too. Eventually though, we were both in a dead sprint. I was tugged back by the neck of my shirt, and fell right on my back. He went down too, and pulled off my pants. He puled down my underwear and started licking. This went on for a while, and all I really remember now is this awful feeling. A feeling of terror.By some miracle he then did what was perhaps one of the stupidest moves of all time for him, and the best thing for me at that moment. He put his tongue in my mouth, holding my jaw open. But he slipped up. With his tongue in my mouth, I bit down as hard as I possibly could. And I didn't let go until I managed to wriggle free. I pulled up my pants and ran all the way home, in the fastest run I've ever done in my life. When back, I hid under my bed, crying until my parents got home. It was only about 10 minutes, but it felt like a lifetime. When they got back, I went to the bathroom and took a shower to hide the fact I was crying. I never told them what happened. Up until that point I was pretty athletic. I was one of the "cool kids" at school until then too. But that really wrecked me. I stopped playing soccer (my favourite sport) and haven't really talked to many people at all since then. By 2013 I was overweight, didn't have any friends, and was depressed. That sick fuck ended my childhood early and he deserves to be hanged, drawn and quartered. But I've always found a weird relief in the fact that he probably has a part of his tongue missing now.I could still be happy, but it didnt seem entirely real. Like it was part fake when I was. This spring though, things started to improve. I started eating normally, and now I'm getting down to a normal weight. I got my Learner's Permit last month, and for whatever reason I've recovered really well. So yesterday, I decided to go back to where it happened for the first time since. I was scared as anything, but I made it to the trail. At first I didn't feel anything really, then I just broke down crying. It's unbelievable how much a good cry can make you feel better though. Grade 11, so far, has been great. I've actually started to talk again. I caught up with an old friend, and he told me this past week that it's like somebody just flipped a switch inside of me and I'm suddenly back to how I was. I basically just said "yeah" and changed the topic.I still hate talking about it of course, and I still feel guilty about it. I don't want to be "that kid who got raped". I know I should tell somebody I know but I just can't. The guy could be pretty much anybody. All I remember is that he was a middle-aged white man, which doesn't exactly narrow it down where I live. As much as I want him in prison, I just can't say it.  Which is why I'm doing it here, anonymously. I want somebody, anybody to know. 
My 17 year old friend was groped under the bra by her 21 year old boyfriend last night. She texted me in hysterics, talking about how scared she was because her boyfriend started freaking out afterward. He's incredibly self-destructive and unstable, and often breaks things and hits himself after doing bad things. One time he broke down, went into a rage, and proposed to her. He's been awake for 40 straight hours so far after last night. She swore me to secrecy and refuses to tell her parents what happened. Her parents need to know, and it can't come from me. It has to be from her. But today, she's acting like everything is totally okay. She's going out with him again tomorrow. I'm afraid for her and I don't know what to do. 
So I've been struggling with this for years. My relationship with this person was on and off again for almost 5 years, and full of gaslighting. I thought I loved him, but it was more like I was obsessed and stuck. Pretty sure I had some kind of Stockholm Syndrome, and I do have PTSD (nightmares, flashbacks, panic attacks, etc). I haven't seen him for more than 4 years now. Anyway, there was one time we had sex that I've been struggling with ever since I remembered it during therapy. (My memory was seriously messed up for years) A few friends I told believe it was rape, but I still have trouble putting that label on it. I guess I just need to know what people who know more about rape think of it.I was angry at him about something I can't remember. He was playing video games and I was just lying in bed being pissed off. Eventually he got in bed with me and I refused to look at him. He did little things like touch my arm or face, and kept moving around on the bed to try to get me to look at him. He was laughing, and I think I probably smiled at least once at his being an idiot to get attention. He kept paying attention to me, but I purposefully didn't look at him or even move. I distinctly remember not wanting him to touch me at the moment. He undressed me without any help from me. I was like a limp body, just there. At some point he got on top of me and started to have sex with me. I remember my head and arms were hanging off of the bed because I didn't want to look at him or touch him with my hands. I felt like I wanted to get back at him in some way, punish him or something. So, when he said he was going to cum I told him not to stop. I kept saying don't stop every time he got close until his whole body was sweating with the effort to hold back and he was shaking. It was the only thing I said the entire time. The only time I even looked at him during it all. I probably said that to him 5 or 6 times before I realized it wasn't worth it and then let him finish. He cleaned himself and gave me a towel, took a picture of me lying there, then went back to playing video games. It wasn't violent, or rushed. I wasn't in physical pain afterward. I'm certain he wouldn't have had sex with me had I asked him not to. I do believe my body language sent a strong enough message alone though. I'm not sure why I didn't say anything to get him to stop, and I'm not sure why I told him not to stop at the end of it. My mental state was already fucked up by this point, and I stayed with him for another 2 years after this night. I forgot why I was mad by the next morning.Any opinions from an outside perspective would be appreciated.
I was raped by a friend of mine about 18 months ago. It's hard for me to even say rape because I feel so much guilt for what happened. He was a guy who I had slept with in the past, but nothing had happened in the few months before because I had a new boyfriend. We were always flirty, playing little games of cat and mouse when we were sleeping together. In the end, he pinned me up against a wall and pulled my pants down and forced himself into me. I asked him not to cum in me, but he did. He was pushing so hard that he almost went in my ass. The whole thing only took about 1 minute. He's huge, about 6'4", so as hard as I tried, I couldn't push him off of me. I was repeatedly saying no and stop and squirming while trying to get him off of me. Minutes before, I was being very flirty and suggestive to him, which is why I feel guilty. He blames me, he told me "you can't dangle a steak in front of a dog and then scold him when he eats it." To this day, he has never taken any responsibility or apologized for it. All of this happened 2 weeks before I moved to a foreign country by myself. The first 6 months of living here were absolute hell. I'm in a better place now, had therapy for a while, but still feel like I'll never get over it. I know it's not nearly as horrific as some of the experiences of other women on this forum, but it haunts me everyday nonetheless. Can anyone else relate to this?
My story:https://www.reddit.com/r/FeministsWithHumor/comments/514986/stranger_rape_why_im_glad_i_dont_know_my_rapist/I was told the Sexual Assault charge, which is F2 felony, would eventually be dropped and the Burglary, F1 felony charge, would be the only charge.How fucking weird.They said, because the Burglary charge refers to the Sexual Assault (Burglary w/ intent to commit another felony - Sexual Assault, and also committing it), they can't pursue both. Or it doesn't make sense to?I know they can't drop it right now, though, since the rape is the charge that has the high bail set. Kind of important detail, there, guys.I was already confused when the Burglary was F1 and the Sexual Assault was only put in as F2. NOW I am even MORE confused. D:Most of the paperwork shows both charges as F2.  Sometimes I wonder if the State has ANY idea of what it's doing.This is ridiculous!
The last time my ex raped me was in December 2015. I'm dealing. Is it too late to report? Is it ever too late?
So this Halloween will be 10 years since I was attacked and raped brutally by 2 brothers at a Halloween party. I've only ever told 2 people. I was 14 and me and my friend lied to family and snuck off to a older kids party. Who had older siblings so basically I was at a house party with 16-20 year olds.I believe I was drugged in one way or another because after only 2 pops I felt ill.  I was told there was a bed upstairs I could lie in so I did. Some point later, at around 11.30 (I know this because I was startled and asked what the time was.) 2 brothers, came into the bedroom, wearing Halloween costumes, put a knife to my throat and told me to leave with them outside. By the time we got to the end of the garden, with no one even questioning what was happening, I mean this was a Halloween party and it all kinda fitted in? I tried to run for it, which ended in me being dragged out the garden and into the small 'woods' at the back of this house by my hair. I was kicked all over my body and they told me what they were going to do to me. My tights were tore off and my dress was pulled off. Everything else was also tore off me. They took turns in raping me, they pulled my head up and made me take them in my mouth, they cumed all over my face, they spat at me, kicked me, humiliated me. They used sticks and dirty fingers, they made me lick my own blood off their Penis. They had me choose my fate, anal, or beg them to fuck me. They used me for hours. They taunted me saying things like whenever I have sex I'm going to remember that they were there first. That i was so tight and it was so good. They gave me an endearing nickname. I tried to get away and they told me if I tried again they'd stab the knife through my hand and into the dirt to keep me still. Then they left me. I had to pick myself up. In agony, with their Cum and my blood all over me. I used a bird dish to wash what I could off me and went back inside. It was 3am. Everyone was either passed out or too drunk to care what I looked like. I went and got in the shower, where I passed out. The next morning my friend came into the bathroom laughing that I was hungover. She said I looked like shit and someone saw me fall face over tit outside. Hence the face... time for breakfast. And there the beasts were. Just sat there. Eating crumpets. I held it together until one of them exclaimed how there was one of the kitchen knife on the coffee table and brought it to who's house it was. In my head I thought "that explains why his finger prints would be on it." I excused myself and went to the downstairs bathroom. One of them followed. Got in and locked the door. He told me it was all my fault. I shouldn't have worn that dress. He pushed against me I was up against the sink, he put his hands all over my body and told me it was his now. He then told me to get on my knees but I just couldn't. I felt sick and I just wanted to die. He raped me from behind with my head pushed against a mirror. It hurt so much, I was torn and bleeding, all I had to do was scream and someone would have come. It was inside my friend was right there!!! 10 years on I suffer from night terrors every night where I wake up attacking my boyfriend believing he's them. Or I wake up pleading and begging. I suffered from eating disorders, I have ocd, anxiety, trichotillomania, I have tremendous guilt, low self esteem, ptsd, sexual triggers, I've tried to commit suicide and I've self harmed. My boyfriend wants me to finally speak to someone but I am so scared of reliving it. Of bringing up things I have forgotten or emotions I've not let out. He's an ex police officer, and we've been together 6 months, this is why it is now I'm thinking about it as I have the right support, but what hell will I be living if I do this. I also see them every now and again as I now apparently live in the same town as them. I have guilt for not going to the police and getting them arrested. Sorry for the long rant.
ok this is really fresh and i havent slept since this happened i just want to vent somewherelast night i was black out drunk and this guy kept offering me sips of his drink and just kept putting it up to my face.... he knew i had a boyfriend but kept saying he liked me and i dont know somehow i ended up at his flat (my memory is super foggy) and he kissed me and then started having sex and the whole time i was lying there just thinking about my boyfriend but i didnt say anything bc im a pathetic piece of shit and after he told me to not tell people and to leave and i just broke down crying and he told me to stop. i just cried outside of his flat for a bit (it was like 8am) and our uni accommodation warden found me and gave me some watersorry this is so jumbled i think im still vaguely drunk but im so scared i cant stop crying because i didnt tell him to not do it holy shit what the fuck is wrong with me. is this regretting drunk sex or what??? i only had sex for the first time like 4 days ago with my boyfriend and i feel disgusting and sorry for tmi but it really burns when i wee and im just scared im sorry for the wall of text
my rape story isn't a traditional rape story. 1) it was attempted as in there was no penetration 2) he was no stranger in an dark alley he was my friend and it happened in school 3) i wasn't drunk or wearing revealing clothing.  i was dating a guy at the time and i was in summer school doing a course to get ahead and so i would go to my high school from 8am-12pm. my friend that I've known since we were in 8th grade, was in summer school since he failed a class. he just got back from hawaii and asked if i want to see pictures of hawaii and hear the story of him getting poison in his foot from a coral reef. i said yes we met out in the hallway and walked around laughing and talking about hawaii and we reached a dark hallway, i felt tense in my stomach all of a sudden and as i turned back my right side of my head was in a sharp pain.cold tile on my back his warmth on top of my body and he was kissing my neck and his hands holding me down. i squirmed too much and apparently that turned him on more and he picked me up and pinned me against a wall and was kissing all over my neck leaving hickeys i kept saying "no" and his hand going into my sweatpants, i forcefully made myself  fall so i can run but as i started to run he grabbed my ankle and i fell. again he was on top of me and he wrapped his hand around my neck as a warning if i screamed he will hurt my neck i then felt paralyzed ,and i felt him pulling down my sweats and he was pulling his down. he then pushed his body against mine and i felt the skin to skin contact between our legs. i got a burst of adrenaline and pushed him off of me and screamed no pulled up my sweats and ran off and he followed and instead of going to my class i ran to my car and went home. i was about to be a senior in high school and this happened in the summer. i made excuses because i did have a boyfriend i lied about being on my period and i said no so many times that it was like i was a broken record player. i was wearing no makeup sweatpants and a baggy t-shirt. like i said this was attempted rape not actual since i wasn't penetrated but this was my friend. i will admit 4 months before this we made out a few times because we both got out of serious relationships and it was valentines day but it was just kissing and we quit after 3 times and i said no i want to be only friends thats it and he agreed. i wore a jacket up to my jawline so no one could see the bruises or hickeys he left on my neck, it was middle of summer and i wore a jacket for a week to a week and a half. and its been a year and a half since i was sexually assaulted and I'm still scared of everything around me. i carry a knife on me at all times if i go anywhere now.
Of course it's about sex, it's always about sex! The pervert just needs the aspect of the power and control in order to get off. As a survivor of multiple sexual assaults throughout my life, I am now triggered by anything sexual in nature and see potential threats everywhere I look. I don't know why, but every counselor I've had has tried to steer me away from blaming the attacks on sexual depravity. I also see it in every documentary or article on the subject and it is so frustrating to me how much the sexual aspect is downplayed. Am I the only one who feels this way?
Im not really sure where to start here... I guess the best way to start would be by telling you that I'm 17 and 7 months pregnant with my first child, a little girl. My boyfriend and I have been together for a while now but the pregnancy was unplanned, we decided to go through with it and he proposed to me at the 20 week scan. We're currently in the process of moving. Now that you have an idea of my situation I want to start talking about what led up to my issue... You see I have severe depression and recently my partner hasn't been there to help... I don't have many people I could talk to either... I had one friend but me and him have a past, nothing serious, just some fun. I really needed my partner, I'll call him Daniel for this post, but he wasn't there. I was suicidal and on the very edge of doing something, so I turned to the one person who I believed I could talk to, the friend, I'll call him Brad. I spoke to Brad through WhatsApp daily and really enjoyed and appreciated his company but conversation got a bit heated and photos were exchanged. I regret it and I only did it because I was that alone, I did enjoy it to some degree but I cried about it for hours. The next day Daniel came over and he found out about the pictures and heated conversation, needless to say he was angry, I'm his pregnant fiance at the end of the day. We talked and cried and agreed to leave it a few days before making any decisions on what to do. He came over a few days later and it was very tense between us. Eventually we started cuddling and kissing but it started going further... I wasn't really comfortable with it and he saw that... We'd been talking about getting back into intimacy the previous night and agreed to take it slowly. He then pulled me on top of him and kept kissing me... ((it gets graphical here)) at this point he told me he was stressed and needed to fuck... I was nervous and made that apparent. I even had to remind him that my dad was in the room next door. Soon we heard him leave his room and the kissing changed... He told me that I was going to please him and he pulled my leggings down. I shifted and he grabbed my throat. He's done this before but that's because I enjoy it normally... This time it was different, it actually hurt. He didn't look like the Daniel I know, he looked mad...  he then pulled his trousers down and mine and went in dry. It hurt and he saw that but it seemed to get him going more... He started moving and heard me whining and moaning. Later he started asking if it hurt and I told him it did and he kept going... Harder even... I was scared and I didn't want to get him in trouble as crazy as that sounds... He then asked if I wanted to stop and I was in denial and said I don't know but this seemed to excite him more. He kept going until he finished... He's never done anything like this before and knows I have a past with sexual abuse. I haven't left him but I'm not sure what to do, he was in tears afterwards and hasn't stopped apologising... I don't have anyone to talk to about it... Any advice?
That's been the last two months of my life. I've never been an angry person but ever since it happened, I've constantly had some flame raging within. I laugh at what's funny and I cry at what's sad, but there's always the lingering, hard to pin anger that shows itself at the most inappropriate of times. I tend to suppress my feelings until my mind can no longer handle the load, and I know my next big break is gonna be catastrophic. I think it stems from my teen invincibility complex. I was convinced nothing bad would ever happen to me, and then it did, at the hands of somebody I loved, trusted, thought I knew. 18 sucks, guys. 
I am a 26 year old male living in the UK. about 7 years ago I was viciously attacked and raped by someone posing on behalf of a couple when he was not. Short story is that this guy lured me to his house under the premise that we would have a threesome with his wife, and posed as her through the messages. at first i was hesitant and didnt rush to make a decision. a month or so later I messaged them back and decided to go for it. I got there and a man opened the door. he said his wife was out getting a bottle of wine and to come and make myself at home. after about 20 minutes of talking i became bored and started to question how long she would be. his response to this was to start drinking, which lead to him offering me cocaine, Heroin, speed and sharing joints. after an hour and half or so I was actually pretty fucked and I had enough of waiting for nothing so I told the guy I was leaving and went for the door. at this point he got up screaming saying how if i left now I owed him hundreds of pounds for drugs and I would have to repay him one way or another. I told him to fuck off and pushed him to the ground and again went for the door. Next thing I know Im waking up on the floor with glass in my skull bleeding all over the floor. what happened next still haunts me to this day, but he raped me for what felt was hours. He tied me up, continued to beat me and just went to town on me. The worst thing is he even made me cum which still makes me feel dirty... he eventually put me in his car and dropped me in the middle of nowhere at 3am and I was found by a nice lady and her husband driving away for a holiday who left early to make it to the flights. regretably they chose to take pity on me rather than go and enjoy their holiday which also makes me feel bad because I owe that couple so much...After a few months I started to become unhinged and years went by and eventually I was disgnosed as bi-polar. I had brief therapy on what happened to me but the mental health services never seemed to care about that subject just how I have behaved since. Now however im really starting to worry myself. I am becoming darker and darker. My dreams are getting scary to the point I wake up feeling like i NEED to attack or hurt someone in order to stop the inner pain and I have found myself becoming really attracted and turned on by REAL rape videos and snuff. Its seriously warping my perceptions and its more and more taking a grip on my life and I cant explain it. Im not a bad person. I wouldnt ever hurt another person intentionally but this is all building up so much...has anyone else become like this? or has anyone got any suggestions what to do? im at a loss
Very few people know about what I'm about to type. I've been too scared to confide in others about what happened. Only a select handful of people actually know that the following actions took place. As time as gone by it's become more and more difficult to tell others about this. If I thought I struggled back then, now is a completely different ball game.I was 20 years old and full of life. I was a university student with a new boyfriend who I absolutely adored and we were very much in love. I lived in student accommodation and enjoyed the independence that came with it. Then something happened which changed all of that.I remember it all like it were a film constantly replaying in my mind. The details are very vivid and no matter what I do I can't seem to forget them.It was December, a very joyful and festive month. Myself and two friends decided to go on a night out and hit the town. We had a great time having pre-drinks at my student accommodation and decided to go out to a nightclub we all enjoyed. The drinks were cheap and the music was good.When we got to the club I came across one of my guy friends who I had known for a little while. Although we had only met in person on one occasion we were quite close and enjoyed chatting to each other. As the night wore on and it began to get later and later it was decided we would go back to my flat for some more drinks and fun. I invited my guy friend along to join us all.By the time we all got back we were very much under the influence of alcohol. We were all having a great time. We even played a game of truth or dare which although childish seemed like a right laugh. One of my friends dared me to kiss my guy friend. I gave him a peck on the lips and that was it. As time wore on I began to feel more and more guilty. I had kissed someone else and yet I had a boyfriend. I went through to my bedroom and sat on my bed tiredness creeping up on me.About 5-10 minutes later my guy friend appeared at my door. He said that my other two friends were getting it off with each other and could he come sit with me. I smiled and let him in. He sat down beside me and we chatted away both pretty drunk. He lent across to kiss me and I pulled back. I explained that I had a boyfriend and had kissed him as a dare but wasn't into him. He seemed to take notice, or rather so I thought.Minutes passed and he attempted to kiss me again. By this stage I was getting pretty frustrated, I didn't want to kiss him. I stood up to walk away from him but he stood in front of me. I politely asked him if I could leave and he stood laughing at me. By this point adrenaline had started to kick in and I could feel my heart beating in my ears. I walked forward hoping he would move but he did the opposite, he pushed me back onto my bed and sat on top of me.He was a good few inches taller than me and weighed more than me. I tried to get up but he wouldn't allow it. I won't go into excessive details about what happened but what followed was roughly 30 minutes of complete hell. He proceeded to rape me. I didn't fight back, I didn't scream out for help I just lay there completely paralysed with fear, my eyes shut, tears streaming down my face. I kept picturing my boyfriend in my mind and to this day I believe that he got me through it.After it happened he got off me and walked out the room like nothing had happened. I lay there motionless too scared to get up. Minutes passed and I realised he wasn't coming back. I began to sit back and felt pain in between my thighs. I was shaking as I put my underwear back on followed by my tights and my shoes. I walked through to the kitchen where my two friends and him were sat. I told them I was feeling tired and was going to go upstairs to my boyfriend's room.I didn't tell anyone. I kept it to myself. It wasn't until half a year later that my boyfriend eventually got it out of me. I don't really know what I expected when I told him to be honest but his reaction was not a good one. He didn't believe me. One sentence had lost me the person I loved and cared about the most. I felt completely heartbroken. It felt like some sort of nightmare I couldn't escape.After a few times my boyfriend apologised to me. He didn't want to believe what had happened. He didn't want to imagine that someone had done that to me. We got back together but things were far from easy. I began having flashbacks the feeling of him touching me still very much fresh in my mind, nightmares where I'd wake up screaming and sobbing my heart out. Panic attacks started where I became terrified that it would happen again.Recently I've been getting feelings of guilt, like I am to blame. Maybe if I hadn't been drunk, or worn or dress, or had make-up on this wouldn't have happened? Maybe if I'd not willingly invited him back to my flat I'd never have endured this. Maybe if I'd screamed someone would have heard and he would have stopped. Maybe if I'd fought back instead of lying there, frozen to the spot he wouldn't have taken advantage of me.
Hello reddit, this is my first post so I apologise if I do anything wrong.A little about my brother 'Troy' (this is quite long, sorry, but I think it's necessary to build an image of what time of person he is like): he is very aggressive and has a ridiculously short fuse. I cant even explain how the simplest of things will make him angry and cause him to raise his voice. I feel as if he thinks he must always have control of other people and he is above everyone by default. He is very disrespectful even going as far as getting into arguments with my older family members and telling them to "fuck off", "shut up or see what i'll do to you" and asking "do you want me to beat you up?". He even said to me one time "do you want me to beat you up in front on mum" because I 'confronted' him about being aggressive to me for no reason. This may not be a big deal to other families but my extended family are all about respecting each other and honestly it was a big shock and very embarrassing for him to say that to other people.As long as I can remember he has always been violent, continually getting into fights in primary school and I think he even went to anger management for a short while when he was younger. This hasn't seemed to change as a while ago (December), I bumped into one of my old friends and he told me that he heard my brother was 'messing people up' at his university (which is away from where we live). I may be interpreting it wrong but I took it as he was getting into fights with people. He also smokes weed nearly everyday and he doesn't have a job (I notice but my parents do not).Okay so long story short, I think he may have raped/sexually abused me (or at least attempted to) when I was younger. My parents worked during the day sometimes so they would leave me under the care of my brothers. This has only come back to my mind within the last year or two, which sounds silly, but it's almost as if i had forgotten about it. I remember one event very vividly but I don't really want to go into detail about it too much. At one point during, he said 'I want it to make the sound' which I now only realise he was talking about the clapping-like sound you hear sometimes in porn.I don't really know what else to say really. I have considered going to therapy but I am very scared about what I might 'uncover' and I don't know why but there is a small part of me that feels as if I've made this up although I have no reason to. Obviously I have no evidence or proof of it happening except my memory so it would just be 'he said, she said'. I also cannot for the life of me remember or even estimate what age i was, which makes me doubt myself more. My parents are so loving and kind to all of us. I told my mum I want to see a therapist around March this year (I never told her what for) but I haven't been to one yet. She also asks me now and again why I want to go but I still haven't told her.Today my brother and I had a small confrontation and all my emotions that I have kept bottled in are now coming out which is why I'm finally posting on reddit. I am going to university away from home soon and feel to write her a letter addressing more or less everything I wrote here (he may have sexually abused me, his aggressiveness, disrespectfulness towards extended family members, smoking all the time and more) but I feel very hesitant. I think she would show my dad and he would say I'm being attention seeking. I definitely do not have the will power to tell her in person as it would break me seeing her reaction.Other things to note: my mum always comments on how distant me and my brother are and asks things like 'why dont you like him/why aren't you close' every now and again. She also thinks he is stealing money from her and my dad as money randomly goes missing (ranging from £20-£80). Troy isn't physically abusive to me now. I have another brother (25) and my relationship with him is fine.I know it is very long and all over the place but I would very much appreciate any input whatsoever in what I could possibly do from here as I am honestly just tired of everything and tired of always being on edge around him.tl;dr: I think my very aggressive brother may have sexually abused/raped me when I was younger. I want to tell my mum by writing her a letter while I am away at university.
I'm not entirely sure this is the right place to post about this, but a friend of mine recently was recently raped by an ex of hers. She had the courage to tell me about it, and we've discussed it quite a lot. But I really struggle to know how to help her. I know most of it is just being a good listener and not in any way invalidating her feelings or making her feel like she's to blame (I would never even think of doing these things anyway, but it's upsetting how many of her friends have done one or both of these things). However, occasionally I'll slip up and say or do something that upsets her. A family member of mine is very ill at the moment and I brought it up with her, but she told me she's really not in the right place to talk about that sort of thing at the moment. I completely understand her, and I won't bring it up around her again, but it makes me feel awful to think I've done something to make her feel worse. I just want her to feel better. So I was wondering if anyone had any advice for how to help/support my friend. What have people do for you that made you feel supported/better. Or, what did people do that really didn't help? I hope this doesn't sound too selfish! I'm often worried that I spend more time thinking 'how can I change myself to help her?' and not enough time thinking about how she's feeling. But I do really try my best. I've just got no idea how to deal with a situation like this, it's so unspeakably horrible for her. Edit: grammar
Hi! So I was in a situation a few years back with my ex (then partner) who tried to have sex with me while I was asleep. My current boyfriend is extremely angry and wants to beat him up. I've tried explaining how I'd rather not have him resort to violence because I don't like violence and I don't know exactly know what happened years ago. I'm still quite confused about the situation. I don't want to falsely claim that it was a sexual assault and brand someone with that title. If I'm to do that, I would like it make sure what happened actually happened. Are there any approaches I could try to further explain to him so that he won't act upon his rage? Many thanks to those who have read this and I appreciate that this subreddit exists. It has brought some comfort to me at night when I'm confused and I'm looking for other posts that I can relate to.
Hello. I had an experience a year ago that has recently started to interfere with my daily life. I'm not even sure if it qualifies as sexual assault. I feel like I put myself in the situation. I am in a safe place to talk. This all happened over a year ago.First, I'm currently pursuing my doctorate in psychology. Sexual assault isn't a new thing for me to learn about or discuss. I went home for Christmas break and my car was in the shop. I got a ride to a friend's house from my mother. The friend had just returned from deployment. Let’s call him Tom. We've known each other since elementary school. I had an unplanned pregnancy when I was 16. Tom was the only person who was a good friend to me. I’m from a very religious background. Teen pregnancy was more offensive than crime or death. My daughter’s father left me at the beginning of the pregnancy. Tom is not her father or anything like that. Tom and I ended up being friends. Pregnancy hormones were a bitch. Slowly it evolved into being friends with benefits. Embarrassing, I know. The physical part of our friendship ended roughly 3 or 4 years before the event in question. I went to his house during winter break from college. Another friend was there as well (another former [3-4 year since termination] friend with benefits). We sat and watched movies and played video-games and whatnot. We all had been friends long before there was intimacy in the relationships. It was getting late and I didn't want to ask my parents to come pick me up. It felt weird having to ask for a ride from my parents at my age. The guys had started drinking. I don't drink if I'm away from my home, especially without j, my boyfriend. j and I had been dating for 2 years at this point. I was completely sober. I drove to McDonalds and ended up being the slightly annoyed sober one the whole night. Anyway, I planned to spend the night in Tom's sister’s room. She is married and doesn’t live at home. It got late, they were drunk, and I was just tired. I said “goodnight,” borrowed a phone charger and went to his sister's room and laid down in the bed. He started texting me, suggesting that we have sex "one last time." I said no. He kept on texting me. I said no multiple times. Then he said I'm coming in anyway. I just laughed it off and said no again. I thought if I stopped answering, he’d think I fell asleep. That’d surely put an end to this, right? After about 10 minutes he came into the room and got into the bed with me. I was nearly asleep at this point. I panicked...Insert Backstory: I was raped at 12 by a 17 year old. I thought I was cool for dating an older guy. I didn't tell anyone for about 5 years. I never pressed charges. I just moved on, badly at first. I pursued any sexual relationships as a means of reclaiming intimacy. I have recurring nightmares because of this event, it still has some effects on my life...Back to the current situation. When the current event was happening, all I could think of was the feeling of him inside me. I panicked. I didn't move. I just laid there and let it happen. I didn't do anything. I froze. When he was finished, he asked me if I enjoyed it or came. I said yes. I was scared that he would be angry if I said no. He is easily angered and has extremely low confidence. We both had significant others during this time. I was upset tried to talk to him about it. I was crying. He just said that he was sorry, he knew I didn’t want to, and I could blame him. He knew I did not want this. I said that I couldn’t blame him, because would make it rape (as if calling it anything else made it okay). He offered me alcohol so I could drink enough to forget it ever happened. I said no. He drove me home the next morning and stopped to buy me plan B. I called and started to tell my boyfriend (of 2 years at that time) what happened. It was Christmas Eve now and I was about to have to spend the whole day with my family. I did not want to ruin Christmas for him. That seems so stupid but it was all I could think of during the moment. He was upset that I'd stayed the night. I ended up just telling him that my friends had been drinking, and Tom had kissed me. I told my boyfriend that I stopped him and went to bed. That’s all he knows. I thought I was safe at this friend’s house. I know we had a history, but I never thought this would happen. J (my boyfriend) did not blame me, but I could tell that he was upset. I was in no shape to handle his emotions and my own that soon after the event...Fast forward roughly a year. Needless to say, the guy and I haven't been on good terms. I tried to stay friends with him because I know he was drunk and this isn’t how he normally is. I just want to move forward with my life and just be done with this. The guy's girlfriend recently broke up with him. He text me recently and started threatening to tell my boyfriend what happened. That I had cheated on him. That I seduced Tom. I don't know what to do.I know that I have a history of traumatization from previous sexual assault. I know that the recurring nightmares are symptomatic of PTSD. I also know that this played into how I reacted. But, I can't help feeling like it wouldn't have happened if I had not stayed the night, or if I wouldn't have put myself in the situation. I don't want to call it "rape," because I do not believe that either of us were under the condition to consent. I forgive the guy. I don't want to press charges or anything like that. I just want to be healthy and move forward.I want to be honest with my boyfriend. We've been together for almost 4 years now. I've never been so happy. This man tries so hard to love me the way I am. He takes such good care of me. I love him with every fiber of my being. I'm terrified that he'll leave if/when I tell him what happened. His previous girlfriend cheated on him and it really caused some significant damage. I've worked so hard to gain his trust and show him that not all women cheat. Now, I'm scared it will tear us apart or do enough damage to slowly drive us apart. Not only am I actually happy and with someone who respects me for the first time in my life, he is helping me pay for my education and living costs. I know I've done stupid things, I know I've made irresponsible decisions. I just don't know what to do now. I am so scared of losing my significant other; first, another man had sex with me, 2nd this could be seen as cheating by J, 3rd, he could leave me. I wouldn’t blame him. He has put up with so much. He has not been totally loyal (never physically cheating, but contact with him ex), but he never had something like this happen. I swear I did not want this. I am just so scared of losing him.Chris has been texting me every so often to threaten to tell my boyfriend that I cheated on him. 
I'm having even a hard time typing this out now, so forgive me. I just don't know where to begin and I'm about to ramble. I [22F] was sexually assaulted for four years in high school during the length of an abusive relationship, and assaulted again a year and a half ago by an acquaintance. My current SO [22M] is loving and accepting of this past. He pushed for me to see a psychiatrist which led me to get diagnosed with PTSD. Those visits with her were spent learning ways to strengthen skills to combat PTSD and get control of this disorder. After four months, I stopped seeing her and felt that I could adequately handle sleep, flashbacks, etc. I want to talk to my SO about what happened. Even when I was seeing my psychiatrist, when asked what happened I would feel the words tumble out like a robot. I list off things that have happened like they have no affect on me. I don't know how to break out of robot mode and convey the feelings going on in my head. The thoughts are stuck in me, and if I share it with someone I could maybe feel like I wasn't so alone. And of course I want to share it with the person I feel the closest to. When I ask if we can talk about "it", I will say something like "once I was raped-" then I clam up and can't continue. This is followed up heavy breathing and literally minutes of silence. He might ask if I want to talk about it, and I'll reply yes, but then can't get anything else out. Or if I do say more, he doesn't know how to respond and a subject change is usually led off by one of us after more silence. So I'm just asking for advice on how to talk. What has worked for those who have experienced robot mouth? I'm pretty sure he would love some advice as well on how to be a listener as well. 
I've been with my bf for a little over four years. Lately he had been less affectionate than usual, perhaps from his job loss and my promotion and picking up extra shifts. I found a flirtatious msg with a girl from a dating site. I figured it was for fun or reassurance, but this is not acceptable in our relationship and he knows that. He loves me, we have a very close relationship, usually. There has been less time for each other since I started working more and school began as well. I confronted him about the bs. He said sorry and that he was an idiot, but didn't seem sincere or even explain. He kind of just pretended that it didn't hurt me. During my tears and anger, he grabbed me and began to kiss me. I let him, but did not kiss back. Then he starts to grab and touch me and I push him back>>> he is on top of me and I am telling him no and saying that I hate him (and crying). I was shaky and weak from being upset. He continued to where he was going and it was over in a few seconds. I think he may have been excited by me being hurt. We've had rough sex before, but it was never anything like that... After he said that he shouldn't have done that and started tearing up. Ever since that night, I'm trying to love him again, but when I think about him or talk to him, I feel sick. My heart sinks into my stomach and I feel like I'd rather die. I've been ignoring some of his calls but then he keeps calling. I eventually pick up from habit or because I just miss talking to someone. I still love him but I feel different. I want to make things work, but I'm afraid he's changing, or that he get excited from hurting me. I just feel like I would rather be asleep or dead than have to deal with my days right now. Work is a temporary escape, but when I'm back at home or sitting in class, my mind wanders. I wish things would just go back to normal. Idk how to fix things, any advice?
Here's the background story, I moved to university about two weeks ago and it was my first time living with people other than my parents. I met them, and they were all amazing, we bonded really quickly and had the best week ever. We had a lot of parties at our flat too and generally a lot of fun and a lot of alcohol.I should probably mention that I am a fairly flirty person and I don't hide it. I do also like attention but I don't ask for it. I definitely didn't ask it from him. He did seem to be attracted to me, and he did touch me inappropriately once or twice throughout the week but I just took it as a joke and laughed it off.So the entire week the guy, let's call him Ben, and I got along really well. On Saturday we were supposed to have our last flat party of the week, and a lot of people came over. I drank the amount I usually drink but I didn't eat too much that day. The girls in my flat put me to bed at around 2am, after I dozed off on the floor while sitting there with other people. I fell asleep with my clothes on. All I remember, because I simply just blacked out, is being undressed and touched. I can't actually recall a lot of what happened. It was dark, and he was there. I remember saying "how did you end up here?" and "why are we doing this?". When I realized that it wasn't just a dream I threw him out of my room. It must have lasted for a while though. In the morning I woke up and his clothes were still there, I was naked. I felt so anxious I had to leave the flat. After a while I decided to tell the girls that live with me. They explained to me that apparently, long after I went back to my room, at 6am, Ben complained a lot about his family, that he was angry and crying. He apparently then just got up, went inside of my room saying that he was just going to sleep on the floor. One of my flatmates checked on me a few minutes later, and he really was just sitting on the floor. They said that they all went to bed after that, thinking nothing was going to happen, but heard him talk a while later. They apologized to me for not doing anything, but it's really not their fault. The thing is that, none of us are talking to him now. Apparently he texted one of the girls saying that he doesn't know what he did wrong and would like to talk to me. That was on Monday, and I still haven't heard anything from him. I do want to talk to him, I don't want to press charges because I know that it's going to ruin his life. I feel bad now because nobody is talking to him because of me. I feel like I should have just acted like nothing happened, I feel bad when I shouldn't. It would be nice to at least hear an apology. The girls are saying that they feel really unsafe, I'm not really sure how I feel. In my head I just refuse that it happened and want to keep living my life as it was. I haven't seen him for more than a few seconds since Sunday morning, but I do feel anxious.I just don't know what to do now. I feel bad, I don't want to cause him any trouble. I was planning on going to see a counselor tomorrow since he clearly doesn't care, I barely know him too. I really need advice on what I should do about this, whether talking to him is a good idea or not. I don't remember much, so I almost feel like it never happened. I was also sexually abused by an ex boyfriend for over two years of my life, so in my head it's almost like I'm used to it, that's why I seem so careless.Was this actual rape? Am I supposed to press charges? Am I coping with it in an unusual way?
A few months ago I was dealing with a terrible break up. I was really depressed and felt lonely. This guy from a school club I was in invited to his house to play some video games. I did and I actually had a good time for a while. Then he starts making bets with me and the deal was, if he won he gets to kiss me. I was fine with it but he basically got on top of me to do it. I was pretty uncomfortable but didn't speak up because I didn't want him to feel like he was scaring me. Anyway night progressed and he asks me to sleep over. I was kinda dumb thinking he actually meant sleep. But basically it consisted of him touching me all night while watching TV and me being super and I think noticeably uncomfortable. Then we go to bed. This was about an hour of him basically on top of me, touching, and rubbing himself on me while I tried desperately to pretend to sleep. He kept saying things in my ear like "I know you're awake" and whatever but I just kept my eyes closed. Eventually he let off a bit and fell asleep.Basically now I've been really wondering what exactly happened that night. I don't feel too violated. But I am the president of that club we're both in and i see him twice a week as well as all the times on our tiny campus. He acts normal, actually still flirty and a bit creepy. Like he volunteers for all the same stuff and if I'm hanging out with a mutual friend, he happens to stop by every time. It actually happened this past weekend. Out club is also taking an overnight trip in about 2 months and guess who's coming! I can't back out either because im the president... basically, how do I handle him. I don't want to tell our friends what happened between us but I also don't want them to keep letting him over when I'm t.with them. He's not doing anything to me directly but I don't know how to deal with him being around all the time.I do feel lucky because he easily could have not taken the hint and actually raped me , but I see him all the time and he is really bothering me...
I was told to come here from the r/relationships automod! So, 9 years ago I started dating Joe (18m at the time). I was 16. Over all, it was an incredibly abusive relationship. He broke up with me when tragedy in my life struck and after me finding out that he was having an emotional affair. Him leaving was the best thing he could have done, and I'm with a man who treats me like an equal and how I deserve. We've been together for 7 years and I'm going to marry this man eventually. Anyway, during this abusive relationship with Joe, one night I was asleep and I was woken up by him having sex with me. I asked what the fuck he was doing, and he got off of me and pretended like I just dreamed up the entire thing. He gasslighted me, called me crazy, the works. At this point I was 17 and deep in the abuse so I just accepted it. I remember feeling deeply hurt and betrayed though. I remember writing "you raped me" over and over in my laptop and erasing it on my commute to college. Now, 9 years later I almost forget it happened. I'm happy in my life. I have a loving boyfriend, a successful career in a great city, a supportive family, and a cute cat. Sometimes I remember the rape for whatever reason and I feel almost nothing. I say almost because I still feel anger which probably won't go away. I was violated and that makes me mad. I'm mad that I didn't report it when I had the chance. I'm mad that he's still out there being an asshole and hurting others. I'm mad that I didn't give him what for when I had the chance. But I can't do anything about that other than go to therapy, which I'm arranging anyway. I guess I just don't know how I should feel. I feel almost like a phoney victim. I don't suffer. I'm just mad when I remember it. I remember trying to talk about it with a friend and I felt really... Silly. I couldn't talk about it because it doesn't feel real because at the time I just accepted it. I guess I don't know what I'm asking here, I'm just feeling very confused because my thoughts on it (as you can see) go from "it's not a big deal anymore." to "Fuck that person. He violated me" with the accompanying emotions. Does anyone else feel similarly? I'm having difficulty handling this until I'm able to make an appointment with my therapist. No one even knows I was raped besides my best friend and my boyfriend. I'm not lashing out or yelling or anything. Sometimes I'll talk about it with my boyfriend. But It's mostly inner shit and me dealing with this on my own. Tl;dr: was raped a long time ago. Life is now good but my emotions range from "no big deal. It was so long ago." and feeling like I can't, I guess...relate (?) to other rape victims to complete anger. How do I deal? Has anyone had similar feelings? Is this pretty much just acceptance?
Hi, I've been in a sexually abusive relationship in the past. I've learned I am bad at recognizing manipulation and red flags in relationships. Are there any good book suggestions that teach you about red flags and how to spot manipulative/controlling behavior in relationships?
My best friend is a bisexual man that overwhelmingly prefers men. He's helped me through a lot--we're both survivors of very extreme circumstances of rape. I've been struggling and came to terms recently with my sexuality after knowing I was gay for years and was talking about this with him, how I've come out and am feeling grounded as a lesbian, when he brought up something that really disturbed and upset me: his perception of his sexuality being proof that people's sexualities can change.His rape was a few years ago and, again, under some extreme, extreme, extreme circumstances. He shouldn't be alive. It was by another man. And he's worked really hard to get stable and get where he is, and from everything he had told me before, I thought he was always bisexual but just preferred having sex with men and was never really interested in women. It was during this conversation I found out it wasn't the case.He said that he was proof that some people's sexuality can be altered by trauma; he came out as gay as an early teen and calls himself pansexual now instead. And....to be totally honest, I don't believe him at all. I know he's functionally bisexual (as in, he has had casual sex with women) but I know he has the best, most healthy, loving relationships exclusively men, and that he only started being sexually active with women following his assault.Is there ANYTHING I can do for him at all if this ever comes up again, or resources I can send? I'm not going to push it, but he said he's never talked about this specifically before with anyone, especially another victim of extreme sexual assault (nevermind another homosexual one). I never realized how much this experience effected his perception of his sexuality. He's hurting so much and before this discussion he had done such a good job of hiding it.Help?
I was violently raped a little over 24 hours now. But I keep bleeding and i don't know if I should be concerned (btw. I'm not a virgin either.) I'm too afraid to go to the doctor but I'm not even sure if its that serious to even consider it?Edit: thank you for those of you who cared enough to reply to my post, I appreciate it and I did seek help. Although, I'm not going to inform the authorities (I'm too afraid to do so) But thank you all again. 
I have a story to share that I have been keeping a secret for 2 decades.  I know some people won't care and some are mean. But whatever. I won't share details of names and locations. I always want to tell someone but I don't want pity. I don't want it used as a weapon. I haven't even told my parents or my best friend that I have know me since pre-k.I am 28 years old right now. When I was 8 years old my uncle (Andy) would baby sit my brother and I. Andy was a dedicated high school graduate who was looked up to by many people. Andy was my favorite uncle. He cared about me and he always bought me candy. I was his favorite. He always told my mom if you ever want me to babysit loujane don't hesitate to ask. I felt so special and favored.By the time I was 10 years old, Andy decided to go study abroad. He wants to be a pediatrician. He loved working with kids. I was so proud. I missed him so much. We had a special bond. When I was 15, I began high school. This is where sexual education was taught to me. I learned about sexual intercourse. I learned how babies were made. My mom told me how one day I would get my period. She explained to me what periods were and why a woman gets it. I was so shy discussing and asking  my mom questions. But I decided to used my library card to understand the human body. I loved learning about the human body. I loved learning about biology and chemistry. I decided that when I grow up I will pursue a career to become a doctor just like my uncle .In the same year, Andy came back from studying abroad. Oh how I missed him. He graduated from college and he got accepted to med school. He began working at a hospital near my house. I was so happy because my uncle will be living with us. The first night he came. he sneaked into my room. He told me not to make a sound. He began unbuttoning my shirt. He took off my underwear. He started touching me in ways that didn't feel right. I told him to stop. I tried pushing him away but he was very strong. He was able to hold my hands with one hand so tight. He told me he loves me and he missed me. He kissed me in a forceful way. It hurt me.He took off his shirt and his pants. He kissed me and told me he missed me over and over again. He said I was beautiful. He was on top of me. He rubbed his private part on me. He was rubbing it against mines. At first it felt good but then I felt a sharp pain. He was having intercourse with me. I wanted to scream so bad. It hurt me so much. He put a pillow over my face to prevent me from screaming. I passed out. But I guess he didn't care. I woke up with Cum all over me. I woke up in pain. He began wiping me with a wet cloth. He was prepared. He knew what he was doing.That's when I realized. That it wasn't this night that  I had lost my virgnity but at a much younger age. I began to recall in that moment when I was 8 years old when he would tell me that uncles are suppose to touch your private area. He made me promise not to tell anyone. I remember when I was young 8 years old my parents went on their 10 year anniversary. They didn't want to leave my bro and I. But Andy ensured his sister  that he was going to take care of us as if he was our father. I was so happy cuz Andy is so much fun. I remember the night my parents left Andy made me watch a movie with him alone while my brother was sleeping in the other room. In that movie it showed a man and a woman having intercouse. I didn't know it was porn until I was 14. He said we had to do this. He said that this is what I have to do but I can't tell anyone because it's something everyone does in secret. I was terrified. I didn't want to do it. But Andy insisted. He told me that I have to sleep in his bed. I did. But I fell asleep. NOW , I remember the next morning there was blood on the sheets. He said that he was fixing the cabinet to the point he cut himself and he got blood all over the sheets. I remember being sore. I remember peeing blood. I remembered the burning sensation when I urinated. I told him about it he ensured me that it was okay. That I was sick. He told me not to tell anyone cuz they would laugh at me.Growing up I was taught that losing your virginity is looked down upon. Women who lose their virgnity at an early age are never respected. They are a disgrace. At the age of 14, the day he came back from studying abroad I realized I was his victim. I knew it wasn't going to stop.He gave me pills to take every single day. He said if I didn't take them that I will have a baby. He said that I will get in trouble if I didn't take the pills.I learned that those pills were birth control. When I was 16 I became pregnant. He took me to the hospital. I had an abortion. He made me use my mom ID to have the abortion. This was the last time he had eve touched me. The sad thing about it is that I adapted to it. he had been using me as his toy until I was 16. I fell in love with him. I wanted him to be more than an uncle to me.I was mentally sick. I read online that these feeling were rape trauma.  I wanted to kill myself at some point. I felt ugly. I felt unwanted. I missed Andy.By the age of 16, I had two sisters. I realized that whatever to myself will def hurt me but most of all it will hurt my siblings and my parents. It wasn't worth it. I love my family way too much to have them be hurt. I feel like I am stronger. I never Been with a man. I never felt I needed anyone in my life.  I graduated high school with honors. I graduated college with honors. I received 3 bachelor in science  degree, 1 master degree and currently working on my PhD.Andy, He eventually got married. He had a boy and a girl. He has his own clinic. This is my secret. That I have been bottling in. It's been 20 years. I do not know if I will ever get over it. Any advice.
Is it still rape if you absolutely don't want it, but you go along with it because you're afraid that saying no will make him start a fight with you? Not a phsical fight, just one that doesn't make sense. It felt like dying, pretending to like it when I was just avoiding a fight.Is it rape if when you think you might have finally said no but maybe he didn't hear you and took it as a yes anyway?Is it rape if he thought all along you wanted it, but really you were just afraid of him?
My dad left us when I was 6. Mother became an alcoholic, lost her job and we ended up living wherever we could. I slept in the same room with her until I was 15. One night she came home drunk and forced herself on me, I was 12. I made myself forget.Now I realize that I've had a really difficult time relating to women. My wife and I just started attending marriage counseling. I have trouble being intimate. I have a bipolar disorder. I just confessed to my wife what happened to me. She was the first person I ever told. I never said it out loud. I could barely even say the words, that I had sex with my mother. I feel like my wife now will hate me.  I wish I could move on.  I just wanted someone to know.  Thanks[update]. Thank you for the words.  I can't tell you how much they meant to me.  Both of you were heartfelt and you are the first people to actually say it was going to be ok.  I now feel like things can be.   When I originally posted this I think I was at my darkest, confused at what was wrong with me.  I am seeing a counselor and have learned that I've survived several different kinds of abuse (of which sexual was only the "worst").  I'm on a better path than I was and am determined to get passed my past and become a better man.Thanks
This is going to be a long story but I've been wanting to get this off my chest but never got the courage for it and /r/offmychest decided this was spam. So there's me (24M) and my girlfriend (23F), I started to know her from a MMO, talking to her and just having fun, after 5 months of playing together she started to have a relationship with another guild member and I wished them all the best, we were just very good friends by then. another half a year later we started talking again and a few weeks after we decided that she should visit my country. (I'm from NL and she is from GB) By then it was end May and she stayed in the guest room, but after that she said she was too scared to sleep alone and wanted to sleep in my bed, I thought that was no problem because she has a very rough past. Then half in the week we started drinking on her request and when she got drunk she went for a smoke. When she came back she climbed on me, pinned me down and said she wanted me to fuck her. This was the first thing she said something like this and I was shocked, I said no but she kept pestering me to have sex with her. After saying no twice and "i dont want to do this" she said: but you're already hard see? I just went with it and had sex with her. I felt terrible after because in my head I just used a drunk person? The day after she said we should have a relationship and do it more often, sure I thought, might as well for the remaining days you're here. She went back home and after that started talking again about coming over. This time when she came over I tried to break up but she said I was lying to myself and that I actually liked her. 1 year later I bought my own house and the logical step was to move in with her. Now I'm living with her for 2 years already and she is the best girlfriend in terms of personality, shes sweet, same hobbies even though she is depressed. But theres a big issue, I hate every night with her, I have to hope she doesn't touch me because it makes me hate myself. Every few months we have a discussion on why we don't have sex often (once a month and I'm 24...not normal) and I try to brush it off as my sex drive or my attraction towards her.Now a little background on her: When she was 18 she was raped by her fiancé and after that he stole all the money from her and went with her best friend. After that she got sexually abused by the guild member i was talking about and right after that raped by another friend of hers. She has also complex PTSD from her youth and anxiety disorder, very ill but sweet girl.Now this friday is her final day from the clinic where she has been for 6 weeks and these last few weeks have felt very liberating, sleeping without issues (save for the few nightmares about her) and not being constantly worried. I want to tell that day that I don't want to sleep in the same bed anymore but is that smart to do? She said she had been close to self harming and even though I hate sleeping with her I still love her as a friend. I just don't know how to carefully asses the situation... Please help me with this!
It was early Sunday morning, 1:00 am to be exact. I was feeling very lonely and wanted to watch a movie with someone. There was this guy I had been talking to for a few days on the site OKC. Nothing sexual was ever said between us. We talked about books and movies. I felt like he would be nice to hang out with, so I invited him over to my house on Sunday early morning to watch a movie. We agreed on that. When he arrived I led him into my room. As I was setting up my computer he got on top of me and started kissing me. He wrapped his arms around my waist and laid on top of me. I tried moving to get him off of me and move my face away from his, but he kept continuing to kiss me. After struggling I just froze. He lowered my pants and did the same to his. He ended up having vaginal sex with me without my consent. As he was penetrating me his arms went back around my waist. When he wasn't kissing me I told him no, but he just laughed. When he was finished he got up and left. I waited a week to tell the police and that was a mistake. I should of told them earlier so that I could give more evidence. If you ever meet someone off a dating site make sure you meet them in a public place first. It was horrible. 
Hey guys. I'm going to try and keep this brief. I am 17 year old female, when I was 12/13, I used to commute to school by bus but came back in my dad's car, he had a driver who used to drive me back home, because it was more convenient for my dad. Now, there was something off about this guy, even when he made small talk with me, I didn't even realize how or when this small talk turned into a series of uncomfortable conversations. He was probably in his late 30s or early 40s by the way. He soon began to ask me stuff like "are you a Virgin?", "have you got your period yet? " he even told me that he wants to have sex with me one day, I just kept quiet throughout all this or tried to change the topic. But he just wouldn't stop. I don't even know why I didn't tell my family, I was a stupid kid who was really scared, in retrospect, I probably didn't tell them because I thought that he would become vindictive, and come back for my family and I after my dad would fire him and obviously call the police on him. Now, one day, the worst thing happened, he coerced me into sitting on the passenger's seat next to him while coming back from school, he purposefully took an empty route, he ordered me to unbutton my shirt, when I declined, he started touching me.. All over the place, he was hurting me, I won't go into the details but I can definitely tell you that it was the worst moment of my life, my hands are trembling as I'm typing this. I didn't move a muscle when he was doing what he was doing. I was paralyzed with fear. We finally got home and before I literally jumped out of the car he warned me not to say anything to anyone. I went inside...feeling used and disgusted with myself. My self respect plummeted, I spent the entire week crying and had fallen into the downward spiral of depression. I never really told anyone, and the guy left the job soon, I don't know what made him do it but I was glad he did it. The reason as to why I'm sharing this experience with you guys is that, I really do face problems regarding this incident even now, there's still anger in me, I'm furious sometimes, my fury is occasionally accompanied by anxiety, do you guys think telling my family or at least my sister about this would help me in some way? I feel that me keeping this inside and hiding it from my family is eating away at me. I know not much can be done about it now as far as attaining justice is concerned but would it help me get over this anger and anxiety? 
My boyfriend and I have been together for almost 3 years now. Our relationship has been great. He's one of the kindest people I've ever met. We've been through a whole lot together.Months ago, we had joked about me waking him up with a blowjob before, and he asked if I would like the same thing done for me. I said maybe, and that if we mentioned it the night before I might be okay with it. The other night, we got drunk and then fell asleep after having sex. Later, when we woke up, he asked me if I liked how he fingered me in the morning. I had no idea what he was talking about. We hadn't talked about him doing that the night before, and I wouldn't even have known that he did it if he didn't bring it up. He says that he's sorry, and that he never would've done it if he knew that it would upset me, and that he'll never do it again. I still love him, but I feel weird about the whole thing. Its not like I blacked out and didn't remember, he even says I was asleep. I don't know if I was sexually assaulted, or how to handle the situation. I dont know if we should break up, if this hadn't happened I wouldn't even be thinking about breaking up with him. I still love him and I don't think he'd do it againTL;DR: Boyfriend fingered me while I was asleep. I still love him and I'm confused.Sorry if this is formatted badly, I'm on mobile. I don't know if this was the right subreddit, and I don't mean to make anyone upset. I was going to post in r/relationships, but the sub sent me here.
I was raped two years ago at a friends house. Immediately after I guess I was in denial or shock, because I waited a week before I went to the doctor and didn't want to press charges. I don't know why but it's suddenly just hit me over the past six months what actually happened to me. I recently started going to counseling but I just needed a place to vent and let out my feelings, because I don't really have a lot friends to turn to. Ever since it happened I've been distancing myself from others and not being able to make new relationships. So basically below I just wrote what I've been feeling, I'm just hoping someone can relate and that I'm not alone in feeling this way. I want to feel like myself again. Below is just a stream of consciousness:I'm angry at my self for drinking too much.I'm angry at my self for not trying harder to escape.I'm angry at my self for not being stronger. I'm angry at her for leaving me alone with him.I'm angry that I even put my self in that situation. Why did I even go?Im angry at my self for not being able to get over this. I feel damaged and used. Why can't I be like I was before this happened?Why can't I be happy again?I am angry at myself for letting this change me. I am no longer optimistic and think the best of people. I am always on guard, expecting others to get me. I am not happy anymore. Why can't I get over this? Why can't I just forget? I hate that I have to ask people to censor themselves around me. Why can't I experience everything a normal person does? I am angry at myself for not feeling normal.I want this to go away. I am angry at myself for not pressing charges. How could I let this monster roam free? What if he does this to someone else? It will be my fault.I am angry at my self for feeling guilty. I feel like I am to blame for everything. I mess everything up. I can't do anything right. I couldn't even stop him from using me. Why wasn't I stronger? Why didn't I try and fight back harder? Why did I let this happen? I am angry at myself for being angry at myself. Why do I feel this way? Will I ever feel normal again, because it doesn't seem like I will ever be able to escape his shadow. 
Original Post:https://www.reddit.com/r/FeministsWithHumor/comments/514b4q/stranger_rape_part_2_recovery/I just need vent.I know the Prosecution lawyer is busy with other trials (including one involving serial Rape, unfortunately), so I'm not mad at HER.It's like... SORRY that my Rape was at such an inconvenient time for the system, you know?It's just frustrating that this is so prevalent and we don't have the Support that we SHOULD for this shit - to the point that I haven't even been able to TALK to the Prosecution's lawyer for my Rapist's future trial, yet. I have so many questions on the details of my case.At least one of the people at her office said she will be able to contact me soon. They are doing the best they can. It's only been about a couple months, but I want to make sure I have as much time as possible to be ready for Everything, not just Court. I want to understand what the process is (Rape Kit tracking, etc.) and make sure that everything is being done properly.I have to be patient and Trust that she will do a good job no matter what, but I don't WANT to damnit! LOL.I also think it's very important that the Rapist be charged right. Seems F1 felony would be more appropriate in my case for the Rape. Not F2. I'm not sure how they can fix that at this point.The Burglary is F1, though. That is good. So, the Burglary is 'aggravated' level, but the Sexual Assault is not??? That's weird to me.
I recently found out that rapes can be reported up to 10 years after they occur. My ex was abusive and destroyed most of the evidence I could have had. For one, he broke my cellphone. The only other evidence I could have is messages on Facebook from around that time. Most of the people I spoke to about it aren't friends with me anymore.I lost 90% of my friends after I became very reclusive after getting into a newer healthier relationship. I still have unhealthy friendships because I'm not sure how to keep up with both (friends/relationship).I'm living in Cincinnati,OH at the moment, but plan on moving back to Los Angeles within the next few months.Like I said, I barely have any evidence, but if I have 10 years to report this, then goddammit, I plan on doing it. At least just to say I did if he doesn't go to jail.Does anyone know how to go about this? What might help etc.?Thanks in advance.
Obvious (huge) trigger warnings. Be cautious and sorry for the very long post. TL;DR at the end.I've known him since first grade. He's always been obsessed with me. He had a panic attack one day during lunch when I told him I wanted to sit with other friends. We were very young so I didn't think anything of it.After we graduated 8th grade I didn't talk to him for a year and a half. Then one week in my sophomore year of high school he started talking to me again. He was the sweetest thing ever. My then boyfriend of 4 years never called me beautiful and really never complimented me at all. It was so new to be called beautiful and be appreciated that I broke up with my boyfriend and got together with him instead.The first couple of days were great and then we decided to go on a double date to the movies with his friends. The day before he started getting very sexual in our conversations and I just went with it because I had never felt appreciated like that before. When we got to the movies, he immediately started making out with me. I am not exaggerating when I say he is the worst kisser I have ever met. That sounds very high school but I don't know how else to put it. It disgusted me so I stopped and he put my hand on his erect penis and told me to give him a hand job while he fingered me. I didn't know what to do because I didn't expect it. He was my boyfriend and he was so nice to me so I felt like I owed it to him. So clichè. His friends didn't even notice. I jerked him off and then he told me to suck it to finish him off as "practice." I did it because of the same reason. I didn't want to but I was stupid and thought I owed him somethig. After the movie we all went out to eat and he texted his friend and told him what happened and bragged about it. Of course the friend said something out loud. I was so embarrassed. I didn't know what to do. He wanted to go into the bathroom and fuck but I said no.A few days later he came over to my house. He got even more sexual with his texts after the movies. I don't know why I stayed with him. I guess I just felt attractive and accepted and liked knowing I could turn a guy on. So he came over and we went in the basement to play video games and watch movies together. It was completely fine at first. I was having a good time. Then he started feeling me up. He had me start giving him a blow job and held my head there so I couldn't stop. After a while he had me stop and told me to take my pants off. Still thought I owed him something for some dumb fucking reason so I obeyed. He starting having sex with me and I just distanced myself so I didn't feel anything or stop him. I said I didn't know if I wanted to but he convinced me. After a while he pulled out and rolled over. For some reason I started sucking his dick because I thought that that's what he wanted. He said "oh okay" and I didn't think anything of it. It took a long time for him to finish but I didn't think anything that either. He made me swallow. I felt sick to my stomach. I didn't think of this until the other day but I think he finished in me. I distanced myself during it so I guess I just didn't feel it. Or that's not what happened. I don't know. But I still feel sick thinking about the possibility. When the movie was over he went home. I continued on with life as if nothing happened.After that he stopped texting me for a while. So I broke up with him. He didn't like it but he couldn't do anything about it because he's a fucking pussy. I don't know how long it was, but a while later I told my best friend at the time and asked her to go with me to get a pregnancy test just in case. I didn't realize how lucky I was that it came back negative until this past month. It didn't sink in that I was raped and assaulted for a while. I knew I had been but I didn't realize the extent of what happened and the emotional turmoil to come.And now I want to start talking to him again. After all this pain. Why?? What's wrong with me? Nothing good ever came from him. I don't understand.. it's been 4 and a half years. Why can't I just get over him?TL;DR: A guy I've known since first grade sexually assaulted and raped me in my sophomore year of high school and now I miss him and want to talk to him again. I don't know what's wrong with me. Thanks for reading. Sorry for the length.
[Warning for talk about sex/rape, swearing]I'm sorry for clogging the subreddit up, I just need to rant this out somewhere. I'm sorry. I don't know what to do about this. I really don't. People will probably tell me I'm dumb for coming here, and I'm really sorry, but I need to rant and just get it out of my system because no one believes me. It's constantly on repeat in my head and if I don't get it out of my head somewhere I'll go crazy. I need to rant in a place that hopefully wont judge what a horrible person I am. Please forgive me for how long this is. I feel so guilty that I'm just word barfing all over the place. I'm really sorry. I'm 19[M] and I've just started my second year of college. I'm not gonna say which college. I moved to the UK when I was 15 with my family when they got jobs here.I wont lie, I'm coming to terms with being bi and I guess I jumped the gun. One of my tutors was, to be blunt, really fucking hot and I was attracted to him. I don't know if he could tell or something, but he started acting different to me as time went on. He'd lean in closer, he'd wink at me, smile at me a lot. When we bumped into each other he'd always be really welcoming and warm with me, touching my arm or shoulder. He'd sometimes touch my hand or arm when I was playing (I study music) and stroke his fingers over my back a lot. He always complimented my work and told me how great I was at music and composing. I play guitar and yeah, it's childish but I have dreams of making it in metal music. I have a band already and we're good.. I sent my tutor a CD and asked him for a genuine review of it and he told me he would listen to give me some feedback. He made me feel really good, like he cared about me and he listened to my problems about my ex and said she didn't know what she was missing.He called me into his office and he told me he really liked the music, gave me a few pointers and told me if we kept going, we'd make it big. He then told me he'd been saving something for me, and gave me one of the Schecter Synyster Gates customs. I've told him how I LOVED the guy as a guitarist. He also told me he knew someone in the music business and that he was going to email them and send them a copy of our CD. I was utterly stunned and tried to give him the guitar back, but he told me he got it just for me, and that he thought I was attractive and should have a good guitar to see me through college and into my career. Then he kissed me. I know it's horrible of me, but he made me feel so good and so wanted and appreciated and he was so nice to me that I kissed him back and we got a little handsy before he told me we shouldn't because he was my teacher. He let me leave and for about two weeks he left me alone and stopped all his flirting. He asked to see me in his office, and immediately started touching me and kissing me. When I told him I didn't understand, he said he couldn't stop thinking about me. He started telling me I was pretty and saying things like I was pretty 'just like a girl'. It pissed me off, he knows I HATE being called pretty and small and being likened to a girl, because I told him. He apologized to me, but kept touching me and I know I am so awful, but I enjoyed it. He's in his 40's, just got out of a messy divorce and he told me I made him feel young again. He kept telling me how lucky he was to have someone like me. This went on for a few more weeks, me going to his office after class or between our classes, us making out and sometimes touching over our clothes. One time though I jerked him off. He encouraged me, but he kept saying things like 'I'm your teacher' and 'This is so wrong'. It made me stop, but he told me to keep going, that me being a pupil made it sexier. I started falling for him and when I told him he said he loved me too and that he'd fantasied about me.Eventually he wanted things to progress and he kept asking me to give him a blow job. I refused at first and told him I'd never been with a guy but he told me if I loved him I'd do it and that I did 'kind of owe him for the guitar'. So I did it, even though I didn't want to. He was rough and he kept and calling me a girl. I got mad and stormed out. About a week later we talked and he apologized for being so rude to me, I forgave him and things went back to normal. Things started escalating, and he started asking me to do more and more with him and he told me he would eventually not be satisfied with 'groping like teenagers'. He invited me round to his home one weekend and asked me to have sex with him. I told him no, but he told me I owed him for the guitar and for sending our bands CD to his friend. I still said no and he got annoyed and we argued. He undressed me, held me down and made me have sex with him and kept telling me he knew I liked it, that I needed it and deserved it for leading him on. He kept calling me a girl and when I cried he told me that just made it even better. When he'd finished he said no one would believe me if I told, that if I loved him I'd keep quiet about it. I left his house and I can't even remember what I did after that. I just remember waking up in my dorm.In class he was totally different with me. He was blunt and dismissive and kept telling me off for little things like talking with a friend or writing when he was talking. It was like he did a 180 over night. I went to see him after class and he flat out ignored me. I tried leaving him a message under his door to say I was sorry, but he didn't contact me. I felt guilty and I don't know if I over reacted or not.A week later he called me into his office and forced me to have sex with him again. He kept telling me that if I told anyone he'd fail me and he'd make sure I could never have a career in music. He's told my other tutors that I'm a trouble maker and 'problematic' and that I say things and lie for attention and that he's had words with me about it. This is a complete lie! He started administering fake warnings against me when I threatened to tell the head of the department and he got my parents involved. My mum called me up saying they had got a letter from the head of the department about my behavior and that anymore trouble and I'll be removed from the college. He keeps telling people that I do things in class like being rude, swearing, etc and he's told the head of the music department.I don't know what to do. I can't fail this music course, I can't tell my parents. They believe him that I'm bad and causing trouble. My parents and I don't get on, as they're resentful I took music and told me I must pass or they'll be furious for paying for it. I just feel even worse with this pressure from them. I thought he loved me and I know I'm stupid, I feel so pathetic. I know it was wrong to do this with a teacher but I really thought he cared for me. We've started the new semester and he's called me into his office twice already and made me give him a blow job. He tried to initiate sex, but he got a phone call and sent me away. He keeps telling me that no one will believe me and I don't know how to handle this. I'm terrified. If I fail, my parents will kick me out, because they're already angry I took music and not medicine like them. I don't get on well with them as it is. He says if I don't have sex with him my grades will slip. What should I do? How do I cope? I'm just a complete mess. It seems so surreal. Sometimes I can't even think. When he's touching me I don't feel like I'm even in my own body. I can't handle this until I graduate. It's a three year course and I've only just started second year. I'm so low and so scared. I'm constantly upset and crying or angry or worried. I just want to end things. If I tell anyone he will kick me out the class and I'll be removed from the college. I can't focus in class. He yells at me for not concentrating now and he seems to get a kick out of embarrassing me in front of people.On Friday he made me cry in class by picking apart a piece I'd composed for class and calling me a 'fairy boy'. Everyone laughed and when I walked out of class, he called me to his office after the lesson and made me jerk him off as an 'apology'. He keeps telling me that no one is going to believe me. I feel sick about Monday because I have class with him and he wants to see me in his office after. I thought about recording it, but I'm terrified. He always switches my phone off when I go to his office and takes it off me. I've lost my friends because I just don't want to do anything. I just stay in my dorm. I want to go home but I can't. I'm totally alone. I can't stop crying and I feel like there's no way out. I can't go to the police, they wont believe me. I have no proof and he says he has a friend in the police force and they wont believe me. I feel like such a whore for this. I want to tell someone but I don't know who. My friend from our band is coming to visit for a week and I'm so scared of what's going to happen. I don't know if I should tell him. I just need someone.I tried getting advice on a closed facebook group but they said I was a liar and that a teacher would not do that to someone. Now I feel like I'm just over reacting. I feel sick about Monday. I'm scared if I don't go he'll show up at my dorm or fail me. I feel like I deserve it because at first I was okay with it and then it just went so wrong.
On Thursday evening, I watched an old movie that was recommended by a critic I like. It's considered a comedy classic, and I was enjoying it up until the end when there is a rape scene that is played as inconsequential and for laughs. The woman enjoys it once it starts happening. Then I felt horrendous for having enjoyed the movie up to that point even though I know I couldn't have known it was coming. & I can most of the time watch the same thing in a crime show and not be affected by it, I don't know why this set me off when I haven't been affected like to this degree in a long time.I'm avoiding using the t word, seeing as Reddit is so stringent about it, but I have been alternating feeling numb and anxious since Friday since then. I was stupid on Friday night and did something that I knew would exacerbate how I was feeling. It's been a long time since I've had a reaction like this to something, I couldn't get to sleep yesterday until I googled tips which suggested journalling everything you're feeling and that did work. The other tips didn't work for me, it was suggestions like meditating / concentrating on remembering all the details of a place you feel/felt safe in, but my concentration kept breaking. I tried for two hours to concentrate but it couldn't get it to work.I was fine earlier today while I was out and could keep myself busy, but now it's the evening I am stuck with the growing anxiety/numbness again. Does anyone have any suggestions for what works to calm them down when they are feeling like this?
When I was about 15-16 years old I went on an online dating site pretending to be 18. I don't know why. I met a nice guy and started talking to him on the phone. He was about 25 I think and he somehow figured out I was only 15-16 years old. (In my country we can have sex at the age of 15.)Well we decided to meet and I took a train to him. I thought he was a nice guy and we watched some movies. Then he wanted to have sex. I was not a virgin and I said yes. We got in to bed and started to fool around. But then he wanted to try anal and I didn't want to but he begged and begged and I said ok let's try.Well we tried and it hurt so bad that I said stop and started crying from the pain. He then put his hand over my mouth and pushed himself into me very hard and fast. He then raped me for hours. I wanted to go home. I was hurt and sad. But he wouldn't let me. So he kept me in his house for 3 days. (friday - sunday.) And he raped me many times a day and only analy. And it hurt so bad. The last day he took me analy in doggy style and I shit all over him. He punched me in the face and got in the shower. I then put my clothes on very fast and ran out of there and almost got hit by a car.And who was driving it? Well my big brother. He made me sit in the car and to tell him where this fucker lived. I later heard that my brother beat that guy up and then the guy ran away to another part of Sweden. 
My older brother and male cousin sexually abused me several times and exposed me to pornography when we were kids. This might have been going on since i was 6-7, my brother abused me during then, there was no penetration as i remember but he got me naked in the closed bathroom and he masturbated and rubbed his genitals against me, my cousin also did similar things as well as forcing me to masturbate him and exposing me to pornography for a prolonged period of time (maybe until i was about 10, everything is so blurry i dont remember) All my life until about a year ago (im almost 20 and female) i really didnt think about it and i think i pushed it to the back of my head, but somehow all these memories came back and now i dont know what to do with them... i dont know if im traumatised, nothing has really been triggering to me but now i realize the way i think about sex and sexual fantasies and my sex dysphoria have been so affected by it. Im also a lesbian and a lot of times i cant help but think, i wasnt born this way but they made me gay. I dont know how to heal or forget this ever happened, whats worse is i want to hate them because they used me and came out unaffected even though they were minors too, but they probably feel no guilt or remorse for what they did to me. They probably dont even remember it happened or see it as a wrong thing to do. I see them almost every day and im nice to them, why do i do this? They dont deserve it, i want nothing to with them and yet...
My boyfriend has always struggled with the fact that I was raped. We had been dating for a month at the beginning of our senior year in high school when I went to a party and was raped at 17.I invited him to this party, but he was at some family event and couldn't join. I went to this party with a friend from class and her friend. On the way she was pulled over for a tail light and freaked out because she had a warrant for her arrest, weed in the center console, and no proof of insurance- but still somehow got out of being arrested and we were told to go home. We, of course, continued on to the party where she proceeded to smoke weed, bail, and leave me with her friend. Her friend was a 19 y/o male and we were at someone's 21st birthday party. He was flirtatious, but knew I was dating someone. I had a beer and finished it, and he was already prepared with another, and another and another and would always pressure me to have another- although I was small and didn't have a tolerance for alcohol back then (second house party that I had ever been to). Eventually he took me back to his place since I told my parents I was staying with the girl who bailed and it was 2 am and I was drunk. He told me he'd take the floor and I'd get the bed. I changed into my pjs in the bathroom, got ready for sleep and went to bed. Eventually he crawled in with me and wanted to watch TV- fine. Then he started to chew on my ear and I told him to stop, that I was tired and we needed to sleep. He kept coming back and was insistent. I continued to turn him down giving all sorts of excuses why I didn't want to sleep with him "I'm tired, have a boyfriend, I'm too drunk, you're too drunk, we're both too drunk" all the way up to "I don't want to". He ended up countering all of those things and telling me that my boyfriend didn't love me, that  my relationship didn't matter, and "why rob a bank if you're not going to take all the money" after I gave in and kissed him. He then took my shorts/panties off and raped me while I lied in bed thinking about how I just wanted it to be over and for him to leave me alone. When I got home in the early morning, I scrubbed myself in the hottest shower possible, shut myself in my room and slept for the whole day. My best friend and boyfriend ended up guilt tripping me into leaving my room for a walk, which I pretended to be okay, even though they knew something was off. I couldn't get the party out of my head and something was screaming what happened wasn't right. I went to school on Monday and looked up a similar scenario in a teen health book from the library that explained date rape and I knew that was what happened to me. I then went to the school counselor and explained what happened. She agreed that I was raped and gave me the option to tell my mother or have her do it for me.I waited until the end of the school day and decided to tell the boyfriend on the way home. He dropped to knees and cried when I told him I'd understand if he wanted to break up. Then he went with me to tell my mother. As soon as I told her she drove us all to the nearest hospital where I had a rape kit taken and reported it all to the police. My boyfriend sat in the waiting room of the hospital for 7 hours while I was checked over. He was always supportive and would offer to be there for me at any time of the day and night. He would loan me jackets and blankets to sleep with for comfort. He was there after the detective told said "you weren't raped, it sounds like you just didn't want to have sex" which ended my investigation and furthered my guilt and the feeling of second guessing my feelings and experience. My boyfriend was so enraged and overall emotional that I couldn't handle my own emotions and his at the same time, so I broke up up with him. I ended up going though therapy and medication treatment. I dissociated myself from my friends and started to hang out with people that were older and partied (drank and did drugs) for a few months. After I had calmed down and realized that I wasn't really reclaiming myself as my own person again by sleeping with friends- I returned to my boyfriend who had been waiting. After all of this- Currently we have been together for a solid 4 years, have been living with each other for the last 2.5, and we have had our struggles, but genuinely love each other. Very recently he has been aggressively pursuing my rapist. I know that he never got treatment and that this definitely affected him. About a month ago he asked if he could write a post about it on social media and I gave him my blessing thinking maybe this would help him and be some kind of outlet for his feelings. I do my best to not talk about this with anyone because I don't want people to know this about me and I don't want to open myself up to criticism again. I guess that post opened the flood gates and he has been almost non stop with the subject since. He's been writing specific posts with the rapists name and the girl who left me with him. He has created multiple Facebook accounts in which to message them both personally and find out who their friends/family/coworkers are and have been sending them messages about the rape. He went as far as messaging the rapist's mother on Facebook. When he was blocked he decided to make a "Fan" page and posted pictures of the rapist, the story, his name, etc.Today I came home from work and found that he had drank half a bottle of whiskey, self injured with his pocket knife and was posting erratic posts on Facebook, Twitter and Snapchat about the rape, and about being alone and depressed. I'm watching my best friend/partner lose his fucking mind and now I have no idea what to do. He was in a drunken rage, screaming random lines about murdering the rapist, then killing himself or turning himself in, to feeling guilty and responsible for not going to the party, up to making out no words and just screaming, than manically laughing on the floor for 10 minutes before a close friend saw the posts and came as soon as he could to help talk him down. (My boyfriend is very loud, but I'm not fearful that he'll physically hurt me or anything, I just don't want our neighbors to call the cops.)Part of me feels incredibly guilty for this due to the fact that I was the victim and maybe if we weren't together, he wouldn't be like this. Another part of me is disgusted that he's acting like this when he wasn't the person who was raped and that he's still leaning on me for more support than I can give him- even after all this time. And some part of me deep down feels this is prompted because he's so hung up on the fact that we were dating at the time and this was ultimately the root cause for me to leave him back then and almost like he feels some kind of ownership over me... Like how dare this stranger spoil my summer romance and fuck the girl I waited so long to be with, she was mine kind of thing. Aside from that, this is all incredibly triggering for me. The rape is brought up almost daily, he has made multiple posts about it on social media this week (This weekend would have been our 6th anniversary if we had stayed together all the way through this.) I've been having difficulty sleeping, feeling more anxious, hyper aware of my surroundings, and definitely thinking about it more than I already did- although I would like to pretend it never happened if I had it my way. Which all the more makes me upset that he's going through this now because it's dragging me along for the ride again too. I'm becoming more and more worried that his behavior is going to become more out of control and either invite the rapist back into our lives by trying to out him on the internet or that he is going to seek revenge and actually hurt himself or other people- even if it is the person who ruined my life. (I'm actually terrified that the rapist will show up in public somewhere and confront me because he used to live the same area and have the same friends that I did- Last time I saw him I had a panic attack and puked on myself at a party exactly one month, one day, and one year after he raped me. The irony.)I have tried to talk my boyfriend into seeking therapy or going to see a doctor, but he will not go. A few months ago I even called the rape recovery center that I received counseling at to ask if there were services available for secondary survivors, I brought it up to him and he shut it down immediately.Tonight, I contacted his mom to ask for insurance information after he passed out and told her that he really needed to get some counseling. But I doubt that he'll actually go for any of it. I'm really just looking for some insight for what to do next. I really want to help him, but I really want to stay in a good mental place myself and not dive back into the hole I almost lost myself in originally. EDIT: Grammar/Formatting- I'm new to Reddit and this has been my very first post and I originally wrote after dealing with said boyfriend at 3am 
How does one know if one was sexually assaulted, sexually harassed, or raped? How can one distinguish between these terms?
Is it rape if a guy forces you to "consent" to sex using blackmail? My ex boyfriend forced me to have sex with him and told me I had to be "into it" I did because he was threatening to kill himself if I didn't (kept reaching for weapons, wouldn't let me leave, wouldn't let me call the police) I don't know if that's rape but I feel completely violated and I don't know what to do or who to go to.
I'm not sure if I'm looking for advice or just wanting to share this as it's not exactly something I can talk to with most people.So, quick history: I (M24) have been thinking about it for about six years now. Back then I was first exposed to something that made me click and break down, to some far too visual images that brought it all back up. Since then I have been on this long journey for self-understanding.What I understood in that time, along with friends who had had some similar experiences and symptoms, is that•There has been at least one incident of my mother physically abusing me in a way that was penetrative but not directly sexual•My older brother (28) exposed me to a lot of pornography when I was only in second grade, maybe even•There most likely have been even more incidents that I can't remember quite clearly, but I do know there were some things.I'm not entirely certain whether I actually was raped by my brother. It would make sense, given the relationship I had with him. I despised him and hoped to get rid of him when I was eight but I also seemed to speak highly of him, as if I loved him deeply. I kind of think I was dependant on him back then, although for some time, I honestly wondered if I was in love with him, or attracted to him on some obscure level. It wasn't something I could easily notice. I did end up indulging in stories of step-siblings falling in love and such, but up to this day it's not completely obvious to me. I do know that occasionally I remember bits and pieces of something that happened, I'm fairly certain it was in my old room, the one I shared with my brother - which had always had me wondering how something could happen there without him noticing. I also know that for a long time I connected affection with sex, even against my will, and that in turn with being in love so it all became a big mess. I'm still struggling to disconnect them, but it would make sense for these things to be somehow related, wouldn't it?There also might have been other incidents. My mother had plenty of partners. She herself might have gone down this road with me, a teacher might have as well, I can't tell for sure. I'm sort of worried that I'm making this all up or remembering it entirely wrong. But up to this day I regularly seek out content about parental (and sometimes other) incest and rape, often in which both parties enjoy it though, because even if it felt horrible, it felt sort of good, because that's what your body does, but once I'm through with that content, it weighs on me even heavier, makes me even more fragile to this content. It's almost like some sort of self-harm.Now, I am signed up to go to therapy, but the waiting lists are incredibly long right now, and I'm not sure this is something I would be able to bring up early into the discussion, because it does require a certain level of trust and a certain level of distance for me.Anyway, thank you for reading.
Basically I went to this 41 year old dudes house after school yesterday. We barely knew each other since we started texting that very morning. I thought we were just gonna cuddle and hang out and we even said we weren't gonna go any further when we texted. I don't want to go too far into detail but I showed signs I didn't want to have sex, by saying no, trying to push him off of me etc. But he was pretty rough with me and was pinning me down and stuff so I couldn't really move (which almost made me panic). Eventually I kind of just gave up and let him do it, cause I was scared he was gonna be mad if I kept fighting him. But I was still acting hesitant/showing signs that I wasn't into it. But maybe he wasn't picking them up, and that's why I'm not sure if I can call it rape, even though I said no like 10 times in the beginning and he totally ignored it.I've felt very physically sick since it happened, and I have bruises on my arms from him holding me down. I have blocked the dude but I don't want to report him cause I don't want my parents to know I'm sexually active/meeting up strange middle aged men on my free time. And I feel like I'm being an attention seeker for crying rape, cause I kind of put myself in that situation and I was being naive for thinking we were just gonna cuddle.So, what do I do? Was I even raped? And if I was, should I just keep quiet about it?
I had been talking to this guy in high school named Andrew who was a junior and I was a freshmen and he was this "bad boy" figure and he would ignore me, often, and it made me hurt, and it affected my self imagine but I truly did like him a lot. One week night my parents were out of town and Andrew and his friends were drinking down at the park near my house and he invited me over that night and I took that as a chance for Andrew and I to hangout. Later that night at his house and We made out and watched tv and later when things were steaming up a little and he got on top of me and I was extremely nervous (this was my 4th time EVER about to  have sex)  and I was feeling very heavy and unsure and I wanted to say something so bad but I was so nervous and my heart was pounding and I really did have a crush on him. Finally I squeezed out a couple words, and I practically choked up "this isn't a good idea", and he paused and said "don't worry, I'll pull out". Because he thought I was talking about usuing a condom...and I was actually talking about having sex in general.... After he said that I bite down on my lip so hard and I felt numb. We started having sex and then He put me on top and I had no idea what to do so I froze and he got annoyed and just pushed me off and went to sleep...he never talked me to agin after that, but just recently he messaged me and added me on FB and Instagram and I don't really know what to think about all this, at the time I wasent worried but now it seems to take a toll on me. Was this scenario rape? I just need advice 
I was sexually assaulted in march of 2015. It broke my spirit and caused me severe distress. I had some of the usual symptoms such as flashbacks, reoccurring nightmares; but for the most part I didn't accept it even happened until about a month after the fact. I tried reporting it to the police and the detective that talked to me obviously didn't believe me (even though I had a Facebook conversation where my rapist admitted he knew I said no and didn't stop). After we met he told me that he would do some interviews and stuff and I never heard from him again and he never interviewed a single person there. And I guess that's when everything started to hurt, for about a month and then I pushed it away again.During that time, in april, I had reconnected with an ex girlfriend of mine and we started seeing each other again. We're still going strong to this day and I couldn't be happier with her, but my sex drive is practically non existent anymore. Obviously this has been hard for her because I used to be crazy in bed. We had sex basically everyday with props and excitement for the entire first part of our relationship, and a few months after we got back together. But then it started to change. Slowly it became weird for me to have sex. I feel sex repulsed a lot, cannot look at my own genitalia, and often wish I didn't have any genitalia at all. I've gone through periods of acceptance of my assault but for the most parts it's been denial. After many long talks with my girlfriend about this, we thought maybe the assault was the trigger. And it all makes sense, but not the year later part. So if anyone has any input to help me fully understand my ptsd and maybe some words for my girlfriend as well, it would appreciate it greatly. :)
I know it's still almost 2 months away but this Halloween will mark 5 years since the night I was raped and I'm already scared of it approaching. I was only 17 at my first semester of college and I was raped in my dorm room by a guy I met at a party. I believe he put something in my drink when I set it down while playing beer pong. My only memory of it is of him getting rough with me, me finally pushing him away when he tried to have sex, and then I blacked out. When I woke up I knew nothing other than that my hair and makeup were a mess and my neck and face were covered in bruises and hickeys. I knew something terrible happened but I didn't know what exactly and I partly blamed myself at the time, so I pushed it as far back in my mind as I could. I've finally reached the point of being able to call it what it was, but feelings of doubt still come up. There's no escape because reminders of Halloween will be everywhere soon, especially on social media which always makes me jealous of everyone having fun because I wish I could enjoy the holiday like I used to. The idea of dressing up in a costume and celebrating makes me cringe. It doesn't help that I recently found a journal entry from Halloween when I was only 9, in which I talk about how my parents "had a mental breakdown," how my dad was taken away to the hospital, and how I wasn't trick or treating because I "grew out of it." That's a whole other long story but that journal entry was one of the things that has recently allowed me to realize the extent of the trauma I've experienced throughout my life. I guess I'm just looking for support and any advice about how to deal with/manage my feelings. 
I recently met a girl and fell in love with her. Theres only a few problems. She was rape twice, once by her brother(4yrs ago). Once by her ex-best friend(5 months ago).She has about a 50/50 chance of flashing back during sex and that is partially because I fucking look like the second guy. She was guilted into believing her brother just "made a mistake" or "didn't know what he was doing" and keeps saying the second guy didn't either (His actions were undoubtedly predatory but she refuses to press charges because she wants to believe it was a one off.)  She wants to go home for thanksgiving and wants me to meet here family and *Shake her brothers hand*. I can't do it.She's finally getting counseling but its hard because she never addressed either in the past. I just want to know how I should be helping. 
I was walking through a shopping mall in downtown Atlanta by myself on a hot summer day when I was 23 when one of the mall’s security guards fell in step beside me. I looked over and slowed down so that I wouldn’t be in his way if he was trying to get past me, but he smiled at me and slowed to match my pace. “Hey there.” He said, voice like smooth cocoa, deep, dark and warm. I smiled back, he was tall- probably 6 ft 2. His shoulders were a bit too narrow, but he was good looking, neat facial hair, skin clear, nice smile, and seemed to be legally employed. “Hi...” I looked at his name tag “Trent. Is something wrong?”He was charming. He asked if I’d like to have lunch with him sometime. Told me that his second job was as a security guard for a church, and he had to go there today after his mall shift, but I could come see him later that week. I should have known something was shady because he didn’t want to meet for lunch at the mall, where a lot of people would see us. I was still too ignorant to know that everything doesn’t mean something, but anything can, and it is in my best interest to mind screw where strangers are concerned. So I agreed to call him and set up a date to hang out. When we talked, two days later, he invited me to his sister’s house. He said he wanted to introduce me to her and his nieces and nephews. He asked if I liked cartoons. I was convinced that I had found a nice guy. I was stupid. I agreed to meet him there the next, when he gave me directions by public transit, not questioning why a security guard was not driving. The next day, I took the bus and the train and another bus and finally got off at the stop I had been told to take. He met me at the stop, which was in front of a convenience store. He was still in his work uniform. Another flag. Who goes visiting in their work clothes? He asked if I wanted anything from the store. I declined, as I had my favorite energy drink in my hand. We walked for probably twenty minutes before we got to his sister’s apartment. It was a nice place, but looked a little chaotic... like someone was moving. He didn’t knock. He simply unlocked the door with a key, and showed me in.  To my credit, I had the presence of mind at this point to ask why he had a key and if she had honestly been expecting us. He laughed and said that he was helping her out with moving, and that she and the kids were at the grocery store and would be back shortly. He offered me a beer and said that she’d have me working in the kitchen when she got back, so I might as well. We sat on the couch with the beers, and he turned on a football game. When he had finished his beer, and she still wasn’t there, he offered to show me the rest of the house, pointing out various pictures of the sister and kids. Finally, he showed me his bedroom. I instantly felt every muscle tense, and tried to retreat down the stairs without seeming like I was retreating in case he was a psycho. I almost believed I would get away when he grabbed my arm and firmly  guided me into the room. He sat me on the bed and took my beer. I started crying. I knew where this was going. I asked him to please not do this. He asked why I was crying. I told him - I’ve been raped before... and I did not feel comfortable. I won’t go into more detail... but I will never forget him on top of me- telling me he wasn’t raping me- that he was trying to care about me. He let me go later... sister never showed up, by the way, and when I tried to tell police, I couldn't remember how to get to the apartment. 
Hi there...I'm new to the whole Reddit thing, but I need advice. I love Jenna, and I'm not really in a hurry to have sex with her. If she's never comfortable enough for PIV sex, I'm okay with that. While I like sex, it's not a dealbreaker for me.I've been with Jenna for 3 years dating, and known her for 7. We were both mutually wanting to date in our senior year, but she was recovering from the trauma of her dad, and her mother did not want her dating until she was well enough.I also grew up with an abusive father in my home, but most of his anger was aimed at my mom and not me. He's not in my life.When jenna was younger, her dad was fairly abusive toward her, and when it escalated to the point of sexually, her mom, Erin, moved out and they were away from him for a long time. When we were juniors in high school, he got a lawyer and was trying to get back into her life. Erin kept a journal of the abuse toward jenna, so luckily they had documentation, and while the court-stuff was still being a fight, he visited her house while I was there one day and got in a fight with Erin. He left after she threatened to call the police, and a week later she was walking home from school (alone, which isn't usual).He coerced her into going with him and I dealt with the guilt for a long time, wishing I could've been there for her, stopped it from happening. Everyone that normally accompanied her had mandatory plans. None of us realized she went home alone. Jenna is physically very small, and when she was younger, she was somewhat naive and trusting. She denied her dad had anything against her because she couldn't deal with the reality. Therapy has helped her a lot. I went for a while, too, to get over the guilt I felt.Jenna hasn't talked to me much about what happened that day, but she was diagnosed with PTSD following it. She grew up a lot after that, unfortunately. With time, she is much better, more comfortable, and both of us feel okay with her out alone again. For a long time, she couldn't be alone without having a panic attack. She has a stutter believed to be caused from other trauma as a kid, and for a long time afterward, she could barely form sentences.Anyway, in our relationship, she's become comfortable making out and we've both been naked around each other, casually. We moved in together about a year ago.on Thursday, she came home from her therapy session and sat down to talk me, telling me she wanted to try to have sex. She said her therapist also felt confident in her and agreed she was ready, as long as we both communicated throughout. We talked it over and while I was nervous for her, I knew it was her decision and I didn't want to undermine her.So, we went for it. It was all okay at first, and we were trying to figure things out, and I was careful about talking to her before adjusting/moving, I didn't disrobe her, and when I tried to move to get on top, I immediately realized it was wrong because she started sobbing and freaking out. I can't touch her when she gets triggered like that (makes it worse), and I felt so helpless. It's really hard to navigate this because I don't know what could trigger her, but she's so strong and determined. I don't know if I'm doing the right thing. She said she remembered him (her dad) on top of her and she remembered some of the things he said to her, and she reassured me that she trusts me completely. She's seeing her therapist again on Thursday to talk to her, but I'm still afraid to continue after this. I can't take causing her the memories to come back, but she still wants to have sex.So, now I know on top is a no-go for her, but I'm afraid of uncovering other reminders for her. Am I doing the right thing? I don't know how to help her, or maybe we need to wait longer, but I know she's impatient. What can I do differently? I'm attracted to her and I love her, but I don't know how to make her happy. I haven't had sex since high school before we were dating, and the only time she's ever had it was when she was raped.tl;dr: My girlfriend was taken by her father ~4 years ago and was raped/abused for an entire day before she was located. She's been in therapy and continues to improve, and I'm not rushing to have sex. We tried the other day, but she was clearly triggered and started panicking, I'm afraid for her. I can wait, but she still thinks she's ready. I don't want to hurt her. Should we try again?
I went to Vegas to celebrate my birthday. I'm not big on partying so I mainly planned on tanning and drinking by the pool. My friend came with me and told me that there was a party going on the night after my birthday she wanted to go to. I agreed to go with her and my boyfriend told me to have fun.We get to the club and it's great. Not too packed but the music is good. We get a drink and head to the dance floor. Once our drinks were done we went to the bar for another one. My friend started talking to this guy and told him we were in Vegas to celebrate my birthday. He invited us to his table and we went. He gave us a shot of something but I didn't drink it because I didn't see it being poured. He then bought a bottle of tequila and I took a few shots of those. I ended up getting really drunk and the last thing I completely remember was him giving me another shot of something. It wasn't tequila. But whatever. My friend and I wanted to leave and the guys were walking us out. I sent my boyfriend a text trying to ask for help but being drunk, it came out as complete gibberish. I don't remember much. I was in the taxi and my friend and I were telling the driver to take us to the hotel but the men we were with told the driver to take us to their hotel. We kept protesting and he didn't listen. I don't remember being led out of the taxi. I don't remember going upstairs to his room. I remember him on top of me and me crying and telling him no and trying to move him. I puked and woke up on his couch. I asked him where my friend was and went to find her. I called my best friend and told her what happened. I felt awful and I still do. I waited two days before confiding in my boyfriend and he dumped me because he can't be with someone that gets that drunk and parties with guys and puts themselves in that type of situation. I'm so confused and hurt and I really can't believe he broke up with me after I shared that with him. I want him to believe and understand that it wasn't my fault. I know I was foolish for drinking so much but I was just trying to have some fun. I don't know what to do. I don't know how to talk to him. 
(This is the first time I've ever fully talked about what happened. I'm sorry if this is too long for most people to read, but I found this as my best option to just fully vent and let out what happened.) It happened for the first time 3 years ago. It's still hard for me to even title what happened to me as a rape. (Some backstory) I had gotten out of a relationship with my boyfriend of 3 years a few months prior to college, but I tried to get over my past by hooking up with a few guys when I got to school. It was nice to be single again, and to feel like other guys wanted me. I had only hooked up with like 3-4 guys total prior to the night of this party. Anyways, I was at a party with my friends, it was the middle of the second semester of my freshman year of college. I was wearing a blue skirt and a black long sleeve crop top. I had decided to get decently drunk because, it was one of the last few nights that I could go out before my sports team season officially started. I went to a small school, so basically everybody knew everybody. I liked that. I felt comfortable with the population of students I was surrounded by. The night of the party I took some shots and I brought a big bottle of Barefoot Moscato to the party. I had almost finished the bottle and I didn't think about putting the rest into a water bottle for easy transportation, so here I was, trying to enter this party with a giant glass bottle 1/4 filled with wine. The guys told me I couldn't bring the bottle into the house cuz it was a "hazard" so I tried to impress them and my friends by chugging the remaining bit of wine and handing over the empty bottle. To this day I have no idea how I didn't vomit or something. The effects didn't hit me until like 30-45 min later when I was blacked out. I remember dancing with this tall, cute guy who I had seen around campus from time to time. We were making out on the dance floor and dancing pretty sloppily, I'm sure. After awhile he asked me if I wanted to go to his room with him, I said yeah. At this point I know what's going to happen deep down, but I like to give everyone the benefit of the doubt and I thought he just wanted to chill and get to know me. I black out. Come to and we're walking into his dorm room past security and a couple of other people. They give me side eye and shit, but nobody says anything. Black out. Come to and I'm in his room laying on his bed which is on the right side of the room by the wall. We're making out at this point and I'm drifting in and out of consciousness. I just want to sleep. He pulls out a condom and takes off his pants. I t's like at this point I'm having an out of body experience and I'm watching this happen to somebody that's not me. I'm too out of it to do anything so I just let it happen. Black out. Come to and he's asking me if I want him to walk me back to my dorm or if I can do it on my own. I tell him I'm fine, pull my skirt down and leave. I get to my dorm and can't find my id to get in. I call a friend and ask her to let me in. It's pretty late at this point. As I'm waiting to be let in some people cat call at  me. I cuss them out incoherently and my friend has to pull me away from yelling at the rude onlookers. My roommate makes fun of me the next day asking how my night was, I joke with her. I know I did some stupid stuff at the house party and I try to play off the sex that I had. But it's not the usual joking banter, not for me. Something about talking about it made me feel dirty. That guy, I would have hooked up with him on a sober day. He was tall, handsome, athletic and witty. He was a nice guy, but that night I wasn't looking for that. I wanted to go home. I wanted to sleep. I wanted pizza. I wanted advil. I wanted basically everything besides sex with that guy that night. My friends just laughed and thought I was just embarrassed that I was so drunk. I mean, I was embarrassed that I was so drunk, but I was also ugh. I wanted him to stop. I wanted him to know that I wanted him to stop and I'm forever angry at myself that I was too incoherent to communicate that I wanted him to stop. It's a shitty feeling. It's horrible and I'm getting red in the face just typing this and reliving this feeling. I've been trying to push the second time it happened out of my memory for the past 2 years. After it happened I went about 5 months without having sex. Then I went a full year. It's been extremely hard for me to open myself up to people, sexually, since then. The second time happened at a frat party with an alum. Now, I'm in a sorority so I have mad love for Greek life as a whole, but sometimes there are just too many bad guys in one place. I had just gotten a new package from F21 and I was excited to go out and have fun with my friends before our big game that next weekend. It was a Saturday and my teammates and I went to one of the lesser known fraternity parties at our school. Since no one ever really partied there they were always stocked with alcohol and were down to let us girls play the DJ. It was alum weekend at our school and a bunch of the more recent grads had come to visit. I was a sophomore at this point so I was down to meet some cool alumns who were even more down to meet us. The night was going well, I drifted off to hang with some of my roommates friend group and we were having a great time. The boys were feeding us shots and we had pre gamed pretty heavily before we got there. I started taking a shot from the largest bottle of Bacardi that I had ever seen. The last thing I remember was talking to one of the frats recent alumns who was about 21-23 years old. He was tall, brown hair, athletic build (he was not the same guy from the first time). We were talking on the balcony for awhile and then black out. Come to and I'm being screamed at by a dude who I had considered to be one of my friends at the time. He's yelling at me and someone behind me to get up and he's pissed that we're in his bed. I'm completely out of it and all I can slur is "Where am I? Someone please tell me where I am? How did I get here?" I ask those questions over and over and the room is fucking spinning and my "friend" won't answer the question. He just stares at me with disgust.I realize that I'm not wearing underwear and that my bra is off but my shirt is still on. I ask the "friend" to please leave the room so I can change and he just stares at me for a few more disgusting seconds and then he leaves. I search the room and find my clothes buried in the covers, the guy who was laying next to me long gone. I get up and get dressed and go to the bathroom. Everything hurts. I call my roommates friends who I had been hanging out with for most of the night to come pick me up. Luckily they're all still awake; it's about 3:30 am at this point. They pick me up and bring me back to our dorms. I hang out with my RA and some friends in the hallway for about 15 minutes and they find my level of drunkness funny and they give me some food. I grab one of my friends to come cuddle and we fall asleep watching Netflix. I wake up in the morning and I'm alone. I start crying b/c I get that feeling, just like before. The angry red hot feeling like I was betrayed. But can you really be betrayed by someone you don't even know? A few hours later my RA asks to talk to me for a few. I get nervous b/c I think she's going to write me up for being drunk the night before. Instead she shows me a picture. It's a picture of me from the night before. I'm unconscious and laying in that guys bed. My bra is off and my boobs had been pushed out of my shirt. My pants are down and my underwear is still on. I have never been more mortified. I try to comprehend why someone would do this to me. What could even possess someone to expose me like that. The photo had been passed around a group chat that the frat and their alumn had on FB. My RA's bf was in that frat so that's how she got the picture and she made it her mission to tell me. The boys in the chat talked about how my body looked, they just tore me to pieces and talked about the unintelligible sexual noises I made that night while blacked out and such. I am a decently confident person but this killed every ounce of self esteem I had. I couldn't face these boys in class knowing the shit they'd seen, heard and said. I wanted to die. My RA bought me plan B and was there for me. She gave me the confidence to go to our school counselor and tell them what happened. The counselor made a big fuss to my face about how she'll make sure everything is taken care of and that this won't happen again. Then she found the boy in charge of posting the picture and asked me if I'd be willing to keep this case on a strictly DL level b/c if I took it to court he would be kicked out of school and it would ruin his future. I couldn't believe what I was being asked to do. The guy "Sam" who posted the picture of me that was taken by the guy who raped me was asking me not to ruin his life. That picture could have ruined my life. It still could. I don't know who still has that picture and who doesn't. I did what the counselor told me and he just got suspended or some shit for the last few weeks of school. The fraternity had to take down their group chat and lost some sponsership money from their alums, and I still have no idea who raped me. All I had was a number that texted me the morning after the incident saying "Hey, I had fun last night ;) Nice meeting you, I'll see you around." I deleted the text immediately b/c how fucking dare you. Honestly, writing this all down definitely made me feel like a small weight has been lifted off my shoulders. I just wish I was able to actually talk about this to someone. I just don't want my friends to judge me and I don't want my parents to fear for me everytime I walk out the door. My mom sends me articles and calls me about rape cases at big schools (I transferred the next year) and I always tell her that she has nothing to worry about. I'm smart, I know how to call for help, my friends are there for me & that society is better than she thinks. I say those things for her sake. It would kill her to know that her only daughter was already a victim.
I have been raped twice in my life. I have never really talked about either one because when I tried to talk to my "friends" at the time, I got called the usual "slut" and "whore". I was 14 when I was first raped. I was just a freshmen in high school and I had been dating a guy who was 2 years older than me. It was an on/off sorta of relationship but it was my first high school boyfriend. Before "it" happened, about a week before I had tried to break up with this guy, he started making me feel really uncomfortable. He was talking about us getting married, having kids, talked about forever. And me being 14... I just couldn't handle it anymore. So he ended up calling me after seeing a sad myspace status posted by me, I told him I didn't want to be with him anymore and he hung up on me.He started messaging me on myspace, talking about killing himself and not being able to live without me. I was only 14 and had never been through or even talked with about these kind of things... He messaged me and told me he took a bunch of pills. I was freaking out, I called him and he ignored all of my calls. He kept spamming my myspace with messages that didn't make sense for about 20 minutes before he picked up the phone. He was slurring his words, I could hear a pill bottle in his hands, and I wanted to faint. He begged me to stay, and with the state he was in I just couldn't say no.. So I stayed... Fast forward a week after all of this, we were hanging out after school. We just walked around the neighborhood, talking, when he asked if we could go to his smoking spot. He was only 16 and therefore couldn't smoke his cigs in public. His smoking spot was in an ally way, behind a pizza place and a dry cleaners. It was the beginning of January, so the ally way was covered in snow and ice. After he finished smoking, he looked at me and asked if I was cold. I told him I was and he opened his arms to hug me. He started making comments about my virginity, thrusting into me while he held me in his arms. I asked him to stop and he didn't listen. The next thing I knew his hand was in my pants, I told him it was way to cold outside to which he replied with "You're body will warm up." As he walked me deeper into the ally way he was ripping off my pants with one hand as his other hand got himself ready. I was scared, worried that someone would come outside and see, I told him I was scared and he just ignored me. He held me on top of him, tightly grabbed my sides to the point where I thought my bones were going to break.Afterwards, he left me in that ally. He said he had to rush home before his grandma noticed how late it was and then he told me he loved me. I walked home, in the dark, alone and in the freezing cold trying to understand what had just happened. To me, if you really loved someone would you respect their wishes which he did not do. So could he say he loved me? Not to mention how he left me alone afterwards. And the next day? He ignored me. Until we had got home from school and he dumped me via myspace. When I reached out to one of my friends, he found out and had 2 of his friend threaten to jump me if I kept lying about how he raped me. He told me he would wait for me to get out of school and not allow me on the school bus until I cut his throat open. One night when he was spamming me, I told him to leave me alone and that I hated him. His reply was "How does it feel that you lost your virginity to someone you hate?" He told everyone he knew how he had finally got my virginity. All of his friends would harass me at school, following me in the hallway, if I was talking to my friends his friends would appear and tell my friends how slutty I am, how I'm a huge liar because I was way to loose to be a virgin. Oh, and the pills? He never took them. He just pretended to be overdosing so that I would stay with him long enough for him to do what he did...I have never really talked about this, especially in such detail because I had forced myself into this train of thought like "Yeah it happened, but I was going to lose my virginity anyways so I might as well just get over it." I did, however, try to tell my mom... but she told me I was being a drama queen. 
Original Post: https://www.reddit.com/r/FeministsWithHumor/comments/514986/stranger_rape_why_im_glad_i_dont_know_my_rapist/I am feeling very Lucky to be alive.I am also feeling Lucky that I didn't know my Rapist before-hand. After reading recent news about Rape trials, I am scared that people would not believe me or even SIDE with the Rapist if I had known him or if I had been seen flirting with him prior to the Rape, etc.More scared that he won't get an appropriate Sentence, than anything else. There isn't a question that the Rape indeed happened, due to the Evidence.Anyone that has been through the Trial stuff, I would appreciate hearing your experience. Thank you!
I had completely forgotten about this incident, but I was reading my old diaries from this time period, and I came across this entry and was suddenly overwhelmed with this awful, nauseating hollow feeling in my chest, and pretty much somewhat relived the entire experience again. I am so shocked that I had forgotten about all this, had I not read my diaries, I never would've remembered.When I was 16, I was visiting my grandparents in this tiny village overseas for a month. At that time, I met this guy, D, who was my age, and we hooked up a couple times (I lost my virginity to him). D had a friend, A, who was 20 or 21, and was pretty much always drunk. About a week before I went home, I noticed A following me around a lot. I'd go to the park, there he'd be. I'd go for a walk, he'd be far behind me. The next day, he approached me, reaking of alcohol and asks me if I wanna hang out with him. I noticed he was kind of.. gross and sleazy, so I said no. From here on, whenever I saw him, I'd get quite uncomfortable. That same day, D approached me and told me to stay away from A, that I was "his". Which was kind of creepy in retrospect too, as we'd known each other for 3 weeks, but I thought it was sweet back then.The next day, I was hanging out with D's 13 y/o sister at the park. It's late and A was there, and he approached us, completely wasted. He asked me if I want to go somewhere. I said no. He put his arm around me and I slithered away. "Come alone with me, beautiful." he whispered, looking me up and down. I said no, and looked at D's sister. A grabbed my arm, I jumped back and he released me. D's sister grabbed my hand and quickly pulled me away, and I went home.I remember doubting myself, thinking that I'm a slut and may as well have sex with A, if I'm having sex with D.The next day is when it almost happened. I was going for a late night walk with D's sister, and A pretty much just stepped out of a bush. "Go home, D's sister." he said. I looked at her and nodded, she's only 13, she shouldn't have to deal with this. She ran off. "Do you want to have sex?" A asked. "No," I said, my heart thumping. I remember backing up a couple of steps. He laughed and tossed a beer bottle beside me. "Don't be afraid of me."Then he comes closer and tightly grabs my arm. "Let's talk now.", he cooed. Shit, I thought. "Please let me go" I said. He didn't, he grabbed my breast with one hand and pushed me over to a tree with the other. "Stop, stop, no, stop, SERIOUSLY STOP". He put his hand on my mouth and that's when I just...... went limp. Completely surrendered. Detatched. I don't know what happened. I let him. Why did I let him?He pulled down my pants and began to unzip his..... and all I hear is D screaming A's name and a bunch of D's friends and his sister are running towards us and his friends beat up A, his face was so bloody and they kicked him over and over. D turned to me and screamed, "WHY DID YOU GO WITH HIM?????" And I cried and ran away, channelling all of my anger and hurt into the fact that D yelled at me. How could he yell at me? I completely forgot about this incident and simply remembered this vacation as when I lost my virginity to an asshole who yelled at me once for no reason.I am so disgusted at myself for not being disgusted in the past, I'm so angry at A, I wish I could hurt him if he lived in my country and just do a whole bunch of things I shall not name. On the contrary, I feel like I shouldn't be feeling this way and that dismissing it in the past was the right thing to do because it wasn't a big deal since he didn't ACTUALLY rape me. I wish I had never remembered this. Why did I submit to him at the end? Why didn't I kick him, be more forceful? I remember I was too embarassed to tell anyone, my parents wouldve thought I'm a whore. I'm just looking for advice, validation, criticism, anything. I don't know how to feel about this. I'm seeking professional help for other issues, so yes I'll be talking to a therapist soon, I just don't know if this is a valid issue.
My girlfriend called me today to tell me that the guy who raped her, almost a year ago, texted her asking her to hang out today. He acted as if he did nothing fucking wrong or nothing happened. He also knows where she lives. She was raped twice, one where she was drugged and doesn't remember anything. But when this guy raped her, she was completely sober and remembers everything. He took her virginity raping her. She was 15 at the time, and he was 18. She's now 16, and I am turning 16 in a month. She told me she forgot about it, ignored this guy, and was happy for a bit. But when he texted her this morning, she remembered everything that happened. I'm the only one she's ever told.I'm really not sure what to feel right now. I'm mostly feeling disgusted and angry. I'm not angry at my girlfriend, I'm angry at the person who did this to her. I really want to hurt the guy who raped her and took her virginity when she was only 15. I'm disgusted that he would even do this. Now I'm afraid to have sex with her because I'm scared she'll remember things that happened and such. I know it's selfish of me, but I also already had problems having sex with her because I imagined people she's previously had sex with and it disgusted me. Knowing that she's also been raped by some guy and took her virginity disgusts me even more. I don't want to leave my girlfriend, I want to be here for her. I'm really not sure how I can be here for her though. I told her I'm always here for her and she said, "I don't need you to be here for me." I really want to support her but I also want to hurt the guy who could do this to her.On top of this, both of her parents used to be abusive. She moved out of her mom's and and has a good relationship with her as she isn't abusive anymore, as far as I know. My girlfriend now lives with her dad, who is still abusive, but they go to therapy together because he has anger issues. There's no way she could tell him. He's an overly protective dad too, he would literally kill me if he found out we were having sex or if she's had sex before.Sorry if I'm not supposed to post here, I just really need some advice.**tl;dr** GF was raped over a year ago and the guy who did it texted her today asking to hang out, asking as if nothing ever happened. Girlfriend then remembered the tragic experience and called me. I want to support her and help her cope through this but I'm not sure what to do.
Hello all. This is a bit of a rant, bit of a confession, bit of an advice question.  I will start with my story. I was sexually assaulted when I was 5-6 by a man that worked at my school. He would take me into a storage room. That was my first sexual experience. I've blocked a lot of it out, but I remember enough. The event itself makes me angry, but what really has me mad is what he took from me: my first consensual night. I waited for a lot longer than most girls to have sex. Waited until I was sure I wanted to marry the guy. So when I did it, I wanted it to be special. But when it happened, I was left angry. As a young girl I was always told that losing your virginity hurt a bit, but it was special. Mine first consensual time didn't feel that way. It was already taken from me. No sweet pain from it, no difficulty, no connection feeling with him. It didn't hurt, and I just went back to going somewhere else during it like I used to. He didn't get it, I never told him I wasn't a virgin. He got mad. We broke up. That perfect first time was taken from me. I'm so angry and hurt I don't know what to do. I feel robbed and broken. Does anyone else out there feel like I do? 
I went on a date with "A" last night. Prior to meeting, we agreed we wouldn't have sex. We talked about BDSM and kink and although he is more inexperienced, he is interested in it.We met at his house, to talk and get to know each other. One thing led to another and I gave him a quick blowjob. He wanted to have sex, but I declined and again told him I didn't want to (I wanted both of us to be tested). He respected my wishes. We went to a restaurant, had dinner, and I guess he was more comfortable with me after a little bit of talking. We went back to his place, and he wanted another blowjob before I left. I said no. He went to the bathroom, and I was calling an Uber. My back was facing the bathroom, and he approached me from behind and starting groping me. I told him things like, "okay that's enough" and "stop" and "no" but he continued. He was about to enter me without a condom, so I begged him to use one. He did, but the whole time I was saying "no" and "stop". He finished and I left immediately. When I got home, I was bleeding (my period ended a week ago). I am still bleeding right now. My vagina hurts, and I have a bruise and some light cuts. This is where I am confused... on the ride home, he texted me and was having a small breakdown because he was going through some issues with his friend - so I consoled him. Why would I feel sympathetic and want to console my "rapist"?I then talked to our mutual friend about it ("B")... and he thinks I gave consent by asking for him to use the condom. That's what A thought too. B made me to talk to A about consent and communication, otherwise he'd confront A himself. I feel very confused right now. Was it just miscommunication? Am I overreacting? Did he maybe want to impress me since he knows I like BDSM? I've been crying all day and feeling very worn out, especially after being forced to talk to A again. 
If only it were possible to know how it can be different. It was some particular ways before. The sense of my body betraying me. I knew mine, my lover screaming at me.It wasn't bad enough either.I sincerely wish it were bad enough, that I remembered more, that I knew more thoroughly what it was like when it wasn't someone who I'd later tell "I love you."I wish I could weep, I can't.Edit: PS, I won't do anything to make it happen. It still floors me.
I began, a few months ago, dating a woman who was violently raped by a "date" about 3 years ago. Things have gone very, very well with her, but I still have to keep this bit of her past in mind. We have become very intimate emotionally and physically, have discussed marriage (not a crazy idea, given that we're 34M and 28F and both want kids), and see each other most days.When we first got together, she said that, although she liked me and had no rational reason to worry, that she felt a little scared when we were close because I am so much larger (I'm about 50% heavier and very muscular). I did ask her, after not talking about it for a awhile, whether she still felt this way. She said that she felt very safe around me, but still felt weird around other guys when I'm not around and also still felt it difficult to totally open up, emotionally or physically.The question I have now is about triggers. When she was raped, this asshole (whose identity she won't reveal because I'd probably beat him close to death) choked her and since that time, she hasn't been able to let anyone touch her neck. A few weeks ago, she asked me to start touching it when we have sex. I do (but am careful never to use both hands or to squeeze in any way -- she has not had any problems, so that's good). She has had to stop sex a few times, however, when we get into positions that are too deep. It's really sudden. She is making pleasurable noises and then "get out of me!", which I do. She hasn't explicitly said why, but I imagine it's because of her experience. She said that eventually, she wants to be able to be totally open and without fear-based boundaries together, but I'm not sure how to ease into things without upsetting her. She's said that she wants me to be able to penetrate her all the way (so far, we're up to about 3/4s before she feels bad), any tips on how to work up to this?
I was sexually assaulted everyday for a few years by the people who I go to school with. It ranged from grinding against me and dry humping me and groping me, to what the FBI classifies as rape. It's affected me in horrible ways (I stopped speaking and eating, I started self harming, I shut everybody out, I became suicidal, I have mental breakdowns where I can't stop sobbing, etc.) I was just wondering about the effects sexual assault has had on others.
Hi,I am still trying to figure out what exactly happened to me. I went to the rape treatment center today and spoke with a counselor and they agreed I was assaulted but I still keep trying to wrap my head around it and just can't seem to be able to. I was having sex with a guy I met off of a dating app, we had gone out once before and he was fine. This time however, he had been drinking and I guess the monster in him came out. What began as consensual turned into the most painful and frightening experience of my life. *possible trigger ahead*basically we were having consensual sex, and he was already being alittle too dominate for my liking, when all of the sudden he switched fromVaginal sex to anal sex, without my consent or even any kind of warning, so of course, out of pain I screamed and said take it out! He sighed out of annoyance and said "do you have lube"I was on all foursBut hunched down and , curled up, with my face down in a pillow, and said "no"He then proceeded to put his hand on my mouth and commanded me "spit in my hand" I shook my head and whimpered out of pain, and the horror of not wanting to have anal sex and said "no" Again, he demanded "spit into my hand" and again, I shook my head, and replied "no" with more of a "please, no, I don't want to do this" tone in my voice. This went back and forth several times, him commanding me to spit into his hand so he could put it back in my bottom, and me saying NO. He's hand was around my neck several times and with my face in the pillow and him being much bigger and stronger than me, I began to fear what else he was capable of doing to me. I was afraid he would strangle me. I thought he was a nice guy but I was wrong, who knows what else he was capable of. He continued to command me to spit into his hand, and my mouth was bone dry out of terror. He stuck his hand into my mouth, gathered whatever spit there was in there (which wasn't much at all) and proceeded to sodomize me while I froze, paralyzed with fear and pretending I was just somewhere else. Even though I kept saying no, he wouldn't listen, and finally had his way with me. I didn't want to fight because I didn't want him to strangle me. I just wanted him to finish and leave, I wanted to fly home and run into my parents arms, wanted my dad to come across the states and kick his ass. I was in pain and couldn't quite understand what was happening. After, he switched and he finished inside my vagina. And he had taken off the condom he was wearing earlier. I wasHorrified. He then mentioned "you look angry" (wondering if he had a bit of a moment of consciousness? I'm jot sure) but I was silent. He then tried to tell me about how sometimes he is so sad with his life and thinks nobody would miss Him if he died... (What?!?!) and he then passed out next to me, and I froze and barely slept. He left the next morning acting like everything was just fine. I was wondering if he'd apologize, mention what happened the night before but nothing. Just acted like everything was ok. Like what happened was totally normal. I ended up calling my parents. I told them everything. Went to the rape treatment center and told them my story, got treated, antibiotic shots etc and they were very nice to me. They wanted to know if I wanted to press charges. Here's where I get so confused. I keep trying to think maybe it was just a one timeThing. He seemed so nice. He was really drunk. I keep making up excuses for his behavior instead of realizing I deserve to be upset and feel violated. I guess I just want this to all go away, want to forget it happened and file it away in some hidden, deep dark filing cabinet in my brain, never to be thought of again. Is it wrong I didn't give his name to police? I thought "well maybe I didn't say NO the right way? Maybe this was my fault? Maybe I'm overreacting"The people at the treatment center definitely said what happened wasHorrible and I have every right to be there being seen by a doctor but I still felt like maybe I'm just being a baby or something. I don't know. I just need advice. I feel like a robot right now, like I'm completely numb. I guess it's probably a defense mechanism. I just got out of almost a year of rehab for treatment for depression and I think because I was finally doing so well and no longer suicidal, I just want to pretend this didn't happen. Any words of support, of advice, or even validation that this was an assault would be helpful. Thanks so much. 
As the title states my sister recently informed me that she was sexually assaulted while in a 3rd world country.  She said he was scared off before doing anything more than tackling her, and that she's hiding it from our parents for their sake.  She has refused medication and institutionalization for depression in the past, and I'm terrified about how this might be effecting her. I never noticed she was self harming when we were kids, and if I can't tell that when sharing a house how could I know how she's doing on another continent. Advice please?
This all happened when I was around 11-12. I'm 17 now. Im going to be very explicit and this is my first time posting in this subreddit. Also, only 2 of my close friends know about this. I started crying when I told them both about it and finally realised it wasn't right,what happened to me, at that time. I'm bisexual and have known this since I was 10 and realised I have feelings towards men too. I'll also try not to give out too much info as it could lead to trouble that I do not want.There was a worker at my dads place who used to look at me, idk how to put it, strangely. And tbh I liked it and wanted him to fuck me. I was a horny teenager,   I found out masturbating by myself while playing with my dick when I was home alone. So back to this guy, he used to dry hump me and finger me when we were alone in the office or in the restroom and quite frankly? I enjoyed it. Idk how it led up to the point where I used to give him handjobs and he used to cum in between my butt. He was a fucking pedophile now that I think of it. So one day there was no one at work, only him and another guy. My dad has about 7-8 employees and as I said I will not be giving out too much info so I won't really go into this detail. He asked me to go with him to this place behind my dads work place. There was a shack and a chicken coop, the chicken coop was big. He took me inside this coop and started humping me. I feared that someone might see us and told him but he kept going. He put on porn on his mobile and let me watch while he unbutton my jeans. At this point one of my hand was rubbing his dick and the other hand held the phone while the porn played on. The hand that I was rubbing his dick with was frequently going behind him and rubbing his butt too. Dont ask my why I just loved doing that.I was also very 'religious' and wasn't watching the porn as I thought it was against my religion lol I even used to 'pray' to God to give me a sex partner so this all was all dream come true. How I thought watching porn was wrong but doing it was not against my religion at that time still baffles my mind. Idk why 11-12 me was so confused, sad and sexually frustrated. Maybe because my dad used to physically/emotionally abuse me? I'm sorry I have a lot to talk about and get distracted. So he unbuttoned my jeans and after fingering me, put his dick between my butt and was  humping me. At one point he took my hand off which was on his cock and held it tightly so I dont stop him and tried to penetrate me. I wanted it bad but I knew it will hurt  because once he tried to penetrate me without lube or anything and it hurt likr a bitch. To the point I had tears rolling down my cheeks and he did apologize(maybe he was scared that I would tell my dad) Anyways, I clenched my butt cheeks so that he wont be able to penetrate but he kept trying. I asked him not to and he just cummed in between my butt and we both buttoned up and left. My house wasn't very far so I walked home. During this walk I had a feeling of disgust as the cum dripped between my legs, excitement and happiness due to the fact my wish  finally came true and I 'officially' had a 'sex partner' and would continue going to this coop.I came back home, washed myself and laid on my bed. It was around 7-8 pm,  my sister and mother asked me if anything was wrong, maybe because I always slept at 12-1 am? I said no and went to sleep. This continued for a while until he left the job and started his own business.I never felt really weird about it, I knew exactly what was happening but when I told my friends (i told them recently like 2-3 months ago) I made it seem as if it was forced but while telling them I really felt dirty, used and cheap. I couldn't comprehend the fact that 11-12 yo me would want dick and started crying. Also the fact that this grown ass man would do this to me disgusted me. I realise its wrong but then again I was aware of what was happening? Is it rape?  Like I can not imagine one of my younger siblings doing this type of stuff. Now I usually give snd receive handjobs/blowjobs to this other worker who came to work here while the man who raped me was working too. The 'relationship' with this man started around when I was around 13-14 and we usually do it in the store room. Im turning 18 in 4 months btw. So yeah that was it. 'Raped' in a chicken coop. How pathetic :/tl;dr -  story about my 'rape when I was around 11-12 years old and some more info and how I was aware of what was happening but kinda loved it? And feel disgusted now.
I had a lot of issues that were depressing me and making me very hostile, it was about a sexual assault i kept in for 11 years. My girlfriend (im a girl too) broke up with me because i was mean to her, drank after i said i wouldnt, and packed her stuff and said she needed to come get it because i thought she was ignoring me. Her papaw was in the hospital. She didnt text me all day and i got irrational and emotional. She lived with me a month.She broke up with me. I started no contact after about 40 texts of explaining why i was so harsh and my sexual assault. She is the first i ever told, i was so emotional. No response. I want to wait a week of no contact. Here is my apology letter. I also got both of our senior pictures, a couple pressed flowers, and my necklace that i never take off that is a lion thats tands for courage. Ill put it in her coffee mug that she left, in a tote bag with flowers on it that i know shed love. I truly do mean it and truly love her."Name"You make me the happiest and most loved that I have ever felt, and I took it for granted. What i did was wrong and no words can ever make up for it or show how sorry I am. I did what I said I wouldn't. I pushed you away. I handled my emotions so wrong so many times and at the worst times. I know you need time and space from me, but I will show you that I'm becoming a better person because of you and for us. You opened up my heart and it belongs to you. You are so sweet and kindhearted, and your smile brightens up my whole world. I want so badly to show my care and love for you and prove that I will be what you deserve. I just want you to be happy and feel loved. I love you "name". I'll always want to be your love too.Love,"Name"
It happen during new years eve three years ago. All my family was here and a couple that we used to see sometimes was invited by my parents. I was 16 at that time pretty shy and the couple was nice although that the guy was really creeping me out.He had a lot of wrinkles and a lot of his teeth were missing.During the dinner everything was going great but I could feel staring at him.After that we started dancing and singing in the house. I was having fun but the more I was enjoying the moment and the more I could see him getting closer to me so I decided to sat down.But it's what happen after that shocked me. We started to watch a movie on the couch but there was not enough place so I lied down on the edge of the couch behind the others. But him. He was standing behind me. And he started to press his thing on my butt. I thought he didn't do this on purpose so I smoothly moved forward. But then again he pressed It against me. I was scared and couldn't do anything. And then he went to the toilet and I was wondering what for. If really needed to pee or...if he got excited because of this. I'll never know and I don't want to.In the end they all left and I had to shake his hand even if it was really disgusting me. I never told anyone about this.And sorry if my english was bad.
I am going to tell you my story as honestly as I can, so please give me your honesty and graciousness, no shaming or hate. I am a recovering addict. A little over a year ago- in April of 2015 to be exact- I was on a pretty big booze and pill bender. In that time, I was asked on a date by an older man. I was 21 at the time and thought he was maybe 35 or so, but later found out he was 42, almost 43. We spent the night bar hopping- he paid of course- and I don't know why, but I had sex with him once. It was disgusting and horrible, but I did it. At the end of the night, he was driving me back to my dorm. It was pitch black and close to 1:00 am. I had been drinking all night but wasn't drunk. He was an Uber driver, so he knew the city streets and such. One moment we were on the interstate, and the next I feel him driving over gravel. He reaches over and pulls the lever on my seat, sending the seat back so I was laying flat. He then begins to lick his hand and rub his penis, then park the car and get on top of me. I didn't say no, and I didn't say stop but I felt trapped- he had trapped me in his car and I couldn't move or get out. He performed oral on me and then penetrated me. The incident lasted over 30 minutes, and was honestly one of the worse things that happened to me .I can't forgive myself for going along with it so he would finish faster and let me go. Was I raped? Was this my fault? 
I am a 19 year old girl. I found out a week ago that my uncle had tried to molest me 2 years ago. After I came to know the truth, I was devastated and felt really depressed. I thought that if I sleep I will atleast for sometime forget that horrible thing...but now everytime I sleep I get dreams of my uncle coming to me and I'm on a bed and I scream everytime and wake up and disturb my sister's sleep who sleeps beside me. I don't know what's happening? How am I getting dreams related to him everyday? Will it ever stop? Is it normal or I'm sick? 
I tried using RAINN but the wait is so long sometimes... I just want to talk to a real normal person... I feel like i cant talk to my family or friends, i KNOW for a fact they wouldnt understand all my feelings and thoughts.
My original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/rapecounseling/comments/4zhhjz/i_was_raped_by_my_toxic_best_friend_18f/So, since I was raped I HAVE made my school aware of what happened and that I choose for nothing to be done about it (as in I am not pressing charges). Now I have this conundrum-- "John" sneaks out quite often with a good friend of mine, "Kate". Now I don't know how I could tell her this without John knowing that I said anything to her. I mean I could swear her to secrecy but I never know who is listening to us speak at school or if it accidentally slips from her mouth. I assume nothing of John. I'm not going to assume that he won't hurt me. I am done making assumptions about him. PLEASE I need your help, how do I talk to her? Should I even talk to her? How do you explain to someone who is friends with your rapist that they raped you, and that it could be her next? Please help me. My head is spinning. I don't want anyone to get hurt.
I (18F) was in a long-term (2 years) relationship with my rapist. As I've only really become aware and come to terms with that fact somewhat recently, there are still some blurry lines as far as which of my experiences with him were rape as opposed to "normal" sexual encounters.Anyway, because of this, I've been wondering where the lines are drawn and have been thinking back to the first time I "went all the way" with him.I was 16, he was 19. We were maybe 4 or 5 weeks into our relationship, and had been slowly working our way up to actual sex. The night it happened, I had still been extremely scared/worried/anxious about it. I told him that I was still scared and wasn't sure if I wanted to do it. He said that it would be fine, that he would be careful, that he knew what he was doing, and I didn't have to worry. I said okay, and went quiet again. I just listened and moved to what he said/told me to do. He had experience, but this was my first time. He put on a condom (the first, last, and only time he did that). He moved me to where he wanted me, and got started. When I didn't/couldn't do what he wanted me to, he had me change position (where I had my back in the corner partially against the back of my futon bed, partially against my dresser, the arm of the futon digging under my ribs) and he climbed on top of me. I remember being so nervous I could barely talk, but I told him it sort of hurt. He told me that it always hurt the first time and that it wasn't really anything to worry about, that it was normal. He eventually finished and got off. We didn't talk about it again until the next day, when he asked me over text how I felt about it. I told him the truth; that I had been scared and nervous and that it had hurt. He simply reassured me that everything was fine and said that he knew it would hurt. It's been nearly three years and I'm still not sure how I do or should feel about it. Was this rape? Or just an awkward first time? Is this normal? How should I feel about it?
I am trying to feel like I am worth the time to not be raped when I already have been raped.  Nothing to dissuade the rapist from rapping happened. I went to the police but I never got a rape kit done and it took a long time. There isn't enough evidence. I sat at home inside and didn't leave for a week.  He talked to the police and was let go. A peace bond was signed. I avoid the pool because I am uncomfortable. I ran into someone who attacked me and then stopped swimming. I have completely moved but I still avoid being outside most of the time. I avoid male oriented things that I want to be interested in because I am afraid of being raped (I read about them avidly but I don't participate in groups). I just don't really have a life. I pretend like everything is fine but I hate stuff. I would never go to a bar by myself. I would never go to a concert even with friends. I struggle to leave the house sometimes. I feel like I am worth less than men because anyone could at any point in time overpower me.   I feel like life is a series of having to avoid people. To stay away from being noticed at all costs. I wish I had a group where I could practice self defense but also stating that I don't want a relationship, like practice different ways of saying no. Practice reacting someone and feeling like it is safe to do so or at least until I feel unemotional. Practice saying things aren't appropriate. All I want to do is scream how I am not safe, how there's nothing stopping an attack.I wish to the moon and back, that I could practice going from thinking a man was a friend to being defensive from his attack. That way maybe I could have a man as a friend and then relearn to feel safe and not like I'm waiting for a bomb to go off. It is separate from thinking that there is a bad guy out there. I need this ability to switch from friend to attacker in my mind. To get rid of any shock of betrayal with a defensive stance. I need the ability to be able to say this is what I need. I wish I could feel safe in wanting sex. That doesn't seem to exist for me.  All I want to hear form people is that I deserve to not be raped and that they will have my back when friends and family haven't. I remember trying to join a self defense course and literally leaving because a guy wanted to give me his number. I was so afraid and I didn't want to explain why so I just acted like everything is fine. Because if everything is fine, then no one will attack you and you can leave them and then avoid everyone. It seems like I can't make things be explained in a truthful way without breaking down when it comes to rape or sex. So I act like everything is fine and then just leave. I leave conversations, I leave people, I leave things I want to do. I stop leaving my house. I want to leave life.I am silent. I don't want to hear that I am worth being attacked. I still hear it a lot. I hear it when others I am supposed to socialize with explain that they can't get over how woman are accusing Bill Cosby. This was in real life and honestly, it just makes me want to curl up and die. It is that instead of ever talking about how a woman has the right to feel safe, that doesn't occur to them but instead Bill Cosby has to be protected. This is something that fills me with fear. I wish they just would never had said anything. We weren't in a place where sexuality wouldn't usually be discussed. I hear it from the jokes about rape where I just want to run and hurl myself off a bridge. I hear it when my aunt describes being rapped to me but that she is friends with her rapist because even if she divorced them forgiveness is mature. Why should I forgive when there is no safety? I have to forgive when it is still worth it to rape me. It's more mature.   Every day is just me hoping for no rape. I don't want to focus on it but it feels like a problem that I am trying to find a solution for when I can't. I can't admit to myself that I want sex and deserve sex with a person who will respect me. I want to be dead so badly.I feel dumb, not stupid but like I can't speak. I feel like there is no point, like all explaining it does is spread misery to others and it doesn't actually help me learn how to defend myself. I feel so stuck on this. I feel lonely. I feel like I wish I could get a long sword to protect myself. Something that says, don't get too close, you are not allowed but that isn't trigger happy like a gun but it's totally normal for someone to be wary of me instead of the other way around. I want you to be afraid of me.People talk about stuff like a "safe space" and "woman's spaces" make fun of stuff like that, but honestly I find and make my own safe spaces. I do this by making sure I am around a lot of women so that if there is trouble, I can have a likely ally and so that I can know there are more likely to be witnesses. I find workplaces with mostly women, I am looking into a woman's self defence group, I don't work as a restaurant server because of assault. I make sure there is a physical barrier from interacting people. I would never take a male as a room mate. I would not live in a place with a male landlord. All of this to not  be raped. All of this for safety. I hear over and over again from reddit stupid assholes thinking that court is a good way to settle rape, assuming that police are somehow well equipped to deal with someone's sex life and betrayal of trust. It isn't someone shoplifing. It was someone causing me to fear STI's, pregnancy and realize how small I am. How constantly small I am. This idea of justice is fucked. Justice isn't there when you can't prove force. It is he said she said. Hold back her hands, scream at her. How far do I give in before he kills me or I want to kill myself? That is the balance. How far when I want to kill myself.  To avoid this "justice," I literally avoid being alone with men. Always. Unless I'm dating them. Even then it really doesn't make a lot of sense. I mean a boyfriend could rape you. I can't deal with this idea. I am not dating anyone right now.  I have. I don't really talk about this stuff with them. I don't want to know that they could hurt me. That they wouldn't understand.If you expect people to fight back then they should be taught to fight but no one did for me. No one does for most girls. No one did this for me. I was only allowed to do girly sports like gymnastics, never self defense. I was told to not climb trees. I was told to look pretty. I was in a position over and over again, where I was the smallest. I want the freedom to be safe. I do not have it. Fuck you and your justice. I want to be unconscious. 
So I just got the worst news ever. My gf was sexually assaulted in Las Vegas while I'm in a bus halfway around the globe.I don't want to give too many details, as I had to promise her I wouldn't do anything.She was at a party in Las Vegas and had to go back to the room of their friends (people she met in a language school) because she forgot something. The guy who accompanied her had been hitting on her the whole night and snapped when she wanted to leave the room again. He forcefully pressed her against the wall, tried to kiss her and while she started to cry out loud also put his hand up her skirt. He fingered her while she waa screaming (I still can't believe this happened...). After she knows not how long and several tries to free herself he finally stopped and seemed to realize what he was doing. She was obviously crying histerically and right at this time his friends came back and eased the situation a bit. The agressor started to apologize a lot and my gf just got out of there as fast as she could. The question now is, what can she/we do? She is convinced that the police won't be able to help since there is no sperm and no real marks (I am doublechecking this atm, but she is asleep now). We are both not familiar with the US law system and hence would be grateful for inputs. I am aware that coping with this incident is the really hard part, but while there is maybe still a chance to get this fucker I would like to check what can be done by the law.Edit: And of course most importantly: What can I do now to help her best as possible? How should I talk about it? Call it as I see it or could it help to focus on "it's over, you are safe now, and thank god not more happened?
My rape occurred in April I posted about it previously. I was at a party and left alone barely conscious with an old coworker of mine and he raped me. We had a mutual friend that worked with us we'll call him J. J commit suicide in July 3 days after my birthday. He posted a suicide note on Facebook when I went to check on him after a lot of unanswered phone calls I called the cops and started driving over. When I got there he shot himself with his dad's shot gun. I was just outside his room. I never told J what had happened. They were quite close. I had to put distance between us after what happened in April I told him that the guy just made me uncomfortable. I wanted to tell him so bad. Now after J passed I have been with his family a lot they have sort of "adopted" me into their family. I love them all a lot. The only problem is that they also "adopted" my rapist into their family.  I see him there and it is hard. He acts as though nothing happened. Although every time I see him he asks me what my thigh tattoo means (it's the molecular structure of oxytocin) which is the same question he asks me after he had finished raping me. Every time I see him the same question. I hate him I hate that they love him. I hate what he did to me. I feel like I'm falling a part. I would never commit suicide not after hearing J's dad scream like he did when the cops explained to him what has happened. I secretly hope that whenever I'm on the road I'll get in an accident and die. That someone would hit me. I just hate this and needed to get it all out. 
Hello,I have been with my boyfriend for more than 3 years now and we have been living together for a year and a half.My job gets pretty intensive and stressful sometimes. As a result, I suffer from insomnia and take sleeping pills which make me sleep quite deeply.My boyfriend happens to be a sleepwalker. He can hold conversations while sleepwalking, go to the bathroom, go to the kitchen for a drink and whatnot. He also often gets sexually aroused and tries to wake me up to have sex, while still unconscious.Last november, I was taking the sleeping pills everyday and was basically exhausted because of my job.One night, I had a really vivid nightmare in which I got raped by three men. I already had to face sexual assault in the past, so I get these dreams quite often.I ended up waking up to him penetrating me. (He actually took off my PJs while I was sleeping.) I screamed "No" but he wouldn't stop, probably because he was sleepwalking. I finally pushed him as hard as I could to make him stop and he woke up. I don't remember what he said because I was shocked but he fell back asleep almost immediately.The next day, a saturday, was really hard because we had planned to brunch with friends. I put on a dress and he asked me if I did it for him. I said no, not after what he did to me. He did not understand at first and I basically had to tell him that he raped me the night before.He asked me the next day when I would be ready to make love to him again. When I answered that I did not know, he asked if it would take a few weeks or more. That hurt even more somehow.Here we are, in August, and I told him that we cannot live together anymore since I'm afraid to fall asleep everynight, have nightmares and having sex is a source of anxiety.He has agreed to let me get another place. I also told him I was considering to break up with him, since I need to heal and he needs to find a way to make his sexsomnia (that's what it's called apparently) stop, or at least find a way to control it.The thing is I still love him. And he still loves me. I know I really need to breakup, even if it's to go back with him later, because I cannot heal if he's around right now. But I am also afraid of losing him.So, should I leave him or wait and see if our relationship can work if we live apart ?Thank you,(I'd also like to say sorry since english isn't my first language. My BF uses reddit but doesn't speak english, so that's a way for me to be anonymous).
Unfortunately I've had rape, and assault/ attempted assault cases several times, and I don't know why I seem to be a near constant victim. I know it could be worse, but even still none of them were good there's been at least 3 cases of actual assault and two cases of an attempt (one of which I talked about previously on let's not meet.) I've never talked about any of these very much because they were all (mostly) people I knew, trusted even, and it hurts a lot to think about. I just I think it would help if I could vent about the situations that occurred.The first time I was so little I don't remember how old I even was. My own brother was my attacker, and it went on for a month before I realized what happened. My parents essentially covered for him when after my big (unfiltered kid) mouth told the neighbor and h reported it. My parents basically covered for him so I would't get taken away from them. He got in trouble with them, but largely went unpunished.The second time was a few years later the full story is on let's not meet under the title friendly neighbor. Basically a man I used to chat with when I passed his house told me he liked me and wanted me to come to his house one day when o one was watching, luckily I'd learned my lesson about what his intentions were and ran. It wasn't the end of the story, but he never had a chance to actually hurt me.The third time was with a guy I was seeing, we were making out and he wanted to do it, but I said no. We ended up doing a bit of heavy petting but I still told him I didn't want to go all the way. Next thing I know his hands are above my head and something's still going on down there. I was a bit under the influence, and couldn't get home from his house because the buses had stopped coming. I was stuck there in his bed all night, crying my eyes out and hoping he wouldn't hear.The second attempt/ half assault was carried out by a neighbor. I was outside o the phone talking a fried out of suicide and cryig my eyes out. He invited me to talk with him, and gave me a few glasses of wine, and offered me drugs (i declined the offer) to help my nerves. We were on his front porch for hours talking, sharing poems, we seemed to connect. Just when I got to a better place he forced me into a hug and wouldn't let go, I pushed at his chest starting to feel uncomfortable he slammed his lips onto mine. I pushed him off and said no, don't do it again. I couldn't go in my house yet, I'd snuck out my window (which is hard to enter from the outside) and my dad was in the living room. I thought he'd gotten the message because the conversation went back to normal. He was trying to impress me with how much he knew about wine, I told him I knew nothing he showed me his collection, and pinned me against the wall and i tried to push past saying I had t leave it was 3 am he said "you can go, but first I'm going to mess with your mind." He started kissing and biting all over my neck, he was too big for me to push him off. I finally got past him, and never told anyone about it, or the third time for that matter. I didn't think anyone would do anything for me. This happened last summer.The last and most recent time was a good friend of mine. He got me drunk and a bit second hand high and asked to cuddle. I said ok because we always kind of did sometimes and it was always platonic until now. He started touching me, and I was drunk so I kind of didn't mind (at the time) he asked if I wanted to go further and I said OK. The next morning I woke up to him and remembered what happened. I felt so dirty, but didn't think I had a right to be mad at him because he was drunk too and he asked, so how could he know I would have never wanted it if I wasn't near a blackout state. We're still kind of friends, it's never happened again, and he said sorry for it without me eve telling him how I felt about it. Still even after forgiving him it's hard to make eye contact sometimes when I think about it. I remember I told one strager oline (back when I was in a weird phase of fanfic writing) that I was a victim of multiple assaults because I wanted her to understand I wasn't comfortable writing a story about rape. She told me it was because I must be very beautiful and I should feel lucky. It was supposed to be a compliment but it just made me feel worse. I never told anyone again after that.
It's been years since this happened and yet it bothers me more now than ever before.I'm still not 100% on what happened.I was a freshman in college, new to drinking, new to boys, new to parties.I went with a friend to a house party her friend was throwing. There was a cute boy there, older than me. We were taking shots, my friend was elsewhere with her other friends. We left the house for a while and went back because I insisted. I did a couple more shots with the boy.I remember feeling fine until I stood up. We were going to get me more pop for a chaser, I think. The stairs to the basement were in the kitchen. I remember standing at the top of the stairs looking down, with him behind me, and not wanting to go down. He picked me up over his shoulder and carried me downstairs.We were in a bedroom, the TV was on. He asked if I wanted to watch the game. We were lying in the bed, started making out. I remember feeling like I was about to pass out. The room was spinning, I couldn't concentrate. I had to have looked like a fish out of water, limply flopping around, because that's how I felt. I remember him pulling my pants off. I remember trying to keep them up, but I was so weak it wasn't happening. I remember thinking if I sucked his dick, I could end it. I did for a little bit I think, but then it was pants pulling again. I remember being terrified that he was going to have sex with me. I think I remember a condom being opened. It's been years. Then people were knocking on the door. We were in a bedroom we weren't supposed to be in and the people were angry. I remember scrambling for my clothes. I remember the people at the door asking me if I was ashamed of myself. They told me I should be embarrassed. I went upstairs and sat on the front porch and I think I cried. People were talking to me and around me, making jokes. I felt so far away. It didn't feel real. My friends friend got really angry at the guy. Took him outside and freaked out. I think the guy was also very drunk, he was stumbling a lot. Friends friend asked him what the hell he was doing. Friend showed up at some point during this and we walked away. I remember being humiliated. She had to take me away from the house where everyone was calling me a whore. I was a guest and I embarrassed her. I never told her what happened, I don't think. I don't remember the rest of that day. It wasn't rape, but it could have been. It was terrifying. It's been coming up a lot lately. I thought that maybe if I wrote it all out it'd help.Even though I know all the stuff people say to victims, and I'd advise anyone to do the right thing and that it's not their fault, it doesn't sink in for me.I still feel like I'm sitting on the front porch being laughed at and called a whore...
I just had a profoundly deep conversation with someone about rape, it's causes, and remembered out of the blue an incident from my childhood that I feel lends an incredible blow to this "provocative women provoke rape" meme in regards to rape culture.  I was a boy, 14 or 15 years old.  I was on a camping trip with my mothers AA crowd, going with her boyfriend alone since she couldn't go (maybe she was back in rehab...I can't remember).  This guy let me smoke around him even though my mom didn't know, but, seeing me not inhale it, insisted if I was going to smoke his cigarettes I wasn't going to waste them and taught me how to smoke them properly.  Later on that night, the first night, he grabbed me through my sleeping bag and began humping me.  He efforted to grab me and do further, but I fought silently and distanced myself. What else was there to do?  I have no idea why that was all I did but it was.  Eventually I fell asleep, never mentioning it again.  I acted as if nothing happened the rest of the weekend and never spoke of it to anyone, least of all my mom who was a recovering alcoholic and I was afraid to cause her to relapse.  I had to get this out so this will now I guess be my "throw away" for reddit-board confessionals...The point is...at least this scenario proves that rape is the result of inclination, not provocation...and I think that is an important distinction that needs to be made.
So... I'll preface this with that I'm a 28 year old male... and these memories/interactions go back to between when I was 6 and 9 years old, and it was done by my male next-door neighbor who was 3-4 years older than me at the time. Also, I apologize for rambling a bit, trying to make sense of the feelings/what to say isn't easyAlso... this is something I've literally never mentioned to anyone in my life in any way, shape, or form -- and because of this I'm just not sure what to make of it. It really hit me tonight how much I think it effected me. This wasn't something that was constant through the 3 years, but it came and went through the whole time.A big reason I'm confused on this is I know there is a whole realm of child sexual exploration that exists (and is rarely/never talked about) - so figured I'd ask here, although it may not be the right forum.A lot of the memories are kinda vague, but a few of them have never left me at all -- and some of the feelings from then have kinda been burned into me. I also have a really good long-term memory for the most part... so I think I'm being fairly accurate.I have a lot of moments occurred while playing outside in his playset or over at his house during those ages.Bear with me here, but as I remembered it I essentially pretended to be his cat, and I was kinda like his cat-wife. It sounds weird writing it... but it's the only way I can describe it really. Through this time, there was a lot of being naked and him touching my genitalia. He also would tell me to do these things to him like touching and kissing his genitals as well... and I just did. I remember it as kissing... I'm not sure if it was more or not honestly, I kinda have a block there.Thinking back I would almost describe a lot of what was going on as me being submissive to his will for all of this.I know a lot of who I am today sexually has probably stemmed from some of this as well -- I'm hyper sexual to even normal touching/cuddling that I can hardly control (have an insane sex drive that my wife can't really keep up with, but I know my physical expectations aren't reality and try not to force the issue). I also have pretty strong submissive tendencies to go with it. I also have a feeling it caused some of the weird exploration things I went through as a teenager, but that's neither here nor there.I've never tried talking with him about this... I don't know if I can or should bring it up. Thinking about it right now, I have a feeling the only reason these things happened is because he was going through something of his own from someone older than him... and I really don't have any animosity towards him... yet -- although I kinda feel a bit of anger rising. In the same sense though, this was so long ago... I have a hard time remembering exactly what happened, so I don't know if his memories of the events would be the same as mine.Thanks for sticking with me here, hopefully someone can enlighten me if this is in the normal realm of what goes on with kids those ages.
I don't know what to even write. I just need a friend to help me through the shitty nights. I'm at a point where I can't handle it. some stuff are going on right now that are making things bad. really bad and im scared. i dont know how this is gonna go or if im gonna even make it.
I had to make a sock account, I'm sorry. I don't want to use my normal account because my friends know it. I'm sorry if this isn't allowed.There might be some upsetting material in here so please read with discretion. I don't want to hurt or upset anyone.I'm 20 and I hang out with a few older people. They're about 27 up and have always been really nice to me. They were openly accepting of me being bi, and I've known them since I was about 17. As such I trusted them and had no reason not to, as they've always been so nice (I met them through my friend's band when I was selling the band tshirts and we got talking). One of them took me in when I was kicked out of my home at 17, never charged me a single dollar for staying with him and was just the nicest person ever and I still live with him. So I've always thought they were all wonderful.About a week ago we went to a party sans roommate. I admit I got really, really drunk. I'd lost my job after being laid off so I was in a crappy mood, cause I worked so hard for that job. It's no excuse for getting so drunk, I know. Anyway, we eventually left this party and went back to a friend's house who said we could all carry on there. There were a few people I didn't know there, but everyone was drunk and happy. I went to sit with a girl that I didn't know, and she gave me a drink. I have no idea what it was, and I remember throwing up just smelling it, but she just pressed me and hassled me until I drank it and I felt like...obligated to do so cause she was pouting and saying it was rude of me, and that it was a waste of her alcohol and stuff, so I drank it. I remember saying I needed to sleep because I went really woozy, and my friend helped me into his living room and onto the couch and that's all I remember. It's  pretty much blank after that and I assumed I'd passed out. I was texting to one of my friends a few days after the party and he said I had sex with the girl I'd been drinking with. I vaguely remember talking and pushing someone, and someone saying something like I was cute and a bunch of talking. I remember crying and I just figured in the morning that I was maybe being a typical emotional drunk, but that is ALL. I cannot even put faces to the voices or anything. It's a blank. I woke up really groggy and sick to my stomach the next day, which I just figured was from drinking so much, but I felt foggy all day and really disorientated. (I told my roommate this, and he says I sound like I was drugged, but I didn't take anything cause I don't do drugs and I can remember most of the night before drinking back at my friend's house. After that drink I had there with that girl, I'm fuzzy.)I text back that I didn't remember and that I doubted I had sex with that much alcohol in my body, and he replied with the following:"Don't worry. You were fine. I watched and then joined in. ;) You were great. We got vid lol."I just freaked the fuck out. I don't remember this. At ALL. I don't remember having sex, when I woke up, my clothing was still on me, I was still on the couch, I don't remember ANY of it properly, just little bits. I was sent the video through KIK group chat and it's just...I don't remember it. I was mumbling and protesting all the way through the video and at one point started crying when my friend joined in, but I literally just laid there in the end while he made me blow him. He then had sex with me. The girl tried to make me go down on her, when my friend was having sex with me, but she kept saying things like 'He wont do anything, he's just laying here crying like a baby. Aww.'  I don't know who was filming. I just laid there like a rag doll. I went batshit and said in the chat 'So basically you and that girl fucking raped me.' and the responses I got from the group were so awful. They were saying girls can't rape guys, that it wasn't rape cause I knew my friend, that I was into it and I was being stupid. There was a lot of 'lol this is hilarious' replies and I got upset and just stopped replying, but they started texting me saying I was overreacting and that I was just being a baby and stupid over it, that if anyone else got sex like that they'd be 'Happy as the fucking sun dude.'I got really pissed off and said in the group chat that our friend and that girl were sick, and that I didn't want sex and they got really huffy and blocked me from the chat. I told the guy who I live with, and he flipped out (They hadn't included him in the group chat because he 'Gets moody when we tease you.'). I'd showered since then and I think he used a condom cause there was no mess or anything. There was some pain but nothing major. I don't know what to do. They keep sending me texts and private messages on Facebook saying it's not rape, I'm overreacting, that our friend doesn't rape people, that I was drunk but I liked it and was probably crying from how good it was. I watched that video, I was sobbing at one point and pushing at him. I just...I don't know. Am I just overreacting? The more they text, the more I feel like maybe I am. My roommate is furious and got into a fight with them over it, I heard him yelling on the phone that I'm never going out with them again and that the guy is a rapist. He wanted me to go to the cops, but honestly? Like the cops are going to do anything. I can't get the video either cause they blocked me from the group chat. I feel really awful and gross and I keep just crying for no reason. I feel like such a baby because they're all going on about it, saying I'm creating drama and that's the problem with 'young kids', that they thought I was chilled out and not some massive drama queen, that I should be proud of my first threesome. I'm not. I feel used and I don't know what to do. I can't function and I don't want to leave the apartment. My friend has been really lovely. He's basically banned them from the apartment, and he's really pissed. He's respecting that I don't want to go to the cops, and he's severed contact with our friends and made me do the same today. But I just...I don't know. I just feel so wrong and fucked up and hollow. I don't know what to do with myself. I have feelings for my roommate, who is 29 and amazing and I've always had those feelings, and he's so lovely but now I'm just...I can't tell him because I'd look like some huge slut wouldn't I? He'd be freaked by it. But he's so nice to me. I know it's not some rebound thing, cause I've been attracted to him for about a year and now it's just confusing because I feel so disgusting and guilty and awful. I just don't know what to do. I guess I just needed to vent. I'm sorry. I'm just so confused and upset by it. I trusted my friends and then this and now I feel guilty because I'm causing so much trouble. 
I wanted to stay friends with the guy who raped me. But a) that makes me a "bad victim" and b. he really hurt me. But I also hurt him. I yelled when he made me angry. He always bought me lots of stuff, but I never bought him anything, granted I was broke. I was a bad girlfriend when we were together. I feel like that makes us even. I don't know. I wanna stay friends. He was really nice other than that. I don't even know if he knows what he did was wrong. I'm sorry for rambling
I am so upset right now, my life is falling apart. I haven't been having sex with my husband for a while because I have a low libido and just haven't been in the mood. I thought my husband was understanding of that. Last night in bed he was trying to get me to agree to have sex but I wasn't in the mood and kept telling him no. He would stop and wait a few minutes and then try again. I kept taking his hand off me and telling him not tonight. A few minutes later he kept trying over and over, kept grabbing me. Eventually I got so sick of telling him no I just ignored him, but he just put it inside of me. When I realized what was happening I froze up, I couldn't move or say anything. He violated me after he knew I didn't want it. After he finished he rolled over and went to sleep. I left and went into the living room and cried and cried. My husband, the man who I loved, is a rapist. I'm seriously considering calling the police. I don't want our children's father to be taken from them but at the same time he needs consequences for his actions. If he's willing to violate me like that maybe it's too dangerous of an environment for my kids. I am crying right now as I type this because I never thought this would happen to me. Regardless of what happens my life will never be the same. I am trying to be strong but I need advice and encouragement.
This all happened to me just a few years ago, and it all started when I was about 5 or 6. Now for some background, my mom and dad were separated, but my mom had a boyfriend and I lived with them, and I'm a girl. Anyways, for about ten years I was sexually assaulted by two of my moms boyfriends, and never told her. They would keep me home while mom went out and play "games" with me, like keep away with my underwear or explorer. I wasn't allowed go to fireworks, and when I went to bed, they would come in and tell me to take my clothes off and then they would do their thing. Or during a thunderstorm they would come in and "comfort" me, which strangely enough involoved the removal of all clothing articles. I finally worked up the courage to tell my mom, almost ten years after the first boyfriend, and felt terrible because it crushed her. She dropped to her knees and started crying. I now have a boyfriend, but after ten years of sexual assault, I suffer from PTSD and extreme and sometimes violent flashbacks.I hope this never happens again. First time posting for me. 
As the title suggests, and a throwaway for obvious reasons.. This is a long one so buckle up!Basically when I first moved to Australia I moved in with my friend and her housemates, my friend ended up going away for a course and I went on a night out with her 3 housemates. Upon returning to the house, the other girl passed out on the couch and the 2 guys and I ended up doing shots. As a total novice when it comes to drinking and excited about being in a new country with new 'friends' I ended up staying up with the 2 guys. We did shots, played archery in the garden, played cards etc. And then my memory ends with the 2 exceptions of brief snippets of being in a shower with these two guys and one of them holding my throat, and another snippet of having soaking wet hair and being thrown onto a bed and it all going dark. I woke up in the morning and was horrified. I'd never been that drunk, I never thought it would be me to be in that situation. When anyone comes to me for help I'm always the first to say go to the police, don't let rapists get away with it. And yet I froze and let the horror and the humiliation run away with me. The guys singularly came into my room that morning, one bought me coffee and one for a chat which ended up with him saying 'I needed to ask you something but now I've forgotten! And leaving. I moved out 2 days later and haven't spoken or communicated with them at all since. My friend just thinks I found another place to live. Except, I met my current boyfriend 2 months after this and it's just amazing. We've been together 2 years now and I can see us getting married. We're serious, live together, travel together (he recently came back to my country to meet my family in Europe from Australia). It's long term, etc. Should I tell him? If he somehow finds out from somewhere else will he be crushed? Will it help anything? Am I being unfair saying that we tell each other everything and yet I've kept this and it wasn't my fault, so I have no reason to hide it. I just keep thinking about it recently. We watch an episode on TV with a rape story to it and these girls are traumatised and tell people to cope, but I never did. 
I'm not too sure if I should say anything about what had happened to me. I'm a male, I was 21 at the time and it's been a few years now. My story starts with a get together in celebration of my 21st the drinks would be plenty. The party get together was at a friend's house. Everyone I knew. We were are all friends and most of us worked together at the college. I drank a lot that night but lots did too except for the DDs. I was encouraged to drink due to it being my 21st. So what the heck? Why not have fun. My life is particularly hard so I was ok with it. I later ended up leaving with my two best friends and the girl involved. All passengers lived on campus. I lived off campus with my fiance, she did not come because she was not able to. I was supposed to be dropped off first but me and the girl discussed how I wasn't supposed to drink so I should probably sober up on her couch. I was allowed to drink I don't know what the hell this conversation was about. So they dropped me off there. I remember that and I remember stumbling to the bathroom. Peed for an hour then dropped to her bed fully clothed even shoes. She came in and stripped me down. I wasn't resisting I was so tired and so dizzy. Then she took the rest of my clothes off. She must have already stripped or stripped then. I wasn't sure I had my eyes closed literally trying to just sleep. I could barely think straight. I distinctly recall how warm her skin was to mine. Then the feeling of how warm it was in her when she got on top and began. I laid there. I didn't participate. My eyes were even shut. I didn't fight that night. She did what she did for about 10 minutes then got off and slept on me. She drove me back at like 4am to get me home. I was still piss fucking drunk. She was sober enough to drive I guess. The next morning she apologized to me at my work place. She was clearly showing emotion about what had happened. This was not an unsympathetic apology. I brushed it off saying something along the lines of whatever were cool. A couple very important notes here. We used to have sex a year before then for a month but that was it. It was just sex. I should also point out she was raped as a young girl. She was forced to give oral to older men and she only came out to admit it to me because we had a very very close bond before the sex. The man was put in jail and other girls affected were able to come forward. Long story short we don't talk about it and we live in different states now. It's been a few years and I don't know what to think. Am I to blame? Don't sugar coat it. I need to know what I should have done or should do. My fiance still doesn't know. But my friends know what happened to me.
I posted on here a couple of months ago about 4 past incidents that I was struggling to define. Basically, they were all situations in which I did not consent, but did not really fight back because I was either very drunk, confused, panicking or dissociated. In my own mind, I see them as: 'Rape', 'Sexual Assault', 'Not Sure But Something Wasn't Right' and 'Rape'. Defining them for myself has been very helpful in stopping myself obsessing over it. My therapist's (mid 60s, male) take is 'you choose how to define them, and regardless of how you do that, it doesn't change the effects/damage caused' and he agrees the perpetrators' behaviour was morally wrong. So far so good.However... I know that he himself does not classify them as rape/sexual assault because he has said so. This makes me reluctant to tell anybody about my experiences. My boyfriend (32M) has a similar reaction although we don't talk about it that often. I am wondering if there is any point challenging my therapist on his opinions. And either way, whether I should tell my friends. I am starting to feel like perhaps these are just everyday experiences that everyone has and I don't know why I'm still getting so worked up about them, given that they happened years ago. I recently found a support group that focuses just on difficulties with sex after sexual assault. It is really helpful and I strongly identify with every single topic that comes up, but I still feel like a phoney for being there.I realise I'm presenting these statements out of context, but this is the kind of thing my therapist does/says that makes me feel this way:- I said I did not want to identify as a rape victim because it belittles other peoples' experiences; he agreed with me- His suggested labels were 'sexual abuse', 'sexual bullying' or 'coercion' but not assault or rape- He said other people would probably struggle to understand my experiences- He refers to them as being in 'a grey area' or 'ambiguous'- He says he does not know the specifics of sexual assault law but also then says these aren't rape/sexual assault in the legal sense- We talked about finding another outlet for me to discuss these experiences and he said this would need to be something other than a 'rape' support group- He has pointed out that some of the events wouldn't have happened if I had been less naive- I confessed that had orgasms with one of my abusers, to which my therapist replied 'you enjoyed it'- When discussing a friend of mine who had also been raped, he referred to her as having been 'actually' rapedIn many ways we have a good therapeutic relationship, but this stuff bothers me. I realise I am basically just venting here, but should I say something?This was my original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/rape/comments/4pjyrp/naming_what_happened_multiple_incidents_tried_to/
Notes. My GF has DID from her trauma and has various alters, one very active protector, E, is at the heart of this.My GF was raped by her last BF and it cracked her up bad, and she is embarrassed and fears him. Stalking him lowkey, she found out he moved to a town to start a new life some miles away from her college town and she is flipping out. She unblocked him to stalk his wereabouts and is on a constant verge of panic. I have brought up a rape support group or resource center on campus but she feels too embarrassed to air her dirty laundry out, quote on quote.From what I have seen, the ex is over her and is trying to live his life because it has been some time now. He is a douche, but he seems to be the "she has a BF now, I will respect the guy" kind of douche. The abuse really has left a number and I am worried she will put herself in harms way, mainly the E alter if she keeps hunting him. She goes to a big school. 600,000 student big. He wouldn't even be able to find her, but that fear has a stranglehold on her.What can I do to make things easier for her?
So this was several years ago, and it's something I've tried to avoid thinking about.I was living with my boyfriend of 3 years, and our relationship had gotten pretty bad; intense fights, being told I was fat, throwing things at me and I lost interest in having sex with him.After I lost interest in having sex with him he would always beg for sex, complain about getting no sex and would buy me things and then say he expected sex since he bought something nice for me, when I would decline he would get super pissed and make me feel bad.One night after he bought me something expensive and started putting the moves on me I didnt stop him. I was scared and didnt want to deal with the backlash of saying no. I didnt say yes, I didnt say no, and I didnt resist. I literally just layed there and cried while he had sex with me. It happened a few more times before I finally left him. Since then I have not been able to have sex without crying and breaking down.I hate to call it rape since it was not brutal, but Im not sure what to call it. Im finally trying to get some closure so I can move on and try to have a healthy relationship and enjoy sex again.
So, I haven't talked about this with anyone before besides one person because honestly I feel pretty humiliated about it even if it wasn't something bad. It started when I was around 9, but my family had moved and I met this kid ( who I'll just call J and use they pronouns for privacy reasons ) when I was about 8. J was a bit weird but we quickly became friends even though they were a few years older than me. I'm pretty sure nothing happened the first year but things started getting weird the second. It just started with the classic playing house and such and then J wanted to kiss me. I remember being a bit uncomfortable but we did. That was all that happened for a few months, it was just kisses. I don't quite remember how quickly it progressed but it didn't seem like long until there was a lot of.. touching and oral things. It was mainly all one sides with me the one being touched. I don't remember much about how I felt at that time. This lasted for 4 years. The older we got the more unstable and violent J got. I remember they were diagnosed with some sort of mental illness but I can't exactly remember what it was. I feel like at 12 I should have known something was wrong at that point but I guess I was just too used to it all happening. One of the last times it happened I actually though they were going to kill me. I just remember being choked and giving up but J let go before I passed out. After that I guess the fear kinda finally set in and I started trying my best to just stay by myself and not leave the house. It worked to an extent but things still happened a handful more times, not as much though. Then we finally moved again. J still came over to my new house sometimes though and would still touch me for the next two years, but it happened pretty infrequently.I never really thought much about it until this past year. I'm about to turn 18 and I guess now that I'm a bit older I've realized how messed up it really was I dunno. I still haven't told any of my family and I don't plan to as there's really no point. I'm still not sure what it even was because we were young. Can an 11 year old molest someone? I never said no. I don't even know anymore. Thanks to anybody who read all of that, any kind of insight would be nice as it took quite a bit out of me to actually write up. 
This is a story from back when I was in high school, which I graduated from at 17.I had started dating my girlfriend, Cassie and I had decided to start dressing up. I was used to wearing only guy's t-shirts and jeans, but decided to instead go with cuter clothes. Now please note that I am a very modest person, so the clothes I got were all decent cut and didn't show off much, if any cleavage. It just made me feel better about my appearance and defined my 'cute' self as many people said.This guy, and to this day I still don't know his name, started to watch me in my Religious Studies class. He was Native or Mexican I think, smelled gross and had long stringy black hair, dirty glasses and wore the same clothes most of the time. I also heard him in the past making 'cum stain' jokes to the other students.All in all, he was gross before and definitely was a creeper. So when I started dressing up, guess who he started to notice?My girlfriend was already disgusted by this guy, and even said to me once, "If he ever pulls anything with you, I'll cut his balls off."Thank God for her.Having autism, I wasn't popular in my high school. In fact most kids didn't know or didn't care, thinking I was either faking it or just weird.I had been wearing cute clothes again that day, and had walked to my locker and was digging inside of it to find something, I still can't remember what... when something hard pressed into my backside and big hands grabbed my hips and he started, grinding into meI just remember starting to scream and cry and beg him to stop but he kept going, whispering dirty things about how I looked and how he was going to 'fuck me' right in the hallway. And you know what I hated the most? Nobody helped me. Not a single fucking student in any grade, right there helped me. They just kept walking by.My girlfriend saved me, Cassie is my hero and she always will be. She tore him right off of my and threatened to cut off his dick if he didn't march himself to the principle's office and tell them exactly what he just did to me. When he ran there afterwards, coward he was, Cassie comforted me. I was in a full-scale meltdown by then, so it was obvious to the staff (who knew about my disorder) something happened.The near-rapist admitted to assaulting me, and was expelled. The police were also called, and he now has a record. The kids who reportedly didn't help me were put on suspension but not charged.I still dress a bit more nicer than I used to, because I know that it's not on me if a guy gets too horny for his own damn good. I just hope I'll never meet someone that bold again.
When I was 17 my boyfriend raped me. I am 23 now, I found out he got married and its just set me into an emotional spin. When I reported to it the police, the female police officer told 'No one would believe me as he was my boyfriend. A few years later I ended up at a party with him and I got drunk for the first time. I pushed him into a corner and asked him why he did it. Made a bit of fool of myself, but he said he didn't remember and said some sort of sorry.I just feel a bit sick that he now got a wife and they are trying for kids. finding it hard to deal with it
I'm still not comfortable with the fact that this happened to me. I pretended that it was something it was. I tried to forgot about it.I met up with a guy on a dating website to get dinner. Not an uncommon thing for me to do. We went to get food and than go back to his place after to smoke.He took me back to his room, layed me on his bed. I kept telling him I didn't want to have sex. He undressed himself while pushing hard up against me. He pinned me down to his bed. There was a moment when i tried to push him off of me and he pushed me down harder. At that point I just had the thought in my head "I'm being raped". He was strong and I was scared. I just stopped. My insides died and I let him do it. I didn't fight back like I feel like i should have. It hurt and my body still hurts from it almost 2 weeks after. When it was over he didn't say a word to me and just took me home. I have never felt the desire to not be around someone anymore so strongly in my life. I didn't cry or scream; i shut down.For a week i played it over and over in my head. Not wanting to admit to being raped. I kept on telling myself that it was just sex that I wasn't into, because i havent wanted to deal with it.But i got raped. He hurt me physically and mentally.Now i feel like im shutting down. I don't know if I can go to work anymore. I've felt scared every time I've left my house since this has happen. Its been hard for me to run outside since(which is usually my favorite thing to do). I don't know what to do.I want to just stand up and be strong, but I feel like i need to mentally rest myself. I feel like i need to scream and cry everyday.
It sucks that I've driven home the past two days with rape stories on the radio. The station had to specify that there were detailed descriptions of assault on both occasions. It's not the way I want to come home. I just want to catch up on news and current events.I want to hear about the Olympics. To hear about the things people are doing to make a difference in the world, for better. And if I hear about a rape case, I want to hear justice served. I don't want to hear platitudes. I don't want to hear the perpetrators playing victim.I'm seven years distanced from my assault. It still hurts my perception of the world when I hear these stories.
So to start off, my girlfriend (let's call her Mary) and I became friends last year. Mary is such a sweet and gentle hearted person and we had grown closer and closer until we eventually ended up dating. I've always noticed that she would get panics attacks, but when I asked what was wrong she would brush it aside and repeat "I'm fine I'm fine" Last night we got into a conversation about sexual abuse against young girls. That's when she told me she had to admit something to me. She didn't go into details but she basically told me how when she was 13, her neighbor who was 16-17 and a childhood friend began abusing her and forcing her to do things. She told me it happened almost everyday for more than a 2 years. I was obviously distraught and but I told her that it wasn't her fault and that I would always be there for her. She never told anyone about the things her neighbor did to her and she told me the only reason why she told me was because she felt that it would be important for me to know. Since she told me, she has been having severe panic attacks, flashbacks, and she is clearly showing serious signs of PTSD. (I'm familiar with these symptoms as my mother was a survivor of the Khmer Rouge) I suggested she see a therapist and she refused. I really love this girl and want what's best for her, I can't go to anyone for help and Haven't told anyone,  I would feel like I'd be violating the trust Mary and I have. I know there isn't anything I can do to recover her, but how can I show my support and love? Is there anything else I can do? Please help. 
Hi there, back in March a girl I had been dating was raped. Long story short she said that she can't stand the thought of a man right now, and blocked me out. She's been going to therapy etcBut I was wondering if this was a common reaction. Does it get better?Maybe someone with experience can lend some insight.Thank you!!
She went out by herself, got completely wasted, allowed a stranger to drive her home, and supposedly woke up being raped somewhere. She got home around midnight and wanted to have sex with me the next morning. She didn't tell me about the rape until 3 days later when I kept pressing because she said something had happened but she was protecting me because I could not deal with it. She was right about the 2nd part. She will not go to the police, and I am completely creeped out by the fact she wanted sex 6 hours after supposedly being raped by a random guy who's car she should not have been in. I am well aware of how awful these feelings make me look. Nothing you can say to me can make me feel worse about how I am feeling about it. I am however beyond enraged about the situation. I do not understand why no police involvement, I do not understand why she would want sex from me the next morning, 6 hours after being raped, without showering, and I do not understand how she seems so fine and I can not sleep or eat. She also won't let me say anything to a 3rd party she was also with that night, who we have known for years, who  with who is related to the guy who drove her home. why? I feel terribly but I do not know how to cope with this, and I can not calm down, or stop these lingering questions in my head about what really happened. I hate the whole "rape shaming" thing I am pretty much doing by not being overly supportive, but I can barely look at her and I don't know how to move on. Yes, I know I am being an awful person, i hate myself for it. I feel like I am having a nervous breakdown and yes, I know this is not about me, but this is how I feel. How big of a douche am I?
 I realised I was raped recently. As I was escorting, I turned a blind eye to it and ignored my feelings after the event. The client took me to his house in his car, he repeatedly tried to to grope me in the passenger seat, even though I told him to stop as I wasn't comfortable. He was already creeping me out but I just wanted to get my money and leave. I can still remember all of it, every part of his body that repulsed me, his long toenails, boney legs, the disgusting noises he made. He was extremely weird, couldn't get hard, his penis was cheesy and he kept saying weird things that I won't repeat. I eventually had enough, I was not comfortable or in the mood anymore and I told him I wanted to leave and didn't want to sleep with him anymore, I started to put my clothes back on and declined any advances he had on me. He then grabbed me quite hard and started pleading with me and started to push me back onto the bed. I didn't say anything and put my face down and continued. I then got really cold, I shivered a lot and he gave me the quilt and I covered my head to hips. He carried on doing what he pleased and there was times when he kept going near places I didn't want him to and told him to stop but he would just try again. I made no noises, I was cold and he was certainly enjoying himself. Thankfully I just had to lie there and do nothing and he couldn't see my face as I was under the quilt. As soon as he finished I went to the toilet, for dressed and took my money. He offered a lift back to my nearest town to home. I have thought and thought about this and it has tormented me. I still remember everything, his room, the unmade bed and his unattractive baggy underwear. I have dreamt about this, cried and I even repulse my dance teacher at college, who posses some physical characteristics of him. I feel disgusting and dirty, I also feel completely at fault because he was paying me. My trust for men has completely tarnished. I quit escorting shortly after this. I wish I could report him but there's too much against me, I was escorting and also, I was lying about my age saying I was 18 when I was 17; although I really don't think that would have stopped him. He works as a doctor at a hospital so to think he is in a position of trust, sickens me. I have already been to the police when I was victim of sexual abuse at the age of 11 and my case was closed recently, it was hard to relive everything and I'm scared I'll end up powerless again. Thanks so much to whoever reads this and replies with anything useful, I have never told anyone in detailLacey...from the uk 
Warning - this may be a bit long. Possible triggers as well?I'll start off by saying, I feel very empty and alone. I have struggled with anxiety my whole entire life and a mixed view of sex in general. Most of my sexual experiences have not been pleasant. I posted this in /r/rapecounseling as well.Long story short - when I was little, about 6 I was raped by an older boy my mother babysat. It really skewed my view of sex. I did not want to be touched and being touched has and still to an extent make me just lock down. When I was 18 I was sexually assaulted again, by a friend of mine.I trusted him, we studied and did school work together. He completely preyed on me and the incident has left me completely messed up. This instance gave me PTSD, while I had issues prior due to my first sexual assault the one at 18 really hurt me... I kept it completely to myself and didn't tell anyone the full amount of what happened. He turned a lot of people against me, I think because he was scared I was going to report him. He had fabricated a whole story of how we had secretly been dating behind our partner's backs for months. I think he did this on purpose. We studied together after school almost every day so his story seemed plausible. It also really ruined a bit of my reputation among our mutual groups of friends who then labeled me as a "cheater", "homewrecker", or "whore". I got married a year after the assault and had sexual problems throughout the marriage due to these assaults which I explained to my then-husband. My (ex)-husband did not understand this and would constantly force me to have sex with him because he felt it was my duty as his wife. He told me repeatedly to get over it, as it was in the past. I struggle with that because there were a lot of consensual times as well while we were dating and married so does it count?I just feel so messed up. I have been to a therapist a few times but cannot really get help, mainly because I have no idea where to start. I also find it very difficult to talk about. I usually am able to get through the days okay, but sometimes it just causes me to have a total breakdown where I feel like I'm cascading in onto myself. I am now in a happy and healthy relationship with a respectful and understanding partner in regards to sex.I don't really know what to do or where to turn so I'm posting in here though because at times I just don't know how to handle my emotions. I constantly feel all over the place. Thanks for reading.
I want my body back.I want to feel like I deserve respect and not like I’m simply at the grace of others. Like I deserve to talk about my safety and STDs.I want to feel safe but I don’t.So then I want to feel unconscious.So then I drink.So then I eat.Anything to stay quiet and stimulated. Nothing to see here.I want sex, massage, touch. I want to feel safe with it.I hate myself incredibly.I want a hug. To feel safety and accepted.I want sex, to feel relieved.I want it and I can’t get it, I don’t ever trust people. Why, it didn’t work before?I know how much I am worth.It makes me want to kill myself.It makes me want to kill them.If you shove something into me. I will into you. I will and it will hurt you.I will and you will die.That is a dream.I don’t have power. Don’t touch me.I’m safe alone.People are the problem, not anything else.Where do I get back my will to live when I leave the things I wanted to do for fear of being raped? Because if any man that reached out to me to rape me, I would be blamed for socializing with him. I stopped exercising because I ran into my rapist. Why can’t I arm myself? A sword, I knife, a gun.Why don’t I feel like I deserve protection anymore?How do I get it back?That feeling.You’d say I’m unstable. So my choice is crazy and safe or faded and safe. I live in the background. This choice is horrible and I feel like it is the wrong one but it gets less attention. I can barely afford to live. However I live. Don’t touch me. Please hug me.Don’t touch me.I want my mind gone. I want the idea of safety to have never existed.I want to be unconscious.You don’t deal with this. You don’t even care.“I bet she likes doggy style because she has a tramp stamp.”“Well, no statistically she probably likes someone rubbing her clit until orgasm. She also probably wants to feel safe.”I know that is a foreign idea to you. Which is something you take completely for granted. I hate you for it.Don’t touch me.I’m so lonely.I’m so lonely. I’m so hateful.Why bother trying.Why Why Why
Hey... Im furious and sad and don't know what to do so my post might be written weird. Ive know for a while now that my girlfriend was raped by her brother... She said it happened for a while when she was young and she refuses to tell anyone but me. Today her brother is visiting the family and shes really upset and anxious. So i tried telling her that she really needs to tell her family. She got mad and we are fighting now. I just don't know what to do right now. and I'm scared that scumbag is gonna do things again especially when she says he is staring at her. Please help me.
There is no word to describe how I feel. I have no idea what to do.
Hello, I am in the need of some serious help. This is a complicated issue so I will try to explain in as much detail in possible. I have been dating this girl for 4 years. (Lets call her Ally) Now she is a Muslim woman, but has lived in the US and Canada all her life. She left to visit Pakistan on July the 7th. I begged her not to go and to stay with me, as from the news I have seen, it is not a safe place. She decided to go anyways.Now, I only get an email from her every 3-4 days because she has told me internet is bad there. Today I received emails from her that made my heart drop and make me go angry, depressed and more scared than I have ever been in my life. I got emails from her detailing that she ran into a guy 3 days prior and that he has been messaging her (I presume they know each other) He has been threatening her and her younger siblings. He has told Ally that if she doesn't marry him, he will kill himself and then his friends will kill her and her siblings. She has also told me that him or his friends tried to rape her.I am apparently receiving this news 3 days after all of it has happened. I had no word of it or anything. I am thousands of miles away in Texas and cannot do anything. She has told me that she "has to make a decision soon" I cant believe this and I don't know what to do. I have reached out to everything from twitter to other people to get my problem known or out there. She is supposed to return 10 days from now, but if the crazy person acts on his plans, I dont know if I will ever see her again. Please reddit, I beg you, please help me.    ---     **tl;dr**: What do I do? What can I do? Can I save her? 
He gets to forget what he did theres no hold or sentence over him because he was sentenced before the law changed. He gets to live his life but I dont get to live mine? He doesn't relive what he did everytime he closes his eyes but I do how can that be fair? The law was suppose to protect me not let him away with what he did. I guess because I'm unfixable I wasn't worth protecting.Everyone has forgotten what he did it's like it never happened. I wish I could forget it happened but my scars won't let me forget I need to know what I did so wrong? I HATE that I can't just forget it like everyone else I'm stuck at 15 and everyone has grown and I've not. What do you see when you look in the mirror?? I can't put into words how much I hate/dispise myself
Mary and I have been friends since the 3rd grade and I"ve always been there for her but I went away for a while and bad stuff happened.I'm truly at a complete loss here so lets start from the beginning. before school ended my best friend and I got into a fight about an unrelated topic. She didn't talk to me for the rest of June or July. I left for Sea Cadet Combat Medic Training July 24th and returned August 5th, but when I returned she said she missed me in her life and she was stupid for ignoring me. I then invited her over so we could catch up maybe talk a little.So about 2 days ago we hung out. We swam in the pool and I had a complete blast reuniting with her. we had so much fun, I invited her over to stargaze with me. Mary was really excited to lay with me on the grass, she told me how when I was gone she went a party. Mary got drunk and wasn't able to refuse the 3 guys that raped her. She told me that she wanted to feel guilty because she was dating someone at the time but broke up with him soon after this ordeal so she could feel guilty.(On a side note her friend was at the party and told these guys they could do it)I feel helpless I really need to know what the heck I should do... Help me.
Using my throwaway for obvious reasons. I'm looking for some much needed help. Background: My girlfriend and I both go to the same university and just started dating about 2 months ago (I've known her for about 6 months). We've both had our separate summer jobs in our home towns so the relationship has been mostly long distance with a meet up about every two weeks. Everything seemed pretty normal so far, but today my girlfriend says she has something serious that she needs to talk to me about. She seemed really unsteady on the phone and started crying (which she really doesn't do all that much). She tells me she was raped this last weekend while on a boating trip with friends. I was trying to be as supportive as possible during the call and felt absolutely horrible that this happened (especially since she invited me to go boating with them, but I had pre-arranged plans). She said that it happened at an after party at someone's house who was with them on the boat. I can't stop thinking about it. I'm a mix of sadness and rage (towards the the terrible person who did this). There's two parts of what she said that are really bothering me. 1. I mentioned possibly pressing charges, but she doesn't want to. I respect that it's completely her decision, but I need help understanding why anyone wouldn't want to punish this disgrace of a human. It makes me so mad thinking about this guy getting off scot-free after doing something this sickening.2. She said that she texted the guy the next morning and asked if he wore a condom. He said he did and she told me I "didn't have to worry" (about stds specifically). Is it wrong of me to want her to get tested again? I made her get tested at the beginning of our relationship which she didn't want to do then. I asked her why she would even believe this guy was telling the truth and she said that she thinks she smelled the rubber of the condom when it happened. I don't think I feel comfortable having sex with her until she gets tested. Any advice is greatly appreciated.---   **tl;dr**: Girlfriend was raped while on a trip with friends. Doesn't want to press charges or get tested.
I'm a first-time poster and I apologize if I post or use the wrong formatting. I posted this on /r/relationships too and it suggested I post it here as well.I'm 19 and when reading about grooming and sexual abuse, I realized that I was groomed and sexually exploitative today. When I was 15 or 16 (my memory's foggy), I was extremely depressed, self-harming, had low self-esteem and had been taken out of my parent's custody because of neglect and emotional abuse. I went onto a chat messaging app and met a man in his 40s who we'll just call J. We started talking and he said that I should send pictures of me and said I was beautiful, we should call each other, etc. etc. He persuaded me into sending him pictures of me without clothes on - it makes me nauseous just talking about it - and would send me some of him. He said he would visit me and rent a hotel room to do you know what. He said if I were there, he would do certain things.I would often exit out the conversation because it made me so ungodly uncomfortable and I'd feel so much shame afterwards but I still went back over and over again. And I feel so much shame and hatred at myself because of that. He would call me and I would hang up but still call again.I stopped it because it made me so uncomfortable and guilty but it still lingers in the back of my mind and I feel self-hatred because of it. And I think it's made me feel very leery of sex too. I also worry that it's not considered ""real abuse"" since it happened online. I want to tell my therapist but I'm afraid she'll lecture me for not telling her sooner. No one else knows but a chat person on RAINN.How do I cope with this? How do I tell my therapist and other people I trust it?tl;dr: I was sexually exploited and possibly abused as a child by a man online. I feel a lot of shame and self-hatred - how do I confide in someone about it?
I am finally beginning to deal with my PTSD caused by what happened to me. For the majority of my life I have been able to cope with it, or more like, ignore it. I loved vodka, coke, and meth. They worked like a charm. Until they didn't, until the violent outbursts became too much to handle. So now, 10 years after the fact, after the first of many rapes I am sober and trying to wrap my head around what happened. I thought I was okay, I thought I was over it. I mean, it was 10 years ago. I should be fine. But I'm not. I keep trying to remember exactly how many times it happened. How many times they violated me. Was it my fault? I mean I was there willingly. I chose to go with them, every single time. Everything is such a blur, how many times did it happen? Why haven't I gotten over this? I'm a grown adult, I should not still be affected by something that happened to me as a teenager. I have had plenty of time to get over this, and I was relatively unaffected by this for so many years, it is not logical for me to be so upset about this now. I struggle to get out of bed everyday, looking at myself in the mirror makes me want to break down and either cry or smash the mirror into a thousand pieces. The nightmares are so horrible, and the confusion makes getting through the day seem impossible. I can't be physically close to my partner without having an anxiety attack or flash backs. I haven't been able to get any productive work done in 2 weeks. I feel as if I was just raped, over and over and over again. I thought I was getting better, now I feel worse than ever.
I tried not to ramble so I'm sorry in advance if it comes across as rambling.I was molested by my father from some of my earliest memories through probably age 12 or so. This consisted of everything from touching me inappropriately to making me touch him to making me watch porn with him. He would keep my quiet by telling me if I told anyone it would break up the family, my mom would be sad, etc. He would also pretend to feel really sad and guilty and would say things like, "If you need to tell them go ahead, but they'll send me to jail and I'll never get to see my family anymore."He was also an alcoholic and I'm sure did a lot of drugs, was very rarely physically abusive to my mother and brothers (things like shoving around), and was emotionally abusive in a variety of ways. I've basically reached the conclusion that he grew up in a similar environment and it was all he knew, and he didn't have the resources to even consider escaping alcoholism so he just ended up a terrible person.So, long story short, almost three years ago my older brother's wife gave birth to a baby girl and I confessed everything to him to make sure they protected their daughter. It became apparent that he, our oldest brother, and some cousins (at least) were also molested. About a month later I couldn't hold it in so I told our mom. She was horrified, blamed herself, and became incredibly depressed. I went to therapy and we called an abuse hotline for DFACS to report him, but they weren't interested as the victims were all adults and he wasn't around children anymore (so very little chance of any ongoing abuse).So at present my mother, horrified as she was, still lives with him and cares for him. I haven't talked to him since the day I told her. He's only tried to contact me twice. Two of my brothers are still in touch, but the third no longer speaks to him either.I thought I was fine. I thought I had no lasting trauma or effects of the abuse. I'm married and we had a normal, healthy sex life. But for some reason in the last month I've spiraled downhill for no apparent reason. Now I'm: 1) having random flashes of memory, often during sex, that make me feel disgusted at myself or sex in general, 2) having a hard time coping with the fact that most of my family has gone back to pretending things are normal, 3) paranoid about whether I can trust seemingly innocuous people like my husband's perfectly normal parents with our children, and 4) worried that my past will somehow spill over into my own parenting or interpretation of events.Regarding the last one, I went to the movies with my sister-in-law last week and (because her husband/my brother was busy) my husband watched their 3-year-old while we were out. When we got home, he and the child were in our room with the door closed. It made perfect sense because he was using his computer (a desktop in our room) to get some work done and she can be kind of rowdy so to keep her from waking our baby, he just set her up on the bed with a tablet. The baby's room is right across from ours so closing the door kept the noise level down a bit.But coming down the hall and seeing a closed door with the knowledge of a grown man and little girl behind it made me physically sick to my stomach. To make matters worse, apparently she had just gone in our bathroom to pee so he was helping her pull her panties up when my SIL and I walked in. I panicked inside. And I have no reason to even begin to suspect my husband is capable of anything bad. But isn't it common for family members to not suspect anything of child molesters?I don't know how to process any of this. I honestly feel like I'm being dramatic when I cry about it. I can't even place my finger on what's so terrible about child molestation that it should be traumatic years later, and so sporadically. Has anyone been through something similar, or does anyone have knowledge or stuff like this? Shouldn't I just be over it at this point? I never even see or talk to him anymore.TL;DR - Molested by father throughout childhood and coming up on 3 years no contact. But for some reason I'm suddenly not coping well despite being fine for years. Can't thing of any logical reason that I should randomly be struggling now.
I was very recently raped by a guy I am close to... I feel so isolated and alone because of how i feel. I dont feel hate to him, but i also do at the same time... Does that make sense?I feel ashamed because I feel like i asked for it. I feel ashamed because how normal i acted to him after. I feel ashamed that I had a orgasm with him.I just feel so ashamed.
(My story was moved here)This happened to me during summer, I'm 14 years old and throughout my years of living, I never thought I would be sexually assaulted by someone I thought I could trust. Since that one event, I can still feel shivers run down my spine. It was Mid-July and I decided to go to my friends after skating at the local skatepark. I arrived at her house around 3pm, so I welcomed myself in since they treated me as a second daughter. It was around 5 when they just fucken told that she went to beach. So I stayed and made pizza with them. As I making the dough, (let's name my "bff" Ashley) ashley's dad would often touch my lower back or slightly touch my ass... I thought nothing of it, I regret not saying anything to him. Around 6-7pm, I stayed for bit since they said she was coming home. I was alone in her room and her room connects to the restroom. That's where shit starts to get creepy. I was texting on my phone until I heard the restroom door knob open. I look up to see that fucken fat piece of shit naked in front of me. I quickly look down, scared shitless praying to God that he will go away. He did, but he kept on coming in and out naked. He even asked me a fucken question on purpose to look at him and all I see is a smile... That's fucken smile man.Once he left, I quickly packed my things and called my friend who lives near by to walk me home since it was dark. I felt my anxiety rise and I was packing. I quickly left and cried to my friend and told him what happened. I was so scared that he could've done something even worse. Ever since that day, I haven't told no one besides my friend. I haven't contacted my friend since. So to my Best Friends Perverted Father who sexually assaulted me, let's not meet again.
I personally have been raped four times... I think a lot of people have been but the worst one happened pretty recently. I was dating this guy for a year and at first he honestly seemed so great, like there was no warning signs for the first four months and when everything started going wrong it felt too late...      Around six months into our relationship he started yelling at me all the time, and just snapping... I guess I took it as maybe he was stressed and just being aggressive because of it, making excuses for how he treated me, and then he started being a dick to me in front of my family... Everyone was telling me to break up with but I just, I didn't think I could I was scared and we were so involved in eachothers life insist know how to just end that...        Flash forward to when we've been dating for eight months and it's my birthday, he doesn't get me a card or anything... He comes to my house and screams at me because my feelings were hurt about him not getting anything. He hit me, I tried to break up with him the next day and fell for him telling me that it would never happen again and the he was sorry and that he would change... I guess it's weird because you don't notice it when you're the one in the situation, you think you would but you don't when it comes to an abusive relationship... When he graduated I went to this huge party with him and he got so drunk, I was drinking too but not to the same point.      That night was awful, I went to the room we were staying in and when he came he wanted to have sex with me, I said no, he called me names and shoved me... and then he ripped my clothes, I was crying and telling him to stop and he just wouldn't. Like he refused to stop and it was horrifying, it was so much worse because I was in love with this guy, it made it so much more confusing... I broke up with him and went away for a month with my family, I never told them why we broke up. Just that we fought too much.      I went to therapy for all of my other rapes, and it helped a lot but this feels so different, it just feels like I can't trust anyone with my feelings now.       Now, it's been six months and I'm absolutely terrified guys, I met this guy I REALLY like, he's sweet and really I've known him for a year, we were friends the whole time I was dating my abusive ex. Me and this guy, we've been hanging out a lot the last few weeks, and things are great, he's so nice and he cares, he doesn't push anything on me... But I'm so scared of having feelings for him, I feel like I don't have any love left in me after what happened, and if I do how do I let myself care about someone that intimately again... TLDR; I was raped by an ex and don't know how to let myself get close to another man. 
I will keep this short, so if anything needs to be elaborated on, I absolutely can and will. My sister, who was already sexual abuse victim, was raped twice in her first year of college. I cannot put words to what she must be feeling right now, and I won't try to, but needless to say she is in a world of hurt, and pain, and isn't doing too well. She is not yet ready to see a therapist or get help. She has resorted to dealing with her trauma in two ways: an obsession with fitness that has transformed into an eating disorder, and hitting, and verbally abusing my brother. She used to do those to me, but it is fine because I'm an adult, and I can deal with the emotions with my therapist. My brother is off limits, however. My parents used to hit me as a kid, and were generally really abusive to the both of us. I was able to change their minds about it when my brother was born, as I didn't want him to grow up in the same type of abusive environment, and my brother has never been abused. Today, my sister got into an argument with him about something dumb, and he wasn't listening to her, so she hit him and called him "worthless" "useless" and "a bad person." I understand I can't take away how much she is hurting. I have been there to listen to her, take care of her when she is having panic attacks, drive her to get STD tested, pretty much everything I could have done. I have been there with her when she needs a scapegoat. I've been there when she needs someone to yell at or slap. I can't let her fuck up my brother's childhood, though. I yelled at her. I told him to go to his room, and dealt with him later, but as soon as we were alone, I told her she could not do that, and if she was going to, then she needed to separate herself from him because no matter what she needs to make sure she doesn't hurt him. She called me a shitty person, and said I was just like our father, which hurt a lot, but eventually I snapped and fucked up. I told her in a really aggressive tone that she is not allowed to ever hurt him and I won't let it happen again by any means necessary. I should not have raised my voice, I know. I fucked up. I can't let her abuse my brother, though. That can't happen ever, on my watch. What should I do?---   **tl;dr**: Sister has been through a lot of trauma, and is dealing with it unhealthily. She has been abusing my brother. Today I fought with her about it. Did I fuck up?
About 1 year into dating, my boyfriend had a few too many drinks and raped me. I only recently have come to terms with that being the proper label for what happened. It was this first time that I physically tried to get away from him over and over. He repeatedly tried to force anal and in the same night slapped me across the face multiple times thinking that I'd enjoy it? Then he passed out drunk and I cried myself to sleep.vI talked to him about it over the next week and he said he genuinely didn't remember but he would stop drinking. This later turned into just having 2 drinks max if we're out. A whole 'nother year goes by and he sticks to his drinking rule for the most part but we have no more issues related to his drinking so I shrug it all off as a one time thing. I make all these excuses for it - he's a wonderful guy, supports me in all I do, is so sweet and caring to me most of the time. Then last month, we're on a family vacation and he has a few drinks while we're out. We get back and he initiates sex but it quickly escalates to him trying to force anal and this time instead of wiggling away I just burst into tears and I'm sobbing while he's asking me what's wrong. We talk over the next couple weeks and he says he can't believe he did that to me, genuinely apologizes and says he understands if I can't forgive him/doesn't want to stay with him anymore. He tells me that this opened his eyes to the fact that he's been sexually abusive towards me and not only these two times but in other behaviors towards me.I've searched up and down for a post or article or anything about people staying in sexually abusive relationships and mending it. I want to think we can repair our relationship through therapy and communication. But at the same time, I feel anger bubbling over nearly every day that the two assaults ever happened. I feel angry that I stayed with him after the first time and allowed it to happen again. He's been looking into therapists over the past month since it happened but hasn't scheduled anything. It's frustrating to me (and I have voiced this to him) that he's bought me pricey gifts and shit lately to try and show he loves me but the only thing I really want is for him to go to therapy so we can try to make this relationship work. Everything else in our relationship is so solid (that probably sounds so stupid) but I know it doesn't matter when issues like this exist between us. Even last night he woke me up pulling me over on top of him and then touching me and wrapping my hand around him. I turned over and went back to sleep and he left me alone. Then this morning he did it again and I woke up and he initiated sex and only stopped to say "am I hurting you?" and that's when he stopped. We still definitely have a long ways to go but I really am holding on to the hope that some abusive relationships can be repaired and change for the better.Is there too much water under the bridge? I just want to hear about even one situation where an abuser was able to change and the relationship wasn't doomed. Maybe I'm too optimistic. 
I [F19] was raped almost a year ago and I have not told a soul. I am currently seeing a therapist to work through everything. I hope to come clean to my bf[M20] of 3 years about the rape, but am not sure whether or not to disclose my rapist's name. I have read that some husbands of rape victims find it easier to cope when they don't have a name/face to attach to their anger. Thoughts?For background — We are in college. The rape happened last year, while we were in college, and I was meeting up with a classmate to study. To my knowledge, my bf has never met my rapist or knows of his existence. Since the rape I have deleted his number from my phone, I have never been friends with the rapist on social media, and are NOT friends or associate. Because of this, I feel like I shouldn't reveal his name. I am scared that my boyfriend will become angry and want to hurt him, which would ultimately cause more trouble for me. I also don't want my bf to have my rapist's face burned into his mind, like I do. I want to protect him.On the other hand, I'm scared that if I confess my rape to my bf that he will demand to know my rapist's name and I will not have a choice but to tell him. I guess I am scared of him knowing my rapist's name is because he still is a student at our college. He will graduate in May, so we will be rid of him very soon. I do not want my boyfriend to beat him up, or approach him and cause problem. The entire reason I have kept this a secret and not gone to the police is to protect my reputation, not re-victimize myself, or be labeled as a cheater. Is it okay for me to be private about my rapists name? I don't want to protect my rapist, but protect myself and my bf.TL;DR: Debating whether or not it would be beneficial for my bf to know the name of my rapist. Is it okay to be private about my rapists name?
The other night I went to a staff party with my boyfriend. We got into a fight the night before and I said I was feeling like I needed space as he can be very jealous and always accuses me of flirting with guys (he's been cheated on by all his serious girlfriends) so he has his own issues he knows he has to deal with. So pretty much at the party he gave me the space I wanted. At the party this guy named Tom started opening up about his life and how he was depressed when we got into a private conversation after a few drinks, I was trying to be comforting and supportive. All night he would try and link arms with me and wanted to talk more alone. I didn't think much of Tom, he's very harmless and my boyfriend and him hit it off very well. As the night progressed one of my male coworkers started to notice he was acting weird with me and told him to back off. He asked me if I was alright, weird I thought, of course im alright he was just being super friendly with me. Then Tom wanted to talk alone by the pool, it was dark and he kept grabbing my hand, then started rubbing my back. That's when I felt uncomfortable. Tom got up and I signalled my bf to come over, when he did I whispered that Tom was making me uncomfortable and being handsy, so we moved to a room with more people.  Everything was fine until our can ride back, I was passing out and all I vaguely remember is Tom in the back seat with me, my bf in the front, taking my hand and making me rub his penis, I pulled away, but he kept trying to touch me, creeping his fingers into my underwear ( I was wearing loose shorts) I kept pushing him away and telling him to stop but he was fighting back and would just do it again. I don't know why but I thought pretending I was asleep would be a good plan to get him to stop. I closed my eyes but he continued.. I closed my legs tightly and pushed his hands away again. Then I just let it happen, I knew we were a block from his house so I just clenched my teeth, closed my eyes and the tears started coming down my face as he inserted his fingers into me. The second he got out of the cab, I started sobbing, he was supposed to run into his place for money but I just told the cab to drive I needed to get the fck away from him. I told my bf once we got home and he freaked out and called him, even tho I asked him not to. I chased him trying to get him not to but he did, at first Tom denied it and said I was making advances to him but finally caved and said he did it, not to blame me and that he deserves to be beaten up, he's lonely etc.... The worst part is that my bf didn't believe me, when Tom said it was me he believed it right away! I've been assaulted before and wasn't believed by my bf, we talked about it and he said that would never happen again. I was so hurt I broke up with him on the spot.  He only believed me once Tom confirmed it. And worst of all he wasn't even that mad at Tom, he's forgiven him. And now though he says it isn't my fault is saying things like, this is a good learning experience for you to speak up, why didn't you say anything in the cab, are you sure you didn't lead him on etc.... Someone help me this is eating me up. I'm so sad and my bf seems to have moved on, feels fine about the incident that happened 2 days ago. My vagina hurts from this man scratching and forcing his way in. 
**I posted this in /r/relationships, since it thought it was a better suited place, but it was deleted****Back story** of our relationship: We met about 3 or 4 years ago over the internet as friends. We hung out and fell in love in some months. It did not last (mostly due to my own mental issues I am struggling with) and we decided to stay friends/friends with benefits. We have continued to have sporadic contact (but no sex) even as she and I both have moved on with new partners. I must admit I still have some romantic feelings for her, but I fully respect her choices in the matter, and I care about her as a friend immensely.Possibly biased, I must say that this woman is extremely kind and caring, but also that she neglects her own needs and lets herself be pushed around too much for her own well being.---**Recently** we met again for a casual summer hang-out. It was more than a year since last time. During this we had rather emotionally intimate conversations and she confided in me that she was raped about half a year ago by a much older "friend", and that she has not told anyone else about this, fearing the consequences. Sadly, this is not the first time she has been raped and she has not received any significant counseling.She also told me some things about her current relationship which makes me think that the people surrounding her do not really care enough to be called friends. Among these are that her boyfriend (now ex-, but they still live together, and she has feelings for him that he apparently does not reciprocate) has been writing some rather mean things about her to other girls, and possible infidelities.---Her way of dealing with this seems to me to be ignoring it and shutting it out. Fleeing the reality if you will, by the traditional means of movies, parties, games, drugs, etc. Naturally, to me this does not seem like a healthy approach. She tells me that she had a hard time answering my (and others) calls and texts due to feeling unmotivated, overwhelmed and generally having a low self esteem. During our talk I explicitly asked about suicidal thoughts and she admitted to frequently thinking about suicide. I also think her other friends are not really good friends as she tells me I am the only one who actually listens to her, not objectifying her. I think her experiences have shaped her to feel that she owes sex to boyfriends or similar. She even cried from guilt once or twice in our earlier relationship from turning down sex, despite my reassurances.I have not been able to convince her to tell the police, but I think I have convinced her to seek professional help (I promised to check were she could turn for help and I gave her the phone numbers, and I have offered to come along as emotional support). I will contact her soon again to encourage her to seek help, but I do not want to push her too much.---**I need advice** on how to encourage her to seek professional help, and how I can be supportive if she needs me. I fear that she might block me out and try to resume ignoring the problem. Not sure if there is a risk, but I also want to avoid her falling for me because I am "the only one" caring for her and listening to her problems.Further, I need to make sure my still existing romantic feelings for her do not mess anything up, how do I assure this?Another issue I need advice is that she tells me she cannot break contact with the "friend" who raped her partially because of a debt he has to her (around 800 €). I suggested that he probably will not pay that and offered to pay her myself (it would be about 40 % of a months salary for me, something I absolutely *can* afford right now) so she could cut contact with him. However, I fear that paying her would put her in a position of feeling that she owes me, and I do not want to inhibit her choices when it comes to being friends with me, and I absolutely do not want her to feel she owes me intimacy or sex.---**tl;dr**: Ex-girlfriend and friend I care a lot about was raped and suffers a lot from that, earlier rapes, and from being emotionally poorly treated. Her problems are extensive enough for her to consider suicide. I do not want her to suffer (nor hurt herself), How can I help?
i was raped at least once by my ex boyfriend. i don't remember how much. we had sex a lot, both consensual and non consensual, because i couldn't leave him, eventually i just said yes every time because i knew i wasn't allowed to say no. i blocked out most of my memories of him. i still haven't told many people he raped me. i feel like it was my fault. i wanted to stay friends after we broke up. he continued to text me gross things and harass me though even though he knew i have a girlfriend now, so i blocked him. apparently he tells people i emotionally abused him. they believe him. i don't know what to do. i wanna tell a friend of mine, who lives there still (i moved) but idk. i feel like it'd be weird to just message him abt it. my girlfriend knows about it. she hates him now. even more than she used to (he's transphobic and she's a trans woman). sorry for rambling. idk what to do
Everything in this post is true. To protect my dear friend whom I care about more than anyone I am posting this up. This is for her safety, and not just from her rapists but from others that would do her harm because of her circumstances. Its so fucked up because I can not even mention her circumstances. For her safety I have to be the one to post this for her. Make no mistake she is taking a risk. The words here that I will put down are her own that she sent me. It was vital that she do this not from her computer or even in the area she lives is in. She had to email me this so that I could post this for her. She is more than willing to interact. She can see the posts, and if she feels up to it will reply to them, but they will be through me so please feel free to interact. Here is her story."So… Well. This is my story, or at least part of it. I was recently raped for the second time in my life. I personally, have a fucked up family. Like… Really fucked up. I was 14 and walking home from school, six men caught me and each and every one of them raped me. But I was just raped a few weeks ago again by a single man. I had been in the shower and heard the doorbell ring, I ignored it. Once I got out of the shower I dried off and wrapped my towel around myself to walk to my room. This is the point that I should mention my father is dead and my mum commit suicide when I was three..I found her body. Slit wrists and throat blood everywhere… I've been scarred forever. My father was extremely abusive. He died a few months ago, he was killed. I have a brother, who is an abusive asshole as well. I live with him to this day in South Asia, though we're American. As I walked into the hallway, I saw the person who had rung the doorbell (at least I think so) sitting on my couch as if he had just let himself in. I walk to my room and slip on something more appropriate.. Which if I think about it, isn't a very good outfit. I was texting my friend while I was in the shower, the same one posting this. I had told him, and said I'd be right back. I went out and talked to Fuckface as we call him. Apparently, he just needed some vegetable oil. I went back to my room to text my friend that I was alright since he knew my past experiences have not always ended well. I went to go get the oil and he grabbed me and ripped my clothes off and raped me in my own kitchen. Gawd. He left after he “finished” and I was on the floor crying. I went back to my room to text my friend being extremely vague before… Did things I don't recommend since it becomes a terrible habit. Cutting becomes your excuse for everything and has landed me in an asylum, which I very VERY strongly don't recommend. I cried myself to sleep and when I woke up I texted my friend and came clean. He had already figured it out since we're really close and he understands me. But, he's helped me a lot but wants me to get an STD test, which I'm bittersweet on... I have a really bad experience with hospitals. I'm really just venting here, sharing my story. I also may have a minor suggestion to those dealing with this sort of thing… I know it really fucking sucks. But if you get a friend who you trust your life with and vice versa, it makes it soooo much easier. I've had panic attacks and he's done so much. I swear, I wouldn't be here without him. Confiding in just one person helps you so much more than you'd think… Tell one person, minimum of one. Self harm isn't the way to go, and I'll still argue otherwise when I'm really just shitty. I had trouble with Fuckface like two days ago, but I was prepared and put him in his place. I won't be bothered by him anymore. But I still can't bring myself to get tested. When I was raped the first time my experience in the hospital was terrible. I was groped and the rape kit was terrible and it was worse than the actual rape. If you have doctors and nurses touching you all over, it just scares the ever living daylights out of you. I know I need to. And I've looked into it but I still just struggle to do it… I don't really know exactly why I'm doing this, maybe because I want to vent and hear what people have to say, or maybe because I'm sharing my story so that people know they aren't alone...or like, to tell people not to handle it like I did. Sooo… That is my partial life story."Ill be posting this as well to /r/RapeCounseling
So...Sigh...this way too complicated. I need some help Reddit. Please don't berate me. I feel bad bad. I wanted to post this to relationships but as it has to do with being taken advantage of I can't. But, I need some advice. We (my ex and I) had been together just under two years and lived together for 8 months up until about 8 days ago.For the last few weeks my relationship with my ex has been terrible. We both have had a lot of nonsense to deal with outside of our relationship including family problems, money issues, legal issues, the fall out from opiate addiction (5mo clean), anxiety and depression, and her abruptly stopping her birth control.We have both been working on being healthy by doing things like eating well, exercising, and learning/implementing new coping skills. Easier said then done.I'm on probation for a felony weed ticket and don't have my licence because of a weed related dui (lol?). About 2 months ago I had a minor issue with my probation officer and spent 8 days in jail while she "did her investigation". My po had the facts mixed up and I was let out. Being the main breadwinner this really messed up our finances and caused my ex's insurance to lapse and she couldn't get her birth control.The ex doesn't have any strong woman in her life except my mother. Neither one of us realized the power of hormones until last week. This Saturday my mother and her talked and she went and got her birth control.I really thought everything she was saying to me for the last month was how she actually felt about me. (Its "all my fault", I'm an autistic asshole, no one loves me etc) some of those things *seem to be true sometimes. Intimacy, both physical and emotional has been seriously lacking.We are usually very close and fairly codependant. Healthy? Not in the long run maybe, but we aren't doing drugs, so there is that. We really had been working on living and building a better life together. She came from an abusive family, as did I. I helped get her out of that situation, and she helped me get off opiates. She used too for a short while, and that was what broke me to the point that I needed to quit. I wouldn't be able to live with myself if she OD or got in legal trouble. We are both about 5 months clean. No suboxone, I'm in counciling.There was a situation about 3 weeks ago we just weren't seeing eye to eye on that couldn't be resolved. Her actions caused me a lot of hurt and to question my trust for her. Long story short it devolved into arguing, saying things we didn't mean and all that. It became too much. She packed up most of her things while I was gone at work and left. Wouldn't answer texts or calls. She kept my car (I can't drive anyway) and the house keys.I live in a pretty small town. There isn't much around. I've cut off most old friends due to their drug use. The few close friends I do have are about 20 miles away and not as emotionally close as I'd like them to be. I'm working on it but it's been a game of spinning plates lately.Her leaving threw me into a pretty bad downward spiral. Being lonely coupled with being stranded in "our" house with a pocket full of money nearly caused me to pick up the phone and call the one guy that always answers. But I didn't. I did a lot of meditation and self reflecting. I went on some runs and worked out, but the depression and just downright confusion was a lot. I couldn't sleep. I was hurt. These may seem like total "excuses" soon.Heres where the real fuck up happens. Up until this point I was just angry, hurt, and confused. I picked up a small bottle. I rarely drink. But, I wanted to not feel for a bit. Who hits me up on fb? My first serious GF. I hadn't seen her for 12 years. She moved across the state. Where is she? At a wedding down the street from my house in this small town in the middle of nowhere.In hindshight wtf yuck.Meeting for a drink turns into four. I'm told all the right shit. How I made such a positive impact on her life. How I've always been so sweet and creative blah blah. External input is nice, don't get me wrong, but I'm usually not a sucker for a few nice words. Usually.Not here's the part where I say that I would never cheat. Here's where I'm really torn. We went back to my place since it was near bar close. I explained my living situation, that I still care about my ex. I basically got super sad and got jumped. Yeah I kissed her back but not really, fooled around a little bit but I totally wasn't into it. I liked the attention but I couldn't not think about my ex. ex2(fuckkk) got all upset and went to her car. I followed and asked her to crash on the couch. Ok. She went on the couch and I went to bed. I wake up to her basically raping me like a half hour later. Wtf. I wasn't even hard. Push her off, say fuck no. She didn't leave but I didn't sleep after that.I gotta get to work so I'll make this as short as possible.I come home from work yesterday and my ex is sleeping on our bed. I walked in, noped out and go for a run. Come back, take a shower and she wakes up. She's sad and misses me. Wants to work things out and is very sorry. I make dinner, we watch a movie and go to bed.Do I tell my ex? I really do love her. I really thought we were over. She moved her stuff out. But, I don't want her by her abusive dad's house. I don't want to hurt her. That wasn't my intention I'm almost thinking I should have just gotten high. Drugs may fuck me over but they don't rape me.Wtf do I do reddit?
When I was 8 I got molested (? Honestly I dont know) by my own uncle at a trip to spain with my younger cousin he was 4 at that time. I dont remember much cause I think I was drugged. Since we, me and my cousin, always got a soda drink that tasted funny before we went to bed. So, I slept like a rock most of the time. But then there was this one day where I didn't drink the soda and poured it out, since I was so full from dinner and didnt want it.That night I woke up without my panties and then the toiletroom was half open-ish and then I could see him washing my panties. He didn't hear me so before I did anything else I went back to bed. But the thing is when I woke up I had panties on. And then I realized that everyday my panties changed from the one I wore when I went to bed to another. When I got home after 8 days in spain my downstairs kinda hurt and I remember checking it and that there was small red cut-mark-ish wounds. I was ofc too scared to tell anyone.What made everything worse was that I was bullied at school. And at first in primary it was just about my ethnicity, ugly clothes ( My family were poor), or other mean things kids says. But in middle school the bullying started to get kinda sexual. Boys would say stuff like '' Imma slapp your tits so hard that milk pours out''. Or if I spilt some yoghurt on me a boy asked me '' Did you grandfather do that to you?'' with motions of sex. Then some other describe like really cruel ways they would want to rape me. like '' Imma hang you up in a tree in the school yard and strip you naked'' etc.Needlessly to say that all this reminded me of the aweful experience with my uncle. Now Im soon in college but because of all this Ive become suspicious, introverted and in generall socially awkward especially around boys. I can talk to boys but I tend to get nervous or uncomfortable if they go in for physical contact or a friendly hug.It doesn't really help that I dont have any good girlfriends either. The friends I have are ehrm mildly said fake and often puts me down or make me feel dumb. One even ditched me when my gpa sank to 3.6. So, therefore I havent been able to talk to anyone of them about the bullying or rape.And I really dont know what up anymore. Its like my life is only a big routine. and I cant sleep or have problems with sleeping. And whenever Im in bed I think about the incident and the bullying and everything is just a mess in my head, but I manage to act normally infront of others tho when I do its like Im watching myself from a television screen inside my head and the person that interacts with the outside world isnt the actual me etc. Its like sometimes Im there in the present and someothers Im miles away. I just read at some random help yourself site that talking about it to others might help or sharing your story etc. So, I guess Im just trying it out. Im farily new on reddit. 
This happened 2 years ago and I haven't told anyone about it. My friends and I went out drinking at the bar by our college. One of the guys we saw out was someone my friend has had a crush on forever. We all decided to leave, as it was pretty late. He and I were walking kind of behind the rest of the group. I, being pretty drunk, decided I wasn't done partying and asked if he knew if there were any parties going on. He said that his friend was having a party and we should go, but don't tell your friends, he doesn't like them. Stupid me went along with this plan. We walk through the neighborhood and get to the house. He unlocks the door and no one is there. I ask about the party and he said it must have ended. He asked if I wanted to watch a movie and I said yea. So we're watching a movie, start making out, and he asks if I want to go upstairs. Again, I say yea. I follow him up the stairs and that's the last thing I remember. I woke up the next day in his bed, naked. I asked if we had sex and he said yea, kind of like it was obvious and he was surprised I didn't remember. I don't know if I said yes to it, though. Prior to this, I was a virgin and that was important to me, so I don't think even super drunk me would have been down with that. I basically bolted that morning, walked back to my apartment and showered for over an hour. I never told anyone because I've felt so guilty. This was a guy my friend had a crush on for a while. I feel like such a slut. Any time I saw the guy afterwards, I would dart. I hate myself so much for allowing this to happen. I want to tell my parents, because it would explain why my life has basically turned upside down the past 2 years (grades slipped, I had to drop classes, and graduated college late). I feel kind of distant from the event, numb? I'm sure therapy would help me get back to 100%. But at the same time, I feel like they would push for me to go the whole legal route, notify the college, etc. and that's something I definitely do not want to do. 
So a week ago my friend...we can call her Amy went to meet a guy offline. I never knew until after the fact. Well this guy took her for a drive, smoked cigarettes with her and asked her to watch the stars. She laid down with him and then he started taking her pants off and then underwear. He was older and she had no clue where she was. He kept pulling her legs up and she kept trying  to put them down and She would keep moving up to get away but he kept following and going until he was done. She called me after and asked me to come pick her up off of some dirt road. Any told me they had talked before hand about maybe having sex but this was just a first meeting. I took her home and she showered over and over before telling me everything. So now she is confused as to of this is really rape or not. If she never said no but never said yes is it still rape? 
A little less than a year ago I was sexually assaulted in my sleep by someone I had once considered my "best friend." It was after a night of drinking, and I guess he just decided that since my boyfriend and I had just broken up, I was free game. Or something. Anyway, I had a rough year (which is probably to be expected), but after some extremely serious lows/bad decisions/plummeting grades, I got help and went into therapy and started taking antidepressants.At this point, I'm healthier than I've ever been. I've even been able to take a critical look at myself and am currently working on looking after myself a little more before I "set myself on fire to keep others warm," so to speak. (I've come to realize that this tendency of mine has managed to attract some very narcissistic people--particularly the guy who took advantage of me.)So here I am now. I desperately want to contact this once "friend" of mine and completely lay out what exactly that he did was wrong, how it's hurt me, explain in great depth how consent works, and tell him to get help. In addition, I have reason to believe that he did something similarly to an ex gf of his (who is a somewhat estranged friend of mine). I want to reach out to her to just hang out, is that a good idea?TL;DRHas anyone talked to their rapist/got them to get help? Has it worked? Additionally, if an old, somewhat estranged friend from a darker period of your life reached out, would you be glad they did? Or would it just dredge up bad memories?
I'm 18 y/o girl and my bf is 18 as well. We've been together for more than 2 years now. Our relationship is really nice and we are respectful to each other.We were talking about anal a lot of times before, but none of us really wanted it. A month ago, he tried to put in my anal finger, but it really hurt so we decided not to do it and there wasn't really a reason to. We enjoyed our basic vaginal sex enough.Few days ago, we drank a bit and things got sexual. I told him "do whatever you want to do with me". He's always super nice and this was not the first time we had sex after drinking. Since he's really nice, he started with me and was really gentle, but that's not what I wanted. I wanted him to do something for him. But this is not what I expected.I repeated the sentence "do whatever you want to do with me" and he went like "okay as you want". Then he put lube on his finger, put it inside my anal, then 2 fingers and than his penis. Despite the lube, it hurt a lot. He was really rough, he kept saying things like "this is what you wanted" and since it hurt a lot, I started to sob and scream, but I stopped screaming because his 12 y/o brother was at home and I really didn't want him to find out what's happening. Plus he told me "you can scream as you want, you have what you wanted". The most horrifying thing is, I had no idea I can stop it. I didn't say "stop". All I said was "why is it taking so long". It was maybe an hour since he was drunk and wasn't able to come. I could've just kick him or scream, but I wasn't able to do anything. I just wanted him to come. I felt like that's the only way to end it. After some time I tried to fight back a bit and he came immediately. Then he fell asleep and I was feeling pretty ok (probably due to the alcohol).The next day he said he's sorry and I even tried to comfort him it's okay, I said that "I could've end it, if I really wanted". Then he was okay, I thought I'm as well, but my anus still hurt. We even kind of joked about it. Whole day was amazing.Day after that, we had sex and I felt like complete shit and realised what happened 2 days ago. I didn't want him to touch me. We talked about it and he said he's sorry, but I felt like he didn't really understand what happend. He said it was the alcohol. I'm sure he would never do that sober and I wouldn't allow it and I'm sure it won't happen ever again. I left his house and don't want to talk to him and I cry the whole day. He came to apologise, but I told him to leave.I'm writing here, because I have a lot of emotional problems and can't really tell what's okay and what's not. I don't know whether it's that bad or not, since I wasn't able to stop him. But it hurt a lot and all I wanted was to end it and I was sobbing, looking back: it was horrifying. He's really nice guy, should I stay with him?tl;dr: I'm not sure whether I was raped or I'm just overreacting/Is it okay to stay with my boyfriend?
I've posted here before about an unrelated, more recent event/person. This has been bothering me since middle school.I used to hate going to my doctor. I had the same pediatrician throughout my childhood. My mom told me a couple of years ago that when I was a child I would "scream bloody murder" every time I walked into the doctors office.When I was around 8 I remember I absolutely despised going to see my doctor. I was too embarrassed to have my mom in the room so I always asked to go alone. I remember how he would put his hands on my breasts (possibly normal, checking my heartbeat) but what sticks out the most is how he would tell me to pull my pants down. He would walk to the sink and put a rubber glove on and would finger me. I remember the feeling of his freezing cold finger inside of me so fast. I hated it so much. Everything about him was just cold.We moved when I was 12 and my mom told us we needed to make a doctor's appointment and my sister said "ew I don't want to go to Dr. xxx! He rapes us!" and my mom said "don't talk like that." That was the end of the conversation. I haven't been able to bring myself to talk to my siblings about it again.I still don't know if this was normal or not. Did other people experience this as children? I asked my close friends in middle school and they said they never had anything like this happen to them. I did not see a gyno until I was 21.Thoughts? Doc is dead now so even if it was wrong there is nothing I can do
*warning graphic language*Okay! Two days ago was my boyfriend's 22nd birthday, and also our 4 month anniversary. We celebrated at his/his best friend's house by drinking and playing rock band. Around 2 it was time for bed and last thing I remember is walking through the door of his room and crashing asleep on his bed(i don't even remember falling asleep). Last thing he remembers is us putting away rock band. I woke up about an hour later with him on top of me, mumbling "that feels good" and "just the tip" etc etc.. I'm a virgin and planned on saving myself for marriage, no questions asked. I started half-freaking out "where are we" "where am I" "what's going on" etc.. to which he replied "no shhh don't stop.. are you okay? want to go to sleep?" and I said "yes" and pushed him off me; he was passed out instantly, snoring and all.I in my drunken panic couldn't find my bra, shoes, or keys, so I just put on my top layer of clothes and bolted out the door. I stood outside and called my best friend from back home(I'm in college 3 hours away from home rn) and asked for help on what to do... I ended up getting a ride from the police department and the officer talked to me the whole way, urging to file a report, kept me calm, etc. I didn't sleep much that night but I woke up hung over for the first time and a sobbing mess. Safe to say i cried a bunch the night before.I waited for my boyfriend to call(after all, I was gone with all of my stuff still there) but he didn't call. I called him at 3 pm and he had no recollection of the night before, and thought I was still over there in one of his friends room, mad at him. He hadn't left his computer chair from 8 am because he was so worried about what he did that he didn't know, all he could do was sit there in silence and throw up. He came and picked me up at my house and I told him what happened to which he could barely drive. We got home and he broke down sobbing, unable to fathom what happened, and he had absolutely zero recollection. He told me how much he loved me(first time) and apologized all day for hurting me.For some reason, I get scared when he touches me. We're working on it. My brain knows what happened was a one-time thing, he was just that drunk and he would never want to hurt me. He threw away all the alcohol in the house just because of how upset he was. I know him and I trust him, yet my body doesn't. He didn't get near me unless I told him to and I had him touch me more and more, but I still can't even be hugged. That night I slept over there and eventually he was able to lay down next to me but not wrap his arm around me. There's something about his arm around me that freaks me out. Anyone hugging me kind of scares me. I actually had to leave work today because I got scared from all the people. I'm not like that. I'm a very independent, strong, boisterous woman.I guess my question(s) is/are... Where do we go from here? Will it get better? How should I be reacting? I'm not devastated but if something triggers me I burst into tears. I feel... nothing at all. How should he be feeling? Will our relationship go back to normal? Any general.... advice? I feel guilty for still talking about it or being upset. I've learned every situation is unique but if anyone has been through something like this.. (e.x still dating the person that hurt them) what did yall do?
What if your counselor does not know what RAINN stands for?
Hi sorry if this is a little jumbled I'm kinda drunk but I really need some advice.My wife was raped a few weeks ago - she didn't want to push charges because she felt she couldn't go through with a trial if it came to that and that no one would believe her as this sack of shit is seen as a pillar of society in our town. Problem is we were trying for a baby during this time and so she wasn't on any birth control and her rapist didn't either and in the whole stress of coming home to me, tell me the situation and taking a million showers she forgot to take Plan B. Which leads us to our current problem - she's pregnant and we have no idea who is the biological father. She says if she knew for certain the father was her rapist she would abort immediately but doesn't want to on the off chance that it could be mine.So what do we do? Her rapist is always saying that he wants kids and a wife and he will definitely try to take this kid if he finds out it might be his, but wife doesn't want him to gain something from what he did to her but wants our baby so much. So please help us I will support any choices she makes fully.TL:DR Wife's pregnant father could be me or her rapist, what to do?  
I was sent here by /r/relationships, which feels kinda overwhelming but here it goes.To be clear: I wasn't completely unconscious or anything, I was the level of drunk where you can't walk in a straight line but you're not sumbling either. But apparently I was drunk enough not to realize some things happened until the next day. I also was super sleepy.Also: Sorry about my broken english.#**Some backstory**Jerry is the best friend of my best friend Liz [25F]'s husband Dan [27M] and we met at their wedding 5 years ago. Since the beginning Jerry said he was attracted to me and thus began some kind of joke among my friends (Liz, Dan and his and Jerry's other best friend, David) where he openly said he was "hopelessly" in love with me and everyone played along and said we'd someday end up together and all that. I never took any of this seriously and I've never felt attracted to him at all, we're oposite poles in many ways, he loves dark humor and makes the usual douchebag rape jokes, he's very much into politics, he's very religious and constantly makes mysogynist, racist and homophobic jokes, he also sleeps around a lot and proudly shares tons of stories of him being shitfaced and waking up next to some girl he doesn't even know. Basically I wouldn't like him at all if it wasn't because when together we all had lots of fun.Also, I was in a relationship since a year before Jerry and I met, a very abusive relationship that ended this year, so my ex and I were together for six years but none of my friends liked him so that only contributed to more jokes about leaving him for Jerry. I never really played along with this, just laughed at their jokes but always made clear I wasn't interested in Jerry *at all*. We only saw each other about once a month and never by ourselves.At first Liz (who knows Jerry better than I) told me not to take him seriously, he's like that with every girl, etc. Much later (last year, iirc) she implied he really likes me but "wouldn't even know what to do with you if you were together" and said he's like the dogs who bark and follow cars and don't know what to do once the car stops. She was drunk when she told me this and it came out of nowhere.Now since last year Dan and Liz live in Japan so David, Jerry and I haven't hanged out since then but Jerry and I sometimes chat on facebook about the few things we have in common (music, videogames) and we both work for the government so we often see each other in public events but just say hi, chat a bit and that's it.#**So last thursday...**The library I work in had a big event and I asked Jerry if he would come and he said yes, everyone at his office had been invited. Since he had been inviting me to "go eat sometime" that day I told him we could go somewhere after the event, he said yes.So he arrived with a couple of his friends/coworkers and we all (the guys, a (girl)friend of mine and I) went for burgers and beer. We drank and laughed and had a great time. Everyone started to leave and at the end it was just me, Jerry, one of his friends and my friend. Jerry didn't drink as much as he's used to cause he had to get up earlier than usual the next day. I drank more than I'm used to (I don't always drink alcohol but when I do, it's only a beer or two at most).The four of us take a cab and my friend and his friend are the first ones to be dropped at their houses (because they were the nearest to the bar we were in). I was super sleepy and dizzy so I fell asleep as soon as we got in the car. I woke up when his friend closed the cab's door, my head was on Jerry's chest and he had his arm around my shoulders. I told the driver my adress and Jerry told me to go to sleep again, pulling me towards his chest again. He kissed my forehead and when I looked up to him we started to kiss.We were kissing all the way from his friend's house to mine. I got out of the cab, he did the same and tried to kiss me again but I kissed his cheek, he hugged me, we said our goodbyes and I got into my house, got ready for bed and all that feeling half-asleep and dizzy and weird but conscious enough to brush and flush my teeth as always. I had a stupid drunk smile on my face when I remembered I had kissed a guy cause when you're 25 and had only kissed two guys in your life, this is a big dear-diary-worthy event, in case you didn't know.The next day my neck hurts, but not the way it does from sleeping in an uncomfortable position, it's a different kind of pain i had never felt. I'm confused about this but try not to think too much of it. Then I get a text from Jerry asking me if he "let any marks". I asked him what was he talking about and he said "From the bites. On your neck." I have no recollection of him biting me and there aren't any marks on my skin but it did hurt like I had been bitten hard. I tell him all of this (*no i don't have any marks and I don't remember you biting me*), he doesn't say anything about it.He just keeps trying to make conversation and I just felt weird as more details come back to my head, like he touched my legs a lot, groped my ladyparts and tried to slip his hand between my thights, only I kept my knees together. Then when I didn't spread my legs he grabbed one of my breasts.And it's weird because it's like I realized this happened while it was happening but my brain processed it until next day. ATM I somehow thought I *had to* keep my knees together, I felt in danger somehow (this probably sounds super stupid) and I wasn't sure I liked what was going on but I didn't push him away, just kept kissing him. As I said, I was conscious of all this until the next day.Now, I'm not used to making out with people I'm not in a relationship with. My ex was my first LTR, I lost my virginity to him and he's the only guy I've ever been with. Even though my friends always share their hook up stories with me and I'm perfectly ok with all that and I've been horny af for months, this makes me uncomfortable as fuck.Because he was just tipsy, he drank as much as I did (4 beers?) but he's used to drink way more than that. And I feel guilty because I know I wanted to kiss him (horny af, really). But I didn't want him to grope me, much less in a cab (I remember he didn't even try to be subtle about it so the driver wouldn't notice like my ex did when we made out in cabs), and way less when I was so drunk I didn't quite realize what was happening until the next day (but sober enough to think "I want to kiss him", tho).But maybe this is not a big deal. Maybe it's just something stupid we both did.I've told two friends about it separately and when I got to the part of him trying to put his hand between my legs both of my friends laughed in a "wtf" way but, still. They laughed. Maybe I am a prude after all cause I don't think it's funny at all.One of my friends said "To be fair, you really wanted to kiss him and you were super horny" and yes, I've acknowledge that since the beginning. It's not like I'm acussing him of rape, I wouldn't do that cause I know I'm partly responsible of what happened. I told her "Yes, but I *only* wanted to kiss him", her: "Well, he obviously did that to tell you he wanted something else" she meant sex, of course, to which I responded "Yeah, I get it but, in a cab?" she agreed that wasn't cool, at least.Other relevant thing (and one of the many reasons I never really wanted to date him) is Jerry tells everything, *everything* to Dave and Dan. And Dan tells everything to Liz. And Liz tells *everything* to Dan, yes, even those personal things I share with her.When I broke up with my boyfriend I told her (I don't post my life on facebook so very few people knew) right after, and the next day Jerry was asking me out already which I know it's not a coincidence. Basically since she's with Dan I can't tell her stuff I don't want everyone else to know. And I knew if I dated Jerry the other two guys would know every detail of what would happen between us.And this seems to be the case. They had a small conversation on the comments of a picture i shared on facebook (a silly picture of a bunny meeting George Takei posted), and they said something about "people with bad memory" and Jerry said something like "Apparently I'm the only one who always remembers everything" which might be about me not remembering exactly what happened. I'm not sure, I don't fucking do vaguebooking and I think it's stupid (my ex did it all the time). But I don't like feeling they're talking about me. Also, Dan never comments on anything I post.Meanwhile Jerry asked me to the movies and I don't know how to tell him no. I wont say yes, obviously, but the "Thanks but no :)" I've planned to say, in my friends opinion, sound unnecesarily harsh. I don't like to string people along, I never really flirted with this guy but he clearly thinks I'm interested.I also don't want to be mean or for my friends to think I was a bitch to him (since they claim he's in love with me or something, even though we haven't talked much and **seriously** we're nothing alike).I wanted to discuss this with Liz but, as i mentioned, she'd tell Dan right away and I don't want any of them making fun of me for being a prude and freaking out over something so dumb. **My questions here are: Is this really not a big deal? Is the response I have planned for him an acceptable one given the circumstances? If not, what should I tell him so he doesn't ask me out again?**I want to be reasonable and I'd hate to be unfair to him. I really wanted him to kiss him, I had thought before -while sober- about asking him to make out but in the end I decided not to. The kiss just happened and it's what I wanted, after all.He's not someone I fully trust, as you've seen. If I invited him to hang out after the event (and it wasn't just the two of us) was because i hadn't seen him in a long time and trough chat/when it's just the two of us talking he's actually very decent and funny though still not someone I'd want a relationship with. That night we had a good time because all of the guys were cool but he made a couple of his usual dumb comments.Now I'm thinking this all probably sounds stupid an unimportant but I already typed all of this so...---   #**tl;dr**: Friend I wanted to kiss (but whom I'm not interested in at all otherwise) kissed me. And groped me. I was drunk and he wasn't which is been bothering me, but others don't seem to think it was a big deal.  Don't really know what to do now.
Mine might be having a harder time than I am. I don't know what to do about it. I feel bad about ever telling him about it.
I was at a house party in Colorado where I consumed way too much alcohol and a large amount of weed (which is legal there). I was very drunk and was not able to make competant decisions. A woman (who was pretty sober at the time) talked me into staying the night when I was heading home by offering me a lift back next morning which eventually I agreed to (not knowing her intentions).She then asked me several times to go to bed with her. I schrugged off the question but she continued to ask me. I was throwing up but eventually I went in compleatly drunk of my head. I left shortly after when she followed me and asked me 'what are you doing? Come back to bed' so eventually I did. I consented to have sex but I can't remember much about it and I think I may have passed out halfway during it. Was I raped?I never went forward with court or anything. This happened about 6 months ago and I haven't been had a drink or any drugs since. I want to forget it ever happened because I would never had done something like that if I was sober.It hurts me to think that was my first time and still to this day I blame myself.Thanks :)
When I was 14 years old I had a 15 year old boyfriend. after about a year of dating I had some family issues going on and went to my boyfriends grandmothers house. After being there for about an hour, pretending to be joking, my "boyfriend" placed some handcuffs on my wrists. With his grandmother at home, he then proceeded to hold me down against my protests and take my virginity. At the age of 14 I did not know about acquaintance rape. rape was something some big stranger in an alley does, not someone who "loves" you. My home life was always chaotic, and my needs seemed to always fall on the back bburner.so discussing this at home was not an option. I continued to date my abuser. After being held down three times, and forced to perform oral sex multiple times, I became pregnant. After missing several periods and throwing up my mother finally noticed and we discussed my options. I was 15 years old and in no position or shape to care for me much less anyone else, I made the decision to abort. This is a decision I have not once in my life regretted. This decision is what gave me the strength to finally leave my abuser. After weeks of stalking he finally went away. Until he started dating other girls at my school.. ones who would tell me in the cafeteria that they "stole my man". Ones who I wanted to warn, but was not strong enough to tell the world my story. I couldn't deal with the constant pity. I've watched lifetime, there's no way I would make it through court. So I stayed silent. A year later I finally admitted to myself that it was rape, no way you could argue it. My "boyfriend" raped me multiple times. About a year after, another girl from my school informed me that he had knocked her up and bailed.. I still wonder if she was just a stronger person than I, lived the same experience, but was strong enough to keep her baby. After this it was some time since I heard his name, other than the random times my mother brings him up. Since she doesn't know the full story, I just grin and bear it on those occasions. Shortly after hearing from this girl I got a message from him on myspace, telling me about how I was the love of his life and any girlfriend he has had since me has known that and was terrified he'd leave them for me. About how he would never fully understand how I felt unless someone raped him.. those were his exact words. He knew what he did. He knew he raped me when he did it. He knew, but he didn't care! About five years after I finally left him, I built up enough courage to look him up on Facebook. I learned that he had moved several hours, and a state away. I could finally breathe... Until today. 13 years later. Thirteen years later, sitting on the couch with my husband, I'm scrolling through the local arrests. Across my screen is a face I could never forget, and now I can't breathe. He's back. He's back in my area. My family, husband included, still don't know my story... but maybe it could help you.
I've never told this to anyone. This happened 3 years ago after I had my first child. I wasn't raped, but I feel like I almost was I guess. So, I think this was about 6 weeks after I gave birth to my daughter. And I know my boyfriend was sexually frustrated as we hadn't had sex in a few months probably. I understand that. But I told him that I was not ready to have sex again yet because I was still in pain and still bleeding. I also had an episiotomy when I gave birth so I was generally just scared of having sex again... Probably for fear of "tearing the stitches" even though I knew they were already gone. I don't know. I just remember we were on the couch in the living room, and my boyfriend was saying that he just wanted to look down there to see if the stitches were gone but I didn't want him to because I felt gross and stuff. I was trying to tell him no but he just convinced me to I guess. So I let him look and he said the stitches were gone. But then he was hard and he was jusg trying to convince me to have sex with him, of course I kept saying no. This is where it gets harder for me to talk about. No, he didn't rape me as I already said. But he was hard and my pants were down, and I was saying no. And I just remember he was pushing my legs apart and I was saying no and trying to keep my legs closed because I did not want to have sex. After a couple minutes he gave up, but in that moment and the moments after I was really nervous and scared I guess. I really thought I was going to be raped. After that happened I kind of just forgot about it until a year or two later. My boyfriend never did anything like that before and has never done anything like that since. I don't think he is a bad person and I think at the time he did not realize what he was doing was scaring me or that it wasn't okay... I've never talked about that moment with him either. I doubt he would remember it, especially 3 years later. But there was one time this year that he asked me if I ever felt like he's raped me and I honestly said no. Sex has always been consenual between us, and that moment wasn't really rape, so I said no. I still get nervous when I remember it. I don't know what to call that. It wasn't rape. Am I overreacting? I'm sure to him he was just playing around and wouldn't have actually done it because I was saying no, but... The way I remember feeling and him trying to open my legs like that, while I was laying down and he was on top of me... It definitely does not feel like it was okay. I was saying no.
We were spending the night at my cousins house. My brother and I were very naive kids and this was our "cool", rich cousin. He and my brother were the same age, twelve at the time, I was eleven.I can't recall the whole night, but I remember we were in the tv room in the basement after his parents had gone to bed. He introduced us to cable porn the previous times we had stayed over. This time he forced my brother to have anal sex. I was there and I didn't do anything because I didn't know anything about sex, about what's right and wrong, and what to do in a situation like this.After he raped my brother (who didn't fight back either, this cousin was much stronger than both of us put together) this cousin came over and pushed me on the ground and straddled me. I remember bucking to push him off and that's all I can remember from that night.This memory comes back to me every couple of month and it makes me want to kill my cousin. It also makes me wonder how my brother remembers it? Is it affecting him in any way? Or does he have a mental block and doesn't even think about it and me bringing it up will bring back memories and feelings he had forgotten about?I don't know what I'm saying or asking, sorry for the brain dump. This is the first time I've shared this with anyone
**Update** I DON'T UNDERSTAND REDDIT FORMAT, SO MUCH FRUSTRATION. The trial happened, it went terribly. My prosecutor forgot my name, when I got there I was told I could say something to the court, since I didn't know this prior I had nothing planned and was already flustered so I didn't say anything. On the other hand his lawyer had a planned statement, skipped over 99% of the evidence and told the court that since I had been raped before and not pressed charges that I was obviously just trying to screw my ex boyfriend over. I wish I had time to write something more succinct that wasn't quite as emotional. I also wish that I had been told what the purpose of the statement was, I wasn't sure if I was supposed to say how I felt or try and convince the judge to not accept the plea. I'm pretty unhappy to say the least about the whole case. I edited the text to what I turned in. I took a lot of your suggestions and I am really grateful for all the last minute help. &nbsp;I'm really desperate for help. Earlier today I was told that without my consent they were changing my felony rape charges down to a misdemeanor and a $250 fine and that court is today (Wednesday). I had absolutely no idea or warning that this would happen. I usually give myself more time to write something so serious, and I've been distraught and messed up all day and I don't want to ruin it with any stupid typos or something that doesn't make sense. I'm just desperate, it's late, and I have 8 hours before court and I need to sleep. K is the rapist, and E is the state attorney &nbsp;Dear Judge S, &nbsp;Yesterday morning, I was told that after two years of waiting, my rapists sentence would be reduced to a mere $250 fine and misdemeanor charge. Two years of lost time and anguish has been consolidated to two days worth of pay. I was then given a couple hours to decide if I wanted to write a letter addressing how I felt about that decision. This has given me roughly twelve hours to try to fully express myself, and I am at a loss for words. I apologize if this isn’t my best writing, as I was given no notice that I had to write it. If I had to find anything positive to say, it would be that at least it is consistent treatment to what I have endured the past two years by the county justice system. &nbsp;I was told the reason for not going through with the felony charges were as follows. I consented to kiss him, I agreed to sleep over, that I had admitted to his defense attorney that I had been raped before, and that I changed into sleep wear. I was under the impression that what you wear, consenting to kiss, and being a former rape victim were not relevant to whether or not you were raped. I was told repeatedly that I did not have substantial evidence to sway a jury. This is despite the fact that K. on three separate occasions admitted to having sexual contact with me without my consent. Not just to me over text messages that the court has access to, but also to detective in person, on tape. &nbsp;Time and time again county has tried to deter me from this trial. I was told repeatedly by my original victims advocate that I didn’t have enough evidence and should just drop the case. After a year of waiting for the case to be filed, the office was interviewed and asked why it took so long and they stated they were too busy. I was told again last week that my case was low priority because E had so many other cases. I think it’s clear that the county would rather E have 399 cases going on right now, than to actually put any effort into presenting my case. I was told that they were too worried about my mental state to go through the trial, despite not giving them any reason to believe so. I was under the impression that a legal trial should proceed despite the fact that it’s difficult. By accepting this plea bargain you are telling men and women everywhere that they aren’t strong enough to handle court, and that and that they don’t deserve any justice due to their assumed weakness. By accepting this plea bargain, it sets a precedent that rape is accepted in America. The nation was recently shocked and outraged when Brock Turner only received six months of jail time. I guarantee that that same reaction will be heartfelt when every reporter in this court room reports that the convicted sexual offender is getting zero jail time, and little to no punishment beyond that. &nbsp;In the past two years, I have been attending initial entry training for the Army. In the middle of basic rifle marksmanship I had the state telling me I couldn’t handle a trial. I almost failed out of basic training because of the stress caused. I had to completely restart advanced individual training due to all of the counseling appointments that I needed. I lost 17 weeks of my life to go back through Army training. I’m sure everyone can imagine, basic training isn’t a great time, and to have to restart any of it was heartbreaking. I lost thousands of dollars during those months making below minimum wage, and it delayed my return to school by a full year. These are the tangible consequences of K’s actions, not including the emotional trauma that I’ve endured. &nbsp;Today, if the plea agreement goes through. I know that anything more would be a steep price to pay for 20 minutes of action, that me being raped is worth roughly $250. Finally that anyone in this room with a daughter, sister, mother, or friend will potentially have their loved ones neighbors with k as the state couldn’t be bothered with putting him a on sexual offenders registry. 
When I first started dating my ex,  I was reluctant about sex because I wasn't on birth control and I was molested as a kid,  which has made me less trusting of partners.He waited a while, but when we first had sex I told him I didn't want to have sex and  then after making out, suddenly he was inside me. I freaked and he pulled out, but started coercing me to have sex with him while he was still on top of me. He refused to use a condom because he swore he couldn't feel anything. It was awful, I didn't want it and I just stopped trying to stop him. There was a pregnancy scare. I was a mess.But, I stayed with him. For reasons that defy logic and something worse happened. He started violently choking me during intercourse. He was hurting me with the thrusts and I couldn't breathe. I couldn't do anything and I think I briefly lost consciousness.That one I'm more certain about.But I still feel responsible because I stayed with him.
So my gf was raped a year ago and I went through severe PTSD where I couldn't sleep through the night for a month. I never saw a therapist - I know that was bad, but didn't feel up to the challenge of finding one, driving there, and talking with a stranger. My girlfriend worked with me through it (and I worked her through it) and I've been doing a lot better and the last few weeks was feeling happy again. But then I got a jury duty summons. Not just any jury duty summons, but grand jury duty summons which means I have to go there two days a week for FOUR MONTHS. Unlike a normal summons where you get a case, in grand jury duty you go through hundreds of cases but you are only the first round of the trial so you're not deciding innocent or guilty.Since getting it I've been dealing with a PTSD attack. I'm functional, but only slept for four hours, can't think of anything else, have crying jags every half hour or so, and am having trouble enjoying anything. I'm thinking of going to a therapist this time but I know that might take a few weeks. My main concern is that I'll have to deal with rape trials, I may end up hearing calls of women being raped and things like that. This leads to two strong thoughts that are causing my PTSD. The first is that I am being forced to deal with rape under threat of jail, and it's feeling like sexual abuse to me even though I understand the reason behind jury duty. I went through emotional (not sexual) abuse as a kid with my dad, and the defining moment was when he said "you don't have a choice" and I said "I do have a choice". Well with this I don't, and I'm associating that with the helplessness of rape. The second is that I'm legally forbidden from talking about the details of what I hear, EVEN WITH A THERAPIST under threat of jail. I feel so helpless right now. To make it worse it's during the trip where I was planning to meet my gf in person for the first time - we've been in a long distance relationship (she's South Africa, I'm US) for the last few years and we're planning to marry soon and meeting in person is the last big hurdle before the paperwork begins. I might be able to get a two week vacation during the jury duty, I might not. I hadn't bought the plane tickets yet as we're still firming the dates up, the trip is being planned for December, when both her parents and grandparents will be at a place that's easier for me to visit.I could try to get out of jury duty but I know that isn't easy. I'm not going to lie about having prejudices or anything, especially because my gf will be going through the fiancee K1 visa process soon with me and I don't want any perjury marks on my record. I don't have a medical record of having PTSD or a therapist currently. I also have a form to fill out due in a few days where I have to tell them if I want out of jury duty, the only reason that would fit would be the reason of "mental illness" that would have to be backed by a doctor's note. I'm currently thinking of saying I don't have any mental illness, trying to explain to the judge in September in private when I'm there and if I have to just get through it. But it feels like I'm being forced into four months of dealing with rape where I can't even talk about the details to a therapist just as I'm trying to heal. Thanks for any thoughts, I might not get back to anyone in the next several hours, going to try and get sleep so I can drive safely tomorrow.Edit: So I called the phone number and waited about 20 minutes to reach a live person. I explained to her that I was really concerned, told her that my girlfriend was raped a year ago and since then I have trouble dealing with those kinds of things, and that since I had received the summons I had been crying constantly. She immediately said "yeah grand jury duty would be very intense for you" and changed it to a petit jury duty summons (the normal kind) without me even asking. Doing far better, and I'm very grateful for that person's kindness and understanding.
Over the past year, my husband has begun to "take advantage of me" in my sleep.I usually don't wake up until actual penetration occurs.And then ... it's horrifying ... to abruptly regain consciousness with the realization that someone is inside me. I say someone, because in those first few moments all that registers is that I'm being violated, and instinctually I fight back. As the fog of sleep starts to clear, my next realization is that this is my *husband*, but that realization is deeply disturbing. This is the person that I should love and trust the most ... and he's willingly, repeatedly, putting me into this situation. His opinion is that I'm overreacting. To be honest, I have no idea what a "normal" reaction would be. Did something happen in my past that I don't consciously remember? Or was it enough to be drugged once, and drug down an alley once, were those events enough to trigger such a strong reaction? Or is this just a completely normal reaction to waking up and being penetrated?I don't know, but I wish he could experience the panic and terror of what it feels like, just for one moment, and he would never do it again. He stops immediately when I tell him to stop, but by then the damage is already done.I wonder how many times I *haven't* woken up. I think I'd feel very differently if he was trying to wake me up in a sexy way, but it seems more like he's deliberately trying not to wake me. It's creepy ... when I do wake up and see him working at my panties, trying to move them just enough to do what he wants, and then he realizes I'm not sleeping anymore, and he freezes up. He says things sometimes that also make me wonder, like how he loves it when I drink, because I'll sleep through almost anything ...My opinion is - and I've told him bluntly - that I do not want him to ever do it again. I've made it clear that married or not, sex needs to be consensual, and I cannot consent if I'm asleep, and that I absolutely DO NOT give him my consent EVER if I am asleep. He knows how I feel, and he continues to do it anyway. And I don't know what else to say to him to make him understand.  
When we started our relationship we were exploring slowly as we were both virgins and began childish stuff such as handjobs and fingering then oral sex. At one point I had just invited him over to come over and hang out as we only ever had sexual interactions when he was over. That day I told him I wasn't feeling like being touched that day and I offered to give him a bj if he really wanted one. And so I did and he said he was leaving in a few minutes afterward and then he was like I'm going to touch you and shoved his hands down my panties and I grabbed it and backed up and got the the point where I was literally on the floor in a corner of my room with him hovering over me and I hit him and then he got all hurt and was like 'I was just joking' then he walked out. A few months later he was over and I told him when he got here I wasn't trying to have sex. We had gotten to sex maybe a month before this night. And I didn't want to because we didn't have protection and so he started making out and I told him no because it would lead to us fucking and he said it wouldn't so when he was taking off his pants and my top I told him I didn't want to and his penis was at my entrance and he was pressuring me like why would you get this far with me and say no and other things and so I just said okay because I was afraid of being raped. So I'm not sure if it was rape because I consented at the last second?? It's been six months since then and he cares for me so much I'm not sure what to do.
I'm not sure what to do. It was already so hard to go through the process of retelling and retelling my story so it could be documented. It was hard to give up his name because it felt like I had power over what was happening when I knew his name. Writing it down broke my heart because I had to remember his face. I know I couldn't just expect him to say "oh yup yeah I raped her" but he's saying it wasn't rape. That the night is very different than I remember it.   I said "I don't want to" so many times over and over. I curled up in a ball that night. I couldn't think or eat properly for a week after. I got angry at random people. I was in a daze. I've had panic attacks and I'm nervous when I see someone that looks like him. I wake up some mornings with my heart pounding out of my chest.I have messages of the next day when I texted him that "I felt very pressured" and he said he didn't know what got into him and that "FFS I dont remember what happened". I sent this into the lawyer. I just feel like there are so many things that should support my case but I'm worried the university will fall in favour of believing a guy who thinks he didn't do it. I think thats the issue with a lot of rapists is they don't believe that they raped the person. My rape wasn't malicious or violent. I was very very drunk. It was just a string of me saying I didn't want to and him coercing me and then touching me and eventually me touching him because I wanted it all to stop.
As reddit kindly calculated, 202 days ago early (1 am) on New Years Day I had whatever happened to me happen. I went out to get anther beer, and in the stairwell on my way out a guy started following me out. He started asking me sexual questions, which I half-heartily answered. When I got outside and to the cooler, he started making out with me and pulled his d*** out and started encouraging me to suck it (which I did briefly). Shortly after, he helped me get my d*** out (yea I'm a guy) and began to stroke my dick.That's it. I got up and ran away (probably stumbled away but it felt damn fast in my head). Neither of us came. As I was running away he said " I swear to God Bill (not my name) I will fucking kill you if you ever tell anyone about this!"I blew it off at the time as some really huge mistake I made in getting motherfucking hammered on new years eve, but I can't help but feel hurt by the guy (boyish man, we're both 19) that did this to me.Here's the post I made on January 1st ish, recalling the events.***START QUOTE***"New Year's Eve was a night that I can hardly remember, but I will never forget. I am a college Freshman, home on break and attended a party hosted by my high school prom date. I was heavily intoxicated by midnight, as I had been drinking since 7 pm. After we rang in the new year, I went outside to get another beer from the cooler. On the way out, another guy I knew from high school came with me and casually asked me if I had ever done anything sexually with another man, and I replied no. Next thing I knew he had his cock out and helped me get mine out. He began stroking mine and asked me while I wasn't doing the same to him. Next, he began to give me a blowjob, and stopped after a brief moment, and convinced me to do the same to him, for a very brief moment (less than 5 seconds). Then my mind caught up with what was happening, and I instantly ran back inside. I never came, and nor did he (i believe that he may have stood outside and masturbated though).I immediately got inside and told a friend that I had screwed up major, and that we would need to meet and talk soon, but not while I was drunk out of my mind, on the verge of passing out.We met and I told him the entire story, and saying it out loud made me realize how I feel taken advantage of. I don't think I can call it sexual assault or rape, but I feel taken advantage of by someone I knew. I experienced great feelings of shame, and now find myself questioning my manhood, amid many other strange feelings.I did not resist him until I ran away from the situation, and do not know why I allowed myself to participate in the act. I know it may not have had the sexual acts finished, but they may have well have been, as I am still emotionally distraught.I know it is completely my fault for putting myself in a position where I would not be able to properly take care of myself, and I know that that greatly contributed to me allowing the night to progress the way it did, but I still feel hurt that someone I know would lead me to do something which I was not and am not ok with. He was familiar with the fact that sexual activity was something that I was saving for my future wife and that I was a virgin.Do you think that I am right in thinking that at a minimum I was taken advantage of in my drunken state, or am I making it all up in my head?"***END QUOTE***I still feel hurt. I told one close friend about what happened in January, and we haven't spoke since, not because he didn't believe me or anything, I think I overloaded his circuitry so to say.I have been seriously considered getting some professional help, but feel like I will be laughed out of the session because my problems are so petty compaired to everyone else's, I didn't get hurt, I'm not in immediate danger, and I didn't get an STD.Wow this was way too long but I feel like I'm falling apart, but I want to stop falling apart.
need to tell my story. i'm still working through what happened. i've tried many times to write it down, but each time i can't get through to the end. a few weeks ago i went to a party with a few of my friends. we partied, did shots, i took a few xanax. by 1:30, the party had broken up and i was supposed to walk home with two friends of mine. while i was on the phone with my mom, they left without me. it was a few blocks away from home and i made my way home by myself. i was too drunk to walk straight, too drunk to talk coherently, i couldn't even walk in my heels so i had to take them off. a car pulled up by the side of the road and a man inside told me to get in. i got in. i asked him to drive me home and i didn't tell him my address, just the street name. he told me we should get drinks and drove me to a bar. he asked if i'd been drinking, and i said yes. i had to stop the car to throw up on the side of the road. i remember that he laughed.he took me to a bar and bought me a drink. i had a sip, maybe. i told him i had to go home and said i'd walk. he steered me towards his car and said no, that it was too dangerous, i should let him drive me. you'd think i'd know better than to get in the car with a 37 year old stranger at 2 am. he drove me to my street. i thanked him for driving me and he began to kiss me, grab my breasts, touch me. i didn't resist but told him i had to go home, that i needed to leave. he said 'no, come on'. i opened the door and he pulled it closed. he fingered me and went down on me. throughout it i kept saying i had to go home. afterwards i took a photo of him with my cell phone so i could identify him the next day.i'm only 16. i can't shake how horrible i feel, how scared i am to be outside in the daylight, how i keep checking the face of every man to make sure it's not him. i also can't shake the memory of how i didn't say no or resist. i was drunk. i got into his car. i'm ashamed to say i flirted with him. i'm posting here because i need to say this somewhere. i know i wasn't raped, i'm not trying to say i was. i just know that something happened i wasn't happy with. i just needed to write this out.
Has anyone experienced this, getting sexually assaulted, realizing it months/years later, and then feeling like one just went through a time machine as if time went by and one was on autopilot mode?
Hey everyone. I was beaten and raped by a past boyfriend almost two years ago. I figured out pretty quick that if he looked mad, I was about to get hit. Now, all this time later, I still have trouble trusting people and I get terrified of I'm around any guys who look angry at all. Loud noises still startle me and I can't have anything around my face at all. The problem is, one of my super close friends is a guy and I trust him with my life, but if he looks the slightest bit angry I get scared. He says that I look like I think that he's about to hit me, and I think he's right. Is there any way I can get past this? I've tried counseling and all for various problems I've had (without bringing up what was causing the problems. ) I don't know what to do. I'm still stuck in the same town where my rapist lives and he comes into my workplace sometimes, but I'm trying my best to move on. What can I do?
My husband did a really stupid thing, and we had a fight and he went to bed at like midnight.  I decided to have a drink and then take a walk to calm myself down.  I live in a fairly ok neighborhood, and walked home from work at like 1-2-3 a.m. for almost a decade and nothing bad or even slightly creepy ever happened to me.I walked down the normal street I take when I take a walk, and noticed there were two men also walking on the other side of the street.  There are apartments, and, again, I'd never had anything bad happen to while I was a little guarded I didn't feel unsafe.  Plus, with the PokemonGo thing I know there are a lot more people walking around all hours of the day now.I continued walking, but they crossed the street and turned toward me.  I picked up the pace, but they overcame me and started talking and saying some really disgusting things.  I tried to walk faster and get somewhere with a little bit more light but one of them grabbed my arm and the other told me I had better not yell or they'd hurt me.I was pushed into an alleyway and groped and attacked.  Only one penetrated me, then they pushed my head against the building hard enough to make me see stars and then they left while I was regaining my senses.  I sat there and cried for a long time before I walked home and showered and went to bed.In the morning my husband's stupid thing ended up becoming a REALLY stupid and awful thing, and I felt like I couldn't say anything because I should have called the police, and now I think my husband will think I am lying in order to make him feel even worse.I called the rape hotline last night and also talked to a friend but I still haven't told my husband and I don't know how.  I feel SO STUPID.  I didn't fight back.  I didn't call the police.  I just went home and went to sleep.I am going to Planned Parenthood on Monday but other than that I just don't know what to do.  I am pretty sure the one that penetrated me used a condom because I didn't feel any semen but I don't know.  I feel so awful and like I'm lying to my husband every second I don't tell him. But I don't know how to tell him.I know this is disjointed.  I'm sorry.
I was at a party and and this girl spiked my drink. I was dizzy and I remember nothing about it but I woke up next to her naked in bed.  She took pictures of us doing things and in the pictures you could see I was half unconscious, it was like I was a fucking zombie  I went and I got tested at the hospital. I had traces of roofies in my system. I asked the hospital if I could call the police and they told me to go to them. When I got there it was this old police officer and he told me I have no proof that this happened. He told me I could have taken the drug, it could have been a prank, it could have been meant for the girl. Basically he told me there was nothing he can do. I spoke to this girl and she told me she deleted the pictures she took of us. My friends told me even though they saw me barely legless and I was acting strange and was falling all over her, They don't think anything of it because I got laid by a " hot chick". My sisters are telling me it was probably for her and I " saved her" from being drugged. I don't know what to do   
This is a cross-post from the PTSD subreddit too.My fiancee broke up with me, I'm devastated, and my main support is gone now. I've never dated before while having PTSD/trauma. How does that work? Mine is related to sexual trauma so it will definitely interfere with my future partners.If you have PTSD, when do you guys divulge you have it? How soon is too soon? How late it too late? I want to wait until we have a connection so I'm not sharing something really personal with strangers all the time, but at the same time I don't want them to think I was lying by omission.In regards to sexual trauma, do you just say you have a traumatic past and need to avoid x, y, z things when it comes to sex? When do you have that talk? How do you even go about it?In your experience, do a lot of people leave you once they know?How do you trust someone new with that kind of information? I would ordinarily not tell people, but I need to before having sex. So I would obviously be sharing something out of necessity as opposed to want.Those with sexual trauma, do your triggers reemerge with new partners? A lot of my triggers went away but I don't know if that was because I trusted my ex-fiancee so much that he was able to do those sexual things or because they actually went awayHas anyone been able to find love with PTSD and/or after sexual trauma? I thought I had, but then he left. So I don't know if its possible anymore.
Hey everyone. I didn't really know who to ask for help, but I figured reddit might be a good place to start.My friend, lets call her Jessica, was having a fun night of drinking with her friends. The night got a little strange because a friend in the group, lets call him Doug, left the drinkery to get cigs and didnt come back. The party of people eventually gave up on his return and went to one of the party's house, lets call him Eric.Lets call the rapist John. John, Eric, Jessica, and another friend, lets call him Bob, were hanging out at Eric's place when Bob needed a ride home. Doug eventually caught up with the group and was mad because they had left him, so he refused to help Bob and left. Eric asked John to do it, but John refused. Eric inevitably had to take Bob home, but he trusted John and left him there with Jessica as she was sleeping in Eric's bed due to her heavy drinking.When Eric got home, Jessica was awake. John eventually left and Jessica immediately told Eric that John had raped her while Eric was driving Bob home.Here is the problem. Jessica is on probation for drinking. It's her last few weeks. If she goes to the police, she will have to admit to her probation violation and face undoubted jail time. So is John just going to get away with raping Jessica? What can she do?**TL:DR**:Drunk friend on probation for drinking was raped and can't go to the police without admitting to her probation violation and going to jail. It seems like the rapist will get away with his crime.Edit: Formatting
I have an incredible relationship with an incredible man. He's kind, caring, college educated, has a great job, comes from a wonderful family. We have the perfect relationship. Unfortunately I have a huge secret. About 2 years ago, in college, I was sexually assaulted in the apartment of a study partner. I did not tell a soul what happened. I got tested and then tried to bury the memories. Well I can't have him to propose to me, and marry him without telling him about this huge part of my life. After a year I finally told someone, a therapist. He has encouraged me to come clean to my bf and my parents. I am so scared. How will he react? What if he sees me as used goods? How could he have sex with me again, or look at me without thinking that another man had been there? What if he thinks I cheated and am covering my tracks? What if I lose the love of my life? 
If he were just an ex boyfriend, I would be happy for him. But, he raped me when I didn't want to have sex anymore; dumped me for another girl, then asked me to “date” again when things didn’t work out with her just to have sex. I said no, of course. Stalked me for a while although I didn’t know it was stalking at the time, though it was in my head. Exams day came and I hung out with him since there was no classes and I didn’t have a car back in high school, so we went to his house. He raped me, after taking my clothes off and pinning me down. I was afraid I would have looked like some psycho ex that tried to break in if I left marks fighting him off so I just... gave up. Even after the rape he stalked me more, even prank calling me off weird numbers because he was mad I had a boyfriend after high school. It’s 8 years later and I’m still mad it happened, throughout each day I go over in my head what ifs. Was too afraid to report the rape in the first place because of course police will look at the fact he dumped me and not believe the second part. On one hand, I am happy he found someone steady after going through a string of girls over the last 8 years... but on the other hand, I am mad he gets to move on like the rape didn't even happen. According to a mutual friend he likes to do “surprise sex” on girls he dates, telling people no one says no to him even after he starts. I’m mad if that’s true, that no one is reporting it. I’m mad that the ones who were told he’s a rapist are still okay with that. I’m sad that he get to move on while I have to deal with the what ifs... like what if I fought to my full potential and got away.
Note: All names are changed, and most if not all places aren't exactly those either.Okay, let's begin:I was seventeen. I had just decided to take part in a month-long program that sends young Taiwanese people (ages 16-30) from the US, England, South Africa, and Australia to Taiwan to teach English. In the program, people are put into groups. There were six people in my group - three girls and three guys. The girls I'll call Sarah and Nora (and me), the guys Nathan, David, and James. For teaching, we were paired up: Sarah and Nathan, Nora and David, and then James and me.I grew super close to Sarah and Nora before the program even started, because we all friended each other on facebook and talked constantly. Our friendships grew stronger once we met, probably because we were with each other 24/7. Early on, I noticed that Sarah had self-esteem issues. Although she was tall and slender and worked out constantly, she would joke that she was fat...even though she was anything but. She also commented on her own ugliness, mentioning that she looked plain and all guys who saw her face saw it too. Nora, on the other hand, was very confident in her own body image. She often wore shorter (okay, so like mid-thigh) skirts and tank tops, and was the make-up guru of our group. Me, on the other hand... well, I'm obviously overweight, short, and an extreme introvert.  But even though we were so different, us girls were still really close. At night, when we were all lying in bed, we'd talk about the guys. We all agreed that James was really nice, David obnoxious, and Nathan just flat out strange. We didn't talk too loudly though, because the guys were rooming just next door, and when the windows were open, they could just stop outside, look in, and listen.In the beginning, Nathan was really helpful. He'd help us clean up, carrying six chairs while I could barely manage with the one. When us girls were heading upstairs, and stopped by a vending machine, Nathan bought our drinks. Nora and I were actually a little jealous of Sarah, because she got the good guy. But it was fine because we all spent a lot of time with one another. Every night, we'd stay up late playing cards in the guys' room. We'd all be in pjs - me in an over-sized grey shirt and boxer shorts, Sarah in a workout shirt and yoga pants, and Nora in a lacy tank top with light, almost translucent cotton shorts. During the third night of the second week, I started noticing something a little strange. Nathan would just watch Nora. A couple times, he'd pull a blanket over his legs, just so it'd cover his stomach. In Taiwan, especially in the summer, it's crazy hot. So I don't think he was cold.But I didn't think that much then. Nora didn't seem to notice, and so I just sort of pretended not to notice either. Sarah was really tired, so she went back to the girls' room to sleep. After another half an hour of me subtly watching Nathan ogle Nora, I decided to just convince Nora to leave, which was easy enough. When we left, I quietly told Nora what I had noticed, and she said she would observe the next night. When Nathan's ogling Nora happened again, we decided to just tell the guys that we were tired, and we were going to go to bed. Sarah had been really quiet the whole time we were in the guys' room, and we thought she was just tired. When the three of us were lying in bed, Nora and I thought she fell asleep. Nora rolled over and whispered, "I don't like him looking at me like that... can we stay here tomorrow night?" I agreed. And then we heard Sarah murmur, "I hate Nathan." When we asked her why, she rolled over and refused to talk. And so the next night, we didn't go to the guys' room. We told them that we were tired, and were just going to hang out and do "girl stuff." I remember that the windows were open because it was super hot, and that Nora was smoothing lotion on her legs. The straps of her tank top were a bit too long, so they had slipped down her arm. There was a little flash, which was strange, but we thought it was just the lights flickering. Over the next few days, we allowed James and David into our room to use the wifi (our wifi was much better because the router was in our room) but just sort of ignored Nathan.It was around this time that Sarah confided in me that Nathan had been calling her fat, which she really wasn't. And then, because Sarah's Mandarin had a bit of an "American" accent, Nathan called her stupid. He encouraged the students to call her "Dumbass Teacher" as a "joke" and would kick the chairs out from under her whenever she tried to sit down. Another day, Sarah, Nora, and David went on a sunrise hike at 3:30 AM. By 8:00 PM that night, Sarah and Nora had crashed, and for some reason, James and Nathan decided to hang out in the girls' room tonight. When they walked in, I dropped what I was doing, and hurried to cover both Nora and Sarah with blankets. Nora's tank top had slipped down quite a bit (oops...) and I made sure to tuck the blanket under her chin. But I turned my back on the Nathan to talk to James about our lesson plan, and by the time I turned around, Nathan was re-tucking in Nora. Internally I was freaking out. What had just happened?! I kicked him out of the room immediately but was too afraid to say anything to anyone. Even through all that, I kept my trap shut... The last straw was when we were walking around and Nathan kept trying to walk right behind Nora. I pushed in front of him to stay in between the two, and Sarah hung behind. Nathan was using his camera, erratically snapping photos. However, Sarah watched him aim his camera at people's butts... specifically Nora's and...mine. When we returned to where we were staying, Sarah updated us and was able to get David to distract Nathan. James, who had by now noticed Nathan's sexual behavior, helped us fetch Nathan's SD card, and when we plugged it into my computer and scrolled through it, I wanted to cry.I didn't know HOW he had gotten these photos. There were photos of other girls showering...a couple photos I recognized as myself... Photos of male genitalia, of Nora's chest, of her bare shoulders, recognizable by her tank tops. There were photos of my butt, of Nora's butt, of my chest. Even though I didn't want to, I copied all the photos off the SD card and saved them in a flash drive. We secretly returned the card to Nick's camera and resolved to wait until we were back and could talk to the program heads... I really really wish we didn't wait.I realize saying this will make me seem like a horrible horrible person... but I never thought it was going to be me. Nora was much more attractive and friendly, and Sarah tall and slender, and I was just fat and short. But that night, around 1:30 AM, I went to go shower, having Sarah nearby to stand watch. Somehow, she was drawn away...but I didn't know. The shower door opened, and Nathan came in, immediately wrapping his hand over my mouth and nose. I heard his harsh whisper: "Scream and I can do so much worse."I bit his hand and he grabbed me tighter, the other arm wrapping around my flailing body. I was sobbing, the warm shower still going, and I could feel what he was doing to me. It was so loud and I wondered desperately why nobody could hear me. It felt like forever, but finally, Nathan dropped me on the hard shower floor and stepped out of the shower. I lay there, bruised, in my own blood and who knows what else, until I realized that Nora was probably alone in our room. I stumbled to my feet and rinsed myself off, before stepping out.The bastard had taken my towel. I dried myself off with paper towels, and then got dressed again. I returned to our room, and Sarah returned a couple hours later. I know because I was still up. She smelled drunk, and went to sleep almost immediately. I couldn't look at her. I left the room, and went to the lobby to contact the program heads. They called the police, who told me that there was nothing they could do, and they could take my clothes as evidence. I numbly changed, and gave them what I was wearing. They did a rape kit as well, and although I'm sure they were trying to be gentle, I was so tender. I gave them the photos as well. After, I couldn't talk to anyone. The program ended a couple days later and I flew back home alone.When I got home, I ended up calling the police station in the city that Nathan lives in, and reporting my rape. They thanked me for the information and told me they'd keep me updated...then hung up on me with no request for my contact info. As of today, the only people who know of what happened are my parents, the police in Taiwan, the program heads, and Nick. My parents blamed me. They told me I shouldn't have been showering at that time. Had there been more people in the showers, I wouldn't have been raped. And that's true, it's my fault for procrastinating. I cried myself to sleep for months after. I felt so unclean. Driving myself to a public health clinic for a STD screening and pregnancy test was so lonely. When everything came back negative, I just felt so disappointed. There was no reason to end my life, or keep on living. And then I never heard anything back about the police reports. Nathan got away scot-free.And now, if you've read all the way down here, you know my story as well. I didn't think it was going to happen to me. But it can happen to anyone. I never wore anything shorter than "short-sleeved" and no bathing suits. All my shorts went to the knee, or else I wore capris. I tried my best to be "conservative" and I still got raped. So I must have done it wrong or something. It's been a year since it happened and it keeps replaying in my mind and I just want it to end. I don't want to do anything drastic to myself... I just wanted to talk to someone, but I can't stand to see the pity on people's faces. And talking is hard. I'm sorry this post is so long and if you made it this far, I just want to say thank you for reading and listening. I'm heading off to college in a week or so (summer school) and I'm terrified something like this will happen again.
About a year ago I had a sexual experience that wasn't very pleasant. I'm still trying to really understand what happened and what should do about it, if anything.I'm just going to try and write out the bare facts. Forgive me if I'm terse.I [27M] hooked up with another guy [30something-M] I met on a dating app. Went over to his place, he immediately wanted sex. I hadn't had sex in about three months or so - I don't seek it very often, because I'm quite anxious about being able to perform, and I guess I don't generally feel very attractive or sexually able. I only lost my virginity a little while ago - in fact, for much of my twenties, I thought I was asexual. It took me a long time to realize I was gay.Anyway. He wanted to top me; I assented. It was a bit fast, and I wasn't sure I felt ready, but I agreed all the same. I didn't feel all that attracted, but felt obliged to go ahead all the same, because I have sex so little, and that makes me feel like a failure in a lot of ways. He was very full on, but I just played along. I don't really know why. There wasn't really any foreplay, he just got on and did his thing. Stupidly, I let him start to penetrate me without a condom on. I don't know what I was thinking - I suppose I just assumed that we would 'warm up' first.So off we go for a few minutes. It's really uncomfortable and I'm not happy at all, but I don't really say much. He starts speeding up. Now I realize he's serious, so I ask if he can stop and put a condom on. He doesn't respond. I ask again. He won't. I ask a third time (I think - it all seemed to happen very quickly). He tells me he doesn't have one, continuing all the while. I ask him to stop again, and he refuses. He says he can't. I try pushing him off but he pushes me back down and tells me to just wait a couple of minutes. I tell him no, but he doesn't stop, all the same.I don't know why, but I just silently accepted it and let him continue. This was a foolish thing to do, because once he's off, he shows me that he's come. He makes an excuse about work and disappears. I am now very scared of STIs. I go to the hospital and get a post-exposure prophylaxis kit to hopefully mitigate the risk of HIV. I try contacting him about his sexual health status, but he is flaky about taking another test. He tells me he loves me. I block him. I take my truvada and raltegravir for a month and turn out HIV negative. I have not had penetrative sex since. I have not wanted penetrative sex since.I know that I was very stupid for letting him start without a condom. I know I could have said 'no' more times. I don't know how to make sense of this.
9 1/2 tears ago when my son was in my belly I was anally raped. He told me to just take it. It was my fault. And I believed him. And I didn't think anyone would believe me in that tiny town cause his daddy had a Lotta money. I don't think of it every day, but I can't forget. Will I ever leave it behind? I still have flash backs. I still have times I hate being touched and I have a wonderful husband. I still remember him. And it hurts like hell. How do I make it stop?
So I'm 20 years old and I have never been in a relationship, and I know that this can be a normal thing, but I have recently been thinking about why. When I was about 7 years old, I was sexually assaulted by my babysitter's son, and my mom blamed me for it. I know she did not mean to; it's just because we are from a pretty conservative Indian family. She was upset that I let him take advantage of me, but as a child, I did not know what was happening. I was pretty naive, and I always wanted to make people happy. Since my mom confronted me about it, we have not spoken about it ever, but it has affected me in many ways. I am afraid to trust a guy because I am afraid I will get taken advantage of again, and I don't know how to trust someone. I keep myself pretty closed off to everyone, and I don't have emotional connections with anyone. It never occurred to me until recently when a guy started asking me really personal questions that no one had ever asked me before, and I did not know how to answer them or whether I should. I've closed myself off for so many years that I feel like I've lost myself. What should I do? Sorry this turned into a very long rant.
So I was at my moms for the weekend because my boyfriend is out of town and I decided to stay at my moms. I was sleeping in the room next to my moms and all of a sudden I wake up to find my moms boyfriend taking the blanket off of me and trying to put his hand under my shorts where my butt was and was trying to pick me up and I kept asking "what are you doing?!?" And he kept telling me to "shut up" and "be quiet" and he said my name too so he knew what he was doing.. My mom heard and came in and he was in his underwear and she told him to get out and he tried saying he didn't do anything. He was very drunk. I called the police and all they told me was I cant do much because there isn't any proof he touched me and it's a "he said she said" case, unfortunately. I wanted to talk about this because I'm so terrified right now and don't know what to think. I feel really violated and am really lucky it didn't lead up to him actually trying. 
My boyfriend Tom and I have been together for about a year and I half. I have a 4 year old daughter from a previous relationship named Brianne and he has a 17 year old daughter from his prior marriage named Lizzie, who he has sole custody of. One thing that initially attracted me to Tom was that he was a great dad to Lizzie. I never had the full story explained to me (up until very recently here) but was told that Lizzie came to live with him 3 years ago because there was 'some horrific abuse' happening at her bio mom's house. I never asked for any elaboration because I didn't think it was appropriate. Lizzie has always had a bad attitude and an even worse temper. She will throw things, hit her dad, and threaten people whenever she is in trouble. I always chalked this up to the abuse that I thought she endured at her mother's house and I did everything I could to help. She was always  a bit calmer when I talked to her but I also noticed that she would try to manipulate me, so I started backing off. My daughter Brianne and I moved in with Tom and Lizzie about 8 months ago. Brianne and Lizzie have always kind of coexisted; Lizzie doesnt particularly enjoy her company but she tolerates her. Their rooms are right across the hall from each other. About 2 months ago, Tom and I found out that we were going to have a baby. When we delivered the news to Lizzie, she lost her shit. She ran out of the house and screamed, beat on Tom, and it took the police to bring her back into the house. After that, Lizzies attitude got even worse. She failed almost all of her final exams and got into trouble at school, which has never happened before. About 3 weeks ago it all came to a head when I noticed my cell phone was missing. We discovered that Lizzie had stolen it. This prompted a huge fight that ended in Lizzie threatening to stab me and lunging for me. Tom had her go to her godmother's house for the evening. That was when we had the talk. I asked him what happened at Lizzies moms house to make her this way. He reluctantly admitted that nothing had actually happened to her; she was sent by DCF to live with her father because she had sexually abused her infant half brother almost to the point of killing the boy. She escaped having to register as a sex offender because of her "extremely young age". I flipped out, took Brianne, and went to stay with my mother. I got in contact with Lizzie's mom who confirmed the story sent me the injunction that she had filed against her own daughter as well as the police report that detailed the boy's injuries. She said she tried once to talk to Lizzie but it hurts her too much; Lizzies stepfather and the father of the infant boy will not allow her back into their home for any reason. Since then I have been experiencing a variety of emotions; everything makes sense now. I feel like I was lied to for so long and I do resent Tom for allowing her to be around my daughter. I feel like Lizzies behavior has only gotten worse and I fear for my children's safety as well as my own. I don't want her around for that reason. I feel like I can't trust her. Lizzie went to summer camp a couple days ago and Tom and I have been working on reconciling since. I have voiced my concerns with him and he has offered to seek psychiatric help for her (she had counselling through DCF years ago but obviously it hasn't helped). He also says he will install cameras and keep her out of the house for the rest of the summer. I don't know what to do. I feel lost. Please help.Tl;dr I discovered that my boyfriend's troubled daughter is a sex offender and now I am afraid for the safety of myself and my children 
Hello, I'm baffled and have recently been thinking a lot about the time a man helped himself to my private parts whilst I was sleeping, so raped me! I can't help but think how many men walk away without a single punishment, where's the justice? I went through a trail for a year, there was enough evidence, including a text he had also sent.. due to the fact I started binge drinking after I was raped I was merely laughed at through the trail because apparently I was an alcoholic, I wasn't, I was traumatised seeing alcohol as a pain relief... anyways this monster walks out of court and messages me after via socail media having no remorse and threatened me with all sorts of violent outbursts.. I had no support of anyone, and remained drinking my problem's away. Until recently that is... so this guy goes on to have a child, but what's not shocking is he then raped another girl, a younger one... he was finally put in jail for rape!!! I can't help but feel angry at the law enforcement, courts and judge's I tried to spare another person going through what I had gone through... and I was laughed at! This has really taken a tool on me, this monster has been released I see him near enough daily walking the streets, without a care in the world... how? How can someone act like nothing happened? Why did the judges not sentence him for raping me?! Why have I never had justice? I've often thought about hurting this monster but I know it wouldn't make me any better than him, I really don't know what to do, and I'm not sure if I can ever move on from that awful night... it's been years and I'm still as hurt as when it took place, I can't emotionally attach myself to anyone, so relationships for me never work, I'm currently pregnant and fear I won't be able to have a bond between me and my child because of this scumbag. Does anyone know of any places or numbers I can ring to possibly get what I need to move forward in life? Sorry about the rant, and I apologise if this doesn't make sense I've a thousand things running through my mind with each word I type lolThanks for reading 
This post is going to be quite long, but I'm going to try my best to summarize all of this. So please bear with me.So, all of this started back when I was 10 years old and my sister passed away when she was 23 years old from TTP which basically means that it eats away at your blood platelets over several months until you grow very tired and eventually go into cardiac arrest. It was very hard on all of us especially my mom. A couple years went by and while my mother was spiraling into depression my father took advantage of the family's state. I believe it all started when my mom and sister announced that I had had my first period and I remember how strange it was because he had this excited glint in his eye. A month afterwards he started to expose himself to me and as time went on he started making me suck on his genitals and in July of that year he took my virginity. I was in so much pain and that blood stain on the sheets will haunt me for the rest of my life. I still have terrible nightmares and my husband has to wake me up several times at night from it.I felt dead inside and I remember for my birthdays wishing I would either die or this would end. He broke my soul and who I was or even wanted to be. This went on several times a week until I was 15 years old when my mother cornered me and forced me to tell her what had been going on. Needless to say, he has been in prison since and will be until I am in my late 30's or early 40's. When word got out I was ridiculed at school, being called the same thing he used to call me, "daddy's little whore" and my father's side of the family still refuses to talk to me saying that I seduced him to keep our home and took advantage of him.I was not the only victim of him, there were several others over the years, but I was the only one strong enough to come forward. The only reason I did was not for my self respect, but because the thought of another young woman going through the same pain I went through was unbearable. As all of this was going on, my mother was abusing me emotionally and physically and I still regularly think that I would be better off dead. The only thing that kept me going through all of this was the thought that one day this would stop and my life would get better. Which it did, a couple of weeks before I turned 19. I met the love of my life and I love him more than anything in this world. He is my sun, my moon and my world. Unfortunately, from all the trauma and stress of all of this I have terrible scoliosis and I can no longer have children as a result of it. The one thing I have always wanted was to have my own family so that I could show that child that no matter what, I was going to love him/her no matter what. I can't have that life for myself, but my husband is more than enough. I couldn't imagine my life without him. I have almost made peace with all of this, but I feel like I have nothing to offer to him. I still feel like I am being invaded whenever we have sex and I can't be the person that I was meant to be, but I am now this broken mess that I can't fix. He says that I am the most beautiful woman that he has ever met and has devoted his life to me, but I don't deserve it. I lost everything and it has taken me longer than a decade to start feeling like I am in control of my life. How can I feel more complete for myself and my husband? How can I be the woman he deserves and more? He accepts and embraces my flaws even though I cannot. I can't stand it when he looks at me naked or touches me in a way that is supposed to make me feel loved, but does the opposite? I have tried to seek professional help, but in the city where I live, the help I need costs way to much. I hope that I can seek advice here, since this is my last hope. How do I give him my world when mine is almost nonexistent?  Any advice would be greatly appreciated even if it's for a website where I can talk to a few other people that have been in similar situations. Thank you for taking the time to read my post.
My girlfriend of 4 years decided to go to the city with her family during rth of July weekend. During her stay she decided to meet a new "friend" and hang out with him. (I should mention that I received the same story from both people involved, with neither knowing I was talking to the other) she was very upfront about being in a relationship and only wanting to hang out and do nothing sexually related. She met him at his car, and was standing outside talking for about half an hour, he was very persistent in trying to get her to come inside, mentioning it was hot out , and that he had air conditioning. Eventually she decided to getc, as it was in the 90s. She was extremely nervous and her hands were shaking, and he asked if he could hold her hands to help her calm down. She said that was fine, so he did. They kept talking about normal everyday things, work, weather, current events, vacation and such. Eventually the talked turned into him asking if he could give her a foot massage (he has a foot fetish) she said she reluctantly gave in as he was very persuasive, although she didn't want it, but said it did feel good after walking around in sandals. The foot massage turned into a back massage, while still calmly talking, and eventually it somehow led to her taking off her clothes, and sex. She said she doesn't know how it got that far, and that it happened very fast, and that she didn't want to. Later, a couple days after she got home, after I found out, she happened to see the same guy shopping at the retail store she works in. This is an 8 hour drive away. The guy in question is not from here. He drove up after she left and followed him. At this point she didn't believe it was rape, I feel I should mention that.So, she told me how she saw him, and that she was positive it was the same guy. So I told her to text him, and meet with him, but not to let him know I was around. I told her to try to get him to meet at the mall or something. I told her to get him out of the car, and into something public. I had her call my phone when she saw him, and I put mine on mute so I hear everything. This guy was good, not only did he not get out of the car, but he somehow convinced her to get in, and to let him give her a foot massage again, he said nothing sexual would happen. She gets in the car, I should say van, it was a Ford ecoline, and he drives to the back of the parking lot. I saw him get out of the front, then jump into the back of the van where she was sitting.This is the part where I full sprinted, all 260 pounds of me, having not run in years, smoking forever, and literally charge the van, broke the window and start laying into the guy. Which isn't really part of the story I suppose.But now she finally understands that she was raped by him, and better of us are sure what to do. If she calls the cops on him, she doesn't know where he lives, know his last name, and all we have is a throwaway cell phone number, that has all ready been tossed.And of course on top of that, if we went to the police, I'm sure he'd try to get an assault charge on me, and considering I have a relatively fresh theft charge, and I'm on probation, I don't want that. So we just want to move on, he hasn't contacted either of us, he's not at the hotel he was staying at. But it's still really hard to move on in my head, as initially, she told me she cheated on me, and I can get that out of my head.
I was invited by a friend, Sam [20M], to go out clubbing with his friends. However, initially, I was reluctant to go because it was in a town that was 45mins or so by train from my home and I did not feel safe going back during the early hours by myself. Sam told me that I could crash at his friend's - Matt's [21M] house with him for the night. I trust Sam and so decided to accept. I got very drunk. We got back to Matt's house. The three of us went to his room and got comfortable on his floor. Sam passed out straight away. I was on the verge of passing out but Matt was making conversation with me, touching me and putting his arm around me. We barely spoke or flirted or made any contact throughout the night. Once I closed my eyes I could feel him kissing me, I was mainly too tired to reciprocate, but did so for a few seconds. He then suggested moving onto his bed and helped me onto it. We "spooned" and at this point I was not only drunk but tired. I can remember him dry humping me and then pulling my jeans down. I can remember him penetrating me and thrusting vigorously for a few moments. I wasn't sure whether he used a condom or if he ejaculated inside of me. I remember going to the toilet and having wetness all over my thighs.I didn't give consent nor did I say stop. I don't feel traumatised by what happened, I just want to make sense of it. I don't know whether I should text Matt and ask him what happened or tell Sam what happened. They are really good friends. I don't know how I should bring this up with my boyfriend either. Did I cheat? TLDR:  not sure if I was raped because we were both under the influence of alcohol and I didn't give consent, nor did I say stop. I'm not traumatised by it but I want to know whether I should talk to the person who had sex with me or our mutual friend (who was present but may have been asleep) about it. I also need advice on how to tell my boyfriend. 
Back story - we have been together for 4 years and living together for 2. We just recently purchased our first house and we have a shared dog. If I decide to leave, this will not be a clean break.In general, our relationship isn't bad but it's not good. We have sex maybe once a month and sometimes it feels like we are roommates rather than lovers. This is something we have been trying to work on. We only usually fight about small things like chores.But as the title said - he raped me. It wasn't violent but I was asleep, and drunk, and he took advantage. He hadn't been drinking. I half woke up to him using his body weight to roll me over and he quickly got off and was done with it.In the past, he has woken me with sex. I have told him countless times to not wake me up with sex, I don't like it, I have to work in the morning, etc. This is something I've made very clear. He knows my stance on this. I should have pushed him off of me, but I was so shocked and half asleep that I wasn't sure what was going on. I have told him before that waking up to sex feels "rapey" to me. This last time, it definitely felt like straight up rape.He tells me that it was an accident, but I just don't believe him. I feel gross. I feel used. I've been sleeping in the guest bedroom for 2 weeks since it happened. I don't know what to do. I've told him we are on a break, but he still tries to kiss me and act like nothing happened.I obviously saw a future with this man and I hope for the best in him, but I don't know if I will ever see him the same. I do have sexual abuse in my past.I know through a reddit post, you are only seeing the bad but he really is a good man. He would never cheat, he works hard, he cooks for me, and he's a nice person among other things.**tl;dr:** Fiance took advantage of me while I was drunk and asleep. I feel raped and can't look at him the same. Is this something I should try to work through or would it be better to cut my losses?
My girlfriend who is 18 was raped 3 months ago. After a party we went to and got drunk at, she called her best friend around 3 a.m. to come and pick her up and bring her home, however he was busy at the time so he asked his cousin (who we will call Moe) to pick her up for him and bring her home. My GF was pretty drunk and could barely walk straight btw, and Moe took her to a hotel and raped her. My Gf said she doesn't remember anything after she got in his car but did remember seeing the hotel room and looked at the mirror and saw him on top of her. She was scared and told him that she was 16.What I need help with is, she went to the police and pressed charges, but after the detectives went to his house to question him, Moe called his cousin( my Gf's best friend) and begged that he will change and will also pay her $1,000 to drop the case( which he never gave to her btw). My Gf did not want to do it but her Best friend convinced her to drop the case. She went back to the precinct and dropped the case and signed some paper saying she consented to it. After she signed the paper, Moe was really disrespectful towards her telling her shes a bitch and laughing about the situation that he raped her. She went back to reopen the case but the detective told her that there is nothing he can do now that she already dropped the case.Please Reddit, Idk  what to do, I don't know where to go, I stay awake thinking about this and it's much more worse for her. She can't sleep, she was a straight A student and ever since that happened to her, she failed every class and got kicked out of college because of poor grades (freshman).This is hurting my Gf and I so much and we don't know what to do. I hate to see her like this and these sleepless nights aren't helping either. Please help.
about a week ago my friend was sexually assaulted. She initially consented to sex, however when her partner wanted to switch from vaginal to anal sex, she refused. He proceeded to hold her down and rape her anally. She does not wish to go to the police because she has had negative interactions with police before. (They dragged her back to her father who molested her even though she had a protective order against him.) She is afraid of victim blaming in the courts, and she was very intoxicated at the time of the encounter which only makes her more worried about being blamed. I am primarily concerned with helping her get counseling. Her insurance (state provided for low income people) either does not cover therapy or the copay is too high  for her to pursue it. I know that crisis centers exist, however I was hoping that someone here would have experience with these organizations and be able to tell me which ones are the best (provide counseling, won't pressure to go to police, etc.) some other details:- we are in central Indiana- she does not know the name of her rapist- she has washed her clothes and sheets with any evidence on them
Bit of context here, my (20F) SO (28M) works away during the week out of town and comes home on weekends (Fri-Sun) and has been doing so for the passed 5 months. His birthday is in a few weeks, and we leave for a month trip together the night of his birthday. I work at a clubhouse for businessmen as VIP service attendant and have been doing so for the passed 4 months.A few nights ago, I was finishing up a shift at the clubhouse at about 2am when I was approached by 2 members (both 29M) and was asked if I would like to join them for a drink at a bar in town after I finished. I consider myself no longer on a professional basis with these customers, as I see them almost every day. I have conversations about our SOs with them, and about life in general, so they know I have a boyfriend. I trust(ed?) them, so I thought about how I didnt have work tomorrow, and a drink wouldnt hurt, and I agreed. Myself and the 2 members left in a cab to the club.Several games of pool in and everythings going great, everyone's having a good time and we even ran into some other members during the evening, although we didnt spend much time with them. I remember that one of the members I came to the bar with went home, but I was tipsy and happy and busy playing pool so I didnt mind hanging out with my other friend for a while. We kept on drinking and chatting, and before long we were notified that the club was closing and we had to leave.By this stage I must be brilliantly drunk, I dont remember going down the stairs of the club to the front door but I remember mentioning how pissed my overprotective roommate/best friend was going to be that I a) came home so late and b) i had spent the night out with members. He then replied something along the lines of "you can't go home like that, come back to mine and freshen up then you can face the day" with a laugh. I sent my roomate a text saying I had gone back to a work friends house to sleep and that I would be back tomorrow sometime. I guess I then got in his taxi, and went back to his place. I dont remember the taxi ride there, I must have blacked out.I remember walking into his room with him and sitting on the bed, I was pretty tired and really drunk. He was at his dresser turned away from me, doing something I couldn't see. When he turned around I saw a tray with some white powder on it and he was holding out a rolled bill to me. "Want some?" He asked. I asked him what it was and he told me it was cocaine. I thought it would wake me right up and I'd be sober as hell to go home, so I snorted my allocated portion. I blacked out after that.Next thing I remember is that im having a sex dream with my boyfriend. It is a sex dream I guess, but the reason I'm having it is because the member I have just spent the night out with has donned a condom and is thrusting into me. I remember that I was moaning in the dream, and I heard myself in the brief (2 second max) moments of vision I had, throughout the encounter. I dont know how long it went on for, but I remember opening my eyes at one point and he was putting another condom on. I dont know how many times it happened. I remember waking up feeling fucked because of the cocaine and then the dream and the memory of him thrusting into me and being on top of me came back. I started hyperventilating, he woke up and asked me what was wrong. I barely choked out "oh my god. I cheated on my boyfriend". I felt between my legs and I was wet. It didnt feel like I had been raped. I had a full fledged anxiety attack, I started pacing in hysterics around the house not knowing what to do. When I finally sat down, he comforted me by putting his arm around my shoulder. "what the fuck do i do" I sobbed, and he told me that I wasnt going to tell anyone, and he wasnt going to tell anyone either. "You just got too trashed." He said. He was really nice about the whole thing, even though I threatened him with his life if he told anyone. He drove me home and since then I haven't seen him, though its certain he will come into my work again whilst I'm on shift sooner or later.I dont know if I tell my boyfriend or not. I hate myself for putting myself in that situation. If the member had of asked me "would you like to have sex?" I am so confident in the fact that I would have said no, no matter what state of mind I was in. I love my boyfriend so much. I know it's going to change our relationship forever if I tell him, and I honestly don't know if it's worth ruining what we have now. If I do tell him, I want to wait until after his birthday and our vacation. But I dont even know what to say. How do I tell him what happened if I don't know the full story myself? I didn't want to have sex with him, but I wasn't awake to tell him that, and I wasn't awake long enough each time to process who was on top of me to stop him. I think I made him feel like I enjoyed it, but I just remember being asleep but half awake, not really able to do anything. As far as I know, only myself and that guy know. I haven't told anyone else. I just don't know what to do here, and would appreciate some advice on the situation as a whole.
I genuinely do not know. I’ve struggled with it for a long time.I was 18, and out with my best friend for a night of bar hopping (we had fake ID’s). At the end of the night, we stopped off at an abandoned little bar with no one else but two much older men (in their 30’s or maybe even 40’s). I was already quiet drunk but my friend insisted we go over and drink more with the two men. The bought us shots, and I remember going into the washroom and puking. My memory is hazy, but I guess the guys invited us to their place and my best friend was all for it (she had recently come into a phase in her life where she was hooking up with basically anyone, any time). I remember telling her that I did not want to go, and she tried to trying to convince me. My best friend finally told me coldly, that she was going, and I could find my own way home (it was 3 am on an abandoned street in freezing temperatures). I remember feeling dread and scared, but I told myself that I didn’t have to anything with these men, so I went with them. We went to a hotel with them, with two beds. My best friend and the other man instantly started making out and taking each others clothes off, and I was totally freaked out and grossed out. I remember going over to the window, and looking out at the view, trying to avoid the man that had been “assigned” to me. A lot of what happened after was a sort of blur to be honest (I honestly don’t know if it was because of how drunk I was or if I’ve blocked these memories out).  I remember alternating between passively not engaging and pretending to like what was happening in a very false way because I was hoping it would end it all faster (I think now that was so dumb). I hated every second, I wanted it to end so bad. I felt disgusted and afraid the whole time. Also, the penetration was physically excruciating, obviously. I think I cried. Eventually, he noticed the blood (I had been a virgin), and I think he more or less stopped then. Afterwards he told me that he knew that I did not want to come and that I did not want to be there. He also told me that he had a fiance and that he had to be up in a few hours to pick her up at the airport, which just it added another layer of awful to the situation. I left soon after, in the wee hours of the morning. I never spoke to my best friend of 7 years after that. I was too humiliated and ashamed, and I was deeply angry at her. I told my sister everything that happened and I asked her if I thought I had been raped and she said, no, that first time sex is usually bad. So I put that idea out of my head. But for the next year or so, I had continual nightmares and intense anxiety/flashbacks about that night. I stopped going to school, more or less, because I was afraid to run into my friend (we both went to a very small college), and irrationally, I was afraid to run into that man on the subway. I failed that year in college. I also lost all my friends because they were friends with my best friend and I never wanted to see her again, so I avoided everyone. I pretty much got depressed and stayed in my house.I wonder if this was rape or bad sex that was traumatic, but ultimately not that man’s fault? Over past 5 years, I have become successful at avoiding thinking about this, but I’ve been reading about rape and consent recently and it has brought all this back up. I think about the choices I made, to not call a cab and go home on my own, to not leave the hotel room, to not say “no” or “stop”, and, at times during the encounter, to feign enthusiasm. But then I think about how he told me he knew I didn’t want to be there. I don’t want to be a “rape victim”, but I want to be honest with myself, one way or another.Tldr; I went to a hotel with a man after being pressured by my best friend. I did not want to have sex but I do not know how well I conveyed that. We had sex, it was awful, and I was traumatized after.
I feel like I can't connect with anyone anymore, like being around other people is just a struggle. Even people I know I love and care about, my parents, siblings, the few friends I have left, I find being around them just draining. I used to think that as long as I had people I loved around me I'd never feel depressed.I've been fighting for years to not give in to the urge to kill myself but it's been so hard. I don't want to leave my family and friends miserable but I don't know how much longer I can go on like this.I haven't told anyone about what happened to me years ago, I've been too scared to. I have written about it on occasion, shitty poems since it's the only thing I'm able to do, but I've always deleted them afterwards and just felt ashamed I would even do something like that. I'm sure that posting about it on here is the closest I'll ever come to a "confession" since every time I have attempted to open my mouth and say it, every time I think I'm ready to, I can't. There's just a huge lump in my throat that always stops the words from getting out.I hate myself more than anything. I hate myself for disappointing my family by being such a fucking weakling. I hate myself for not being a strong older brother for my sister, though she's an adult herself now and doesn't need me anyway. I hate myself for ever trusting the guys who did it to me, and I hate myself for not going to the police when it happened, or better yet, killing those guys myself.I am honestly just hoping that I can bury this forever at this point. I don't want to talk to anyone about it, I physically can't. I just want to live a normal life and be close to family and the friends I have left, without crying like a fucking baby when I get back home and am by myself again.
So, a little background here, I'm 21, MtF, but due to my religious parents unable to begin transitioning, so to my rapist he was just raping another guy. My mother is wholly unsympathetic, and whenever she finds me in a depressed state just reminds me that a)as a trans person I should just be glad he didn't kill me after he was done with me, b)as a male I can't get pregnant so it's not as big a deal (whether or not she acknoweldeges that I'm trans depends on her mood. She's never accepting of it, but sometimes she not *as* in denial) and  c)nobody was going to use my...back entrance, so it's not as big of a deal as if I was a woman and lost my hymen. I know that I'm lucky I'm not dead, but how much is true? Do I need to get over myself?
So, as I've said in a previous post, I was..well I guess it was rape, so I was raped when I was 12. The guy, who was 19 at the time, got me drunk and forced his tongue down my throat while I was sobbing and basically had his way with me, I lost my virginity to him actually. Anyways, my BF and I were talking and he mentioned how I reacted when we made out. I know it shouldn't have bugged me, but the way he said it was the same way the guy said it to me those years ago. He said "all you do is freeze up and not move your tongue at all". Now, he wasn't meaning to give me any flashbacks but I had one and it visibly shook me up. I ended up not talking for about ten minutes while he tried to figure out what was wrong. He knows what happened in the past, but he didn't know that's why I still do that nor does he know his words were eerily similar. Also, I have no problem making out with my boyfriend, though again I don't move my tongue, because he doesn't do it too often and he's not forceful with it. I just don't know how to go about fixing it to where I won't have flashbacks to that when we make out or when he says stuff like that..does anyone have any advice?
ok so today my friend came home crying after coming home from her boyfriends house who was already abusive both verbal and physical. she said he kept pushing for sex and she kept saying no, but he wasn't taking no for an answer and wouldn't leave it be, so she said fine thinking he wouldn't actually do it because he'd push her into it. But he did it, and not she's crying and he's left her because she called it what it is, rape. He made her feel like "no" wasn't an answer. I live in Texas, and I want to know what she can do legally is she chooses to go to the cops about this. Right now she's if-y because it will start drama, but in my mind best do it now then wait a week and all evidence is gone.... But, I'm having trouble finding anything on Texas's laws about rape and weather or not him pushing her to say "fine" counts as consent since she'd said no and didn't actually want to and obviously didn't participate. could you link me to some forums? I want her to go to the cops but this all happened about an hour ago so I'm not sure what she'll do.
*I posted this in rapecounseling, but I think I put this in the wrong thread. Sorry.*So this is going to be long. Really long, but my boyfriend (bless his soul) said that this would help with the healing process of something that happened to me while I was 9 -- and ended when I was 12. I'm a 25 year old female who is trying to work through the process of being raped as a child ( still) and didn't receive much counseling for it. I thank you for listening, and just your time.I've never really told anybody, except for my boyfriend, and my closest relatives know my story. But even they don't acknowledge it, really. Alright, here goes.I come from a broken home. My mother, fell for my Dad after leaving another abusive relationship from my half brother and sister's, who are respectively 35years old and 30 years old. She married to get to the states (From the Philippines) and actually fell pretty hard for my dad, she saw him homeless on the street and decided to help him, thinking he was a great man.He turned out to be the cheating type, and eventually my mom caught him after my sister was a few years old. (We're both almost the same year apart, Irish twins.) I was born in January, her in November. She left, and ever since then, She became resentful of us, and I think she used us to trap my biological father. A couple years later, my younger brother was born in order to trap him again (5 years later)My mom is not a saint, and is a controlling narcissistic. She never intended to have any of us, and each day would let us know in some small way, shape or form that we were a burden. I learned to win love through doing tasks and even then, they weren't good enough for her. She literally hated us, especially my brother and I since we look mostly like my father. My sister albeit a bit younger than me was her favorite to pick on, she's a bit bigger boned and would often take the brunt of the beatings my mom did to her, my dad would do to me. It got so bad, CPS was called to my school when I got sick and they found welts all over my body. I remember being beat for the dumbest things, some of which are normal, like accidentally spilling cheerios down the sink and not cleaning them up right away. After that incident, CPS told my mom they would take us away if she did not leave Steven ( my dad ) and she filled for divorce a year later. I was about 6 or at the time, but I remember her blaming me for it, instead of the cheating, but the child in me telling her it was gonna be okay.For awhile, we drifted in and out of places, my mom still abusing us by neglecting, emotionally and physically assaulted us. She would terrorize us and sometimes she would leave us for days without telling anybody where we were. Eventually, my aunt and uncle took us in for the meantime while my mom went to work.Eventually my mom met my stepdad, which is where the trouble begins. I thought he was creepy, but I just thought because of my fear of men, (Thanks dad) that I was overreacting. My aunt and Uncle didn't talk too bad about him, they just thought he was strange and didn't know how to handle money well, but no red flags..He started taking us out, and doing things with the kids. I was the oldest (me being a couple months older than Kiesha, and Nick being like 5 years younger) we got to go out, play games, although he would make us do things to see how far we would go to get the things he was offering. Strange, I thought, but nothing of it. most were innocent things, like silly dares over fences, and junk. Eventually my mom, sure that she found the right guy, decided to marry him. I was about 8, or something like that. I was happy that maybe my mom would stop beating us, and hurting us emotionally and physically, and we could be a real family if that's what she wanted. Unfortunately, no.My mom started trying to work more and more again, to get some business going; I can't remember. I just remember she wanted to open a daycare center in our house, only to find the state wouldn't let her due to the CPS allegations of abuse in the house ( And the fact that it was plain as day that she didn't want to really take care of us kids, so she saw this as an opportunity to make a quick buck...)So my Stepdad ( Who we'll now refer to as James) started to watch us more and more. He would let us watch R rated movies, and let us have all the ice cream we wanted. He kind of would stick up for us when he saw my mom wasn't gonna be fair with her punishments (But then he'd let them happen anyways) But as its further in the relationship, I noticed he started to single me out more - and by single me out, like do more things for me than I would like. At first I thought it was out of respect, but now as an adult, I realize it was grooming behavior.Eventually, he would make us cuddle in bed while we would watch old movies together. I remember the movie that started it all -- The good, the bad and the Ugly. I remember being told to just touch his penis, when I hid from the scary parts ( all the shooting and junk.) and at first I thought it was a cool thing, but I knew somehow this was wrong. I was 9 at the time, and didn't know if I should tell. I think he knew I would be hesitant, because if I did tell my mom wouldn't believe me, and would beat me somehow. So he took advantage of me.Hoping it was a mistake, I started to avoid him, didn't tell anybody what happened which was hard, considering that we lived in a tiny house together. Eventually, he removed all the doors from all the rooms, so he could, and I quote "Make sure we were not up to no good" and would blatantly look at me naked when I would shower when he knew no one was home but us. Eventually he started to withhold normal things for us; unless I was willing to step up and do things for him. That's when it started to happen.At first he just wanted to see me in a bathing suit. I was a really shy kid, and it was my first two piece suit that I ever got. I remember, asking if we could go swimming, and him telling me, "Only if I can see you in your swim suit." I was embarrassed, angry, and scared, but my younger brother and sister, oblivious, told me to go put it on, not thinking of the weird comment.I put it on, and I remember just being ogglied at, and scared, because I didn't know what I should do. I was told to wear it for the remainder of the swim trek, and I remember the whole time, I felt his eyes on me, never leaving for a second. I just can't remember them never leaving me at that moment.Eventually, the penis play that he would make me do so my Brother and sister could do things, eventually turned into fondling me and then penetrations both vagially and anally, mostly in my room in the attic, and in the basement, when he thought he could get away with it. He would wait for me to be alone, for maybe 20 minutes, and sometimes, I would be in the bathroom, and he would come around, with a condom on. I knew what was happening was wrong, and would hurt, and I was scared and he would threaten that my family would fall apart and would hate me. So, I quietly endured, scared of my terrible secret that I thought I brought on myself. I didn't know what to do, so I basically shut down, but kept a good front outside of the home. I wanted to tell a teacher, and my best friends, but I didn't think they would understand. In a weird way, I thought that I should try to enjoy it, because, someone cared a lot to do this to me, but couldn't understand why I hated myself and felt ashamed of what was happening.Eventually, my mother knew something was up. Being narcissistic, she noticed that he started to dote on me more, and would even make it a point to ask him in front of me, "Are you doing things with my daughter?" I wanted to tell her, but I knew the things she would do to me would be just as worse as what he doing to me.I learned later through my mother, she would find him in my room, at night, while I was passed out, spending more than an hour in there. I think he was raping me while I slept because I don't remember much of it, other than being sore, and my pants being down. I think have blanked it out.One day, while I was alone with her she took me down into the basement and asked James was touching me. By now, I was in six grade, and was learning more and more about sex. I told her all the things he did to me, and she broke down. I was scared, and told her I didn't mean to hold this back, I was scared that i would get in trouble. She told me, "You are too sexually active. I can't believe you." She looked away from me in shame, as I tried to explain I didn't want this, I didn't know it was wrong. Later that day, she told James that she knew what was going on, but she refused to kick him out the house. They Isolated me from the rest of family most of the time, and I wasn't allowed really to do much. HE got to go around with my mother, brother and sister, whilst I was shunned away and put in my room.After awhile, my mom blamed me for everything, but still did not call the cops from James. Eventually, my family in Alaska sent the cops, and my mother hid James, leaving us again, alone, isolated out in the near country. My mother chose him over us, basically, and I can not get over that. She then sent me over to alaska because "I was too much" to work with. At first, I was excited, because I could finally get away from the abuse and the ostricizing that my family was doing to me; no one to rifle through my clothes, throwing out which ones they thought were "TOO SEXY" ( I was like 12 at this point, and have always been a modest dresser. ) and tell me I was a whore, when really I did nothing wrong.I later found out then, while in Alaska my mom was gonna leave me there. For good. Up until that point, my mom, although a bitch, was my god. I still believed in her, even though she treated us badly, but it was then, when I was all alone, and isolated, that I realized she never cared about us, never wanted us, never loved us, and we were bargaining chips, dead weight to her. I completely lost it, and started acting out. I didn't even know the people I was living with, i maybe met them once when I was 2, and now I didn't know how to get out. My Aunt and Uncle here in Washington eventually took me in, and raised me as their own, daughter. Although it wasn't all rainbows and butterflies, I got to experience a semi normal childhood with a strong Father figure and Mother figure that wasn't for once abusive.What I have a hard time with, is that Everybody and i mean, EVERYBODY IN MY FAMILY BLAMED ME; STILL BLAMES ME FOR WHAT HAPPENED. My Uncle ( my new dad) doesn't blame me, but my aunt thinks somehow I was in control. They never (the people who think I'm the issue) never thought that James was the sicko, and they never acknowledge that what happened to me was one of the worst things that could happen in a child's life. They would gossip about my "GREAT SHAME" thats what it's called and strangers that were my aunt and mom's friends would talk about specific details like it was describing the weather. I'm really hurt about that, and that my mother, chose to believe him, over me.She chose a pedophile over me, and my brother and sister. My sister acted out and had to go to foster care, while my younger brother ended up living there still. In fact, she made me go on camping trips without letting me know that he'd be there, so that way we could be a "family" again. WTF This while I was 18.The worst part is, is that I feel like I'll never get closure . Even though it was awhile ago, it's affecting my relationships, today. To this day, I still can't watch rape scenes and have a hard time just finding things to enjoy without any anxiety that involves sex or anything like it, even affects my self esteem. I realize it wasn't my fault, but I feel entitled to be as angry as I want to be because the justice system and my family failed me. (Well most of them) I still feel like a victim, because I am reliving the nightmares.He only got a year of jail time, and 3-5 years of counseling which he didn't really ever attend. He's out now with another woman make a family that I'm sure he's gonna destroy. I am so distrustful, of everybody's intentions, because the one time I reached out and did the right thing, I got punished for it, and even ridiculed up until recently.My mom says that she did the best she could, but the only reason she's divorced him (They were still married after my rape) because he cheated on her with another woman. Wow. Okay, yeah, hiding a pedophile for almost a year and sending me away for good because I was "too much" -- ah, man, that's a gold medal right there for achievement.Sometimes, I get into a path of self-loathing and depression, that it takes me days to recover. The few people I've told ( and my boyfriend) commend me for being so brave and strong, and amazing for how much of a person I've become. I have forgiven, but it still hurts, because I don't feel like anything was learned, anything was really done, and I'm still pissed because I was an innocent child, robbed of innocence and yet I'm expected to be okay. Those years were the worst of my life, and they've shaped me into the person I am today.I guess what I'm trying to say is, or ask, is that is this normal? I feel not like a survivor, more like a victim still and I'm angry. Very angry. I don't feel like any progress or Justice was delivered justly.My rape broke my family apart. people were picking sides, and to this day, they still consider me a Harlot. My sister went insane and my younger brother was emotionally neglected and is acting out more and more now (He's 18.) It almost broke me apart, and yet I'm still standing, but I'm resentful, anxiety ridden, and with drops of self esteem issues here or there; Sometimes, I think I am too whorey for the day, and I know I'm not, with a regular sun dress, but sometimes the comments, the shame, the emotions resurface.I need to know from you guys, if I'm gonna be okay, or if I'm even in the right direction; if not, where should I go? Where should I start? I've never been able to tell my family or my mom what hell they've put me through. I've been doing this alone with a select group of people, but I've never shared my story with anybody who's been through what I've been through. Thank you so much for reading, if you got to the bottom of this, and thank you so much Reddit for having a safe place to tell my story, where I can feel at peace.-Krystal*Please let me know if I pasted this story in the right category.
Hi, I'm not sure if this story is in the right place, or if this even classifies as rape, so if I am in the wrong place, please let me know. Apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. This story has been incredibly difficult to write, as I have spent a long time trying to forget it. I was 16 years old at the time of this occurrence and it was 10 years ago, so apologies for the lack of details. Long story short, I didn’t have a very good relationship at home and I am only now coming to terms with what happened and how I got to that point in my life. I will preface this by saying I made some silly decisions back then. I had recently discovered the internet, and I was often on there talking to people, on forums, in chat rooms, and I would occasionally message people, relatively normal. However not much was known about the internet perils then, or at least, I didn’t pay attention to them and I didn’t think anything untoward would happen to me. I had messaged several guys, and had snuck out, telling my mother I was seeing friends. (*YES. I KNOW THIS WAS NOT A SMART THING TO DO.*) I only realise the full implications of my actions now and I was not aware of the dangers, I was a naive child and my mother’s parenting style was *‘if you do something and something bad happens, then you will learn.*’ I was essentially figuring shit out on my own and left on my own a lot. I was a relatively good kid, I have never done drugs, and I didn’t touch alcohol til I was 18 (legal drinking age here), that being said, I didn’t make friends easily, I was a bit of a loner. Through my childhood I was left alone to watch tv and just be one my own, I was expected to do a lot of things myself. Basically, I wanted attention, to feel loved and valued and I got it by flirting with guys online, and yes, occasionally I went off with them, (16 is legal age for girls in my area).Onto the particular incident that makes me write this. I saw a profile for a guy who was into dom/sub kind of activities. My understanding of submissive was someone who was quiet and shy, passive, (because I was thinking about the dictionary definition!) and I thought, that sounds like me! So I sent him a message. I don’t remember how long I was messaging him before we agreed to meet, but it was not very long. He was ten years older than me and knew damn well how old I was.Fast forward to a while later, I left the house on a weekend and I caught a bus and train to the station (commute about 1 hr 30 mins - 2 hrs) that he agreed to pick me up from. As soon as I got in the car I felt uneasy, though his appearance was not intimidating. He was caucasian, skinny arms and legs but soft looking and had a bit of a gut on him. Short brown hair and my memory might be a little fuzzy, but I remember dark dark eyes, like black… but then it could just be my bad memory. I regret not paying attention to the way he drove or the street names. I kicked and berated myself for years after. We spoke on the way to his house and at one point he slapped my thigh. It was at this point I told him I was worried and said I didn’t want him to hurt me. I think he said something like ‘It’ll be fine, don’t worry about it.’We get to his house, and as soon as we get inside, he has me undress. I am confused at this point, but I have a prickling on the back of my neck and I just wanted it to be over so I could go home. I was the type of girl who kept her head down, had a hard time saying ‘no’ to people. Provided by my mother’s ‘*don’t rock the boat, don’t make waves*’ sort of mentality that had been pushed onto me so I didn’t know how to stand up for myself. As I recall, he made me fold his laundry for him, and one or two other tasks, (I don’t really recall I have been trying to forget it for ten years now) before taking me to the bedroom. As much I would like to say that I ‘fought the good fight, and the creepy man let me be, this isn't a fairy tale’ and sadly that didn’t happen. I will not go into detail about what he did, but I am glad to say there were no ropes or handcuffs or anything, but he did order me around to do various sexual things, (though no actual penetration, because he was very small. I'm not saying this to make light or fun, but it is a detail that makes me question whether it was rape or not) that I didn’t want to and I didn’t like any of it. I was docile, reluctant and blank the whole time, like I was somewhere else. He made comments that I was rather lifeless and I think I irritated him. He made comments to me however that chilled me to this day. That he wanted me to find a girl from my school to join me, that I would bring her to come and live with him, that I had to tell my parents I would live with him or stay with him. He said I was fat and had to lose weight. He told me I would have to wear a collar at all times, and either me or the other girl would get pregnant so we would lactate. He said the baby could be kept or sold. I was horrified, disgusted, afraid. I honestly thought he would hurt me if I told him I didn’t want apart of it. I went along with it so he would not get angry. Eventually, after a while of this, he went to have a shower, and that is when I snuck off to grab my clothes. I had just finished dressing when he came out and told me I was bad because he had not allowed me to dress yet. He spanked me harshly, and I was never hit as a child so it was very upsetting for me. Eventually he dropped me back at the train station and I felt like a sack of potatoes or something, like he was bored with me or thought I was trash. I felt so awful. I tried not to cry on the bus and train home. I don’t think I told my parents about it straight away. I do remember telling a friend of mine, but didn’t tell anyone else because I knew they would blame my misbehaviour.I don’t remember when he got it, but he got my phone number and rang my house. He demanded I find another girl and tell my parents. I kept giving him ‘ummm… I’m not sure, I don’t know’s as an answer because I completely froze up and had no idea what to say. Eventually I did tell my mother, and the reaction I dreaded…. Was exactly what I got. I was told that if what had happened was so bad and really how I said it was, then I had to walk across town by myself and report it to police. She didn’t get upset, or worried or help me in anyway. It seems in her eyes, despite being a child in her home and treated as one, I was expected to make adult decisions. (I have had many an issue with my mother, but that is not the focus of this story) So, I did exactly that, I went to the police station, I made a formal complaint, I had written down some of the things he’d said and so took it with me, they also wanted the clothes I had worn on the day. (I was ten years ago so if I manage to get a copy of the police report -if they still have it, then I will figure out how to show it.)Sadly, the police said there was little they could do, the young female officer I spoke to seemed dismissive and told me since I did not say ‘no’ out loud, that there was nothing they could do. My clothes were later returned and nothing came of it, the police never told me what happened or what was going on, and seeing as how my parents blamed me, I wanted to forget everything rather quickly. I saw him once, in a food court in a shopping centre (mall) later, I think it was a few weeks or months later. I don’t know if he saw me or not. For the longest time I was afraid of just being near the train station, and I still feel uncomfortable at the thought of going there. I told people around the time it happened. A (now ex) boyfriend told me he thought I made it up and I was attention seeking. A male co-worker told me it wasn’t a real attack or assault or rape because I wasn’t in tears. Even after I told him it was because I refused to let the guy beat me, my co-worker refused to believe. A few years later it was mentioned to a few guys when I was at film school, two of them stared at me without knowing what to say, and the third made some joking comment to (AND I QUOTE) “make light of your pain”. Not a funny joke dude. For years I did blame myself, I thought I had misunderstood what he wanted, that it was my fault for being so stupid and he didn’t do anything wrong. But I will say again, he was a 26 year old man with a 16 year old girl, he did not explain what he expected of me, did not give me an option out, there was no code-word, he described illegal and sickening acts and I told him I was scared. Only recently, speaking with my psychologist, do I realise what a danger I had put myself in and that this man was truly dangerous, she insists he was trying to groom me, albeit badly so that I would become his ‘pet’ or something.I don't know if this classifies as rape or whether I am being over dramatic, I am still figuring it all out myself. Thank you for reading. 
I will start doing EMDR in the near future and work with a woman who is also a Reiki master and works with enneagrams. Anyone know what I'm getting myself into. I'm dreading the treatment but it's supposed to be really effective. How do you get into the right headspace? How painful is it? What is your experience with EMDR? It doesn't seem or sound like it but I'm on the up & up.***ALSO, I told this first guy ever I'm not ready for a sexual relationship instead of cracking under the pressure of my old ways and silenced voice. He wasn't interested in anything but that so he's gone...BUT I DID IT! AND I DON'T FEEL GUILTY!** I'm crazy and weird but only those who like me for my craziness and weirdness are the people that matter to me. I'm not going to let anyone convince me I'm broken anymore. (That's right EX, fuck you!) I'm on the right side of rock bottom <3 If you're fighting the fight keep going! Push yourself! YOU ARE WORTH RECOVERY!
I need help. Therapy is ok but goes too quick, 45 mins once a week not enougj, i need daily right kow to stop this distruction I wanna drink all the time. The numbness.I get burst of suicidal tendencies....i hateself i get werid thoughts and want to sleep in the closet, its small and i feel safe. My husband freaks out and wont let me. If i feel safe in a small closet sleeping whu the fuck cant i. He doesnt get it he tries to help but he makes it worse. He will force me outa the closet and make sleep in bed...ibe only done this twice but i wanna sleep in the closet again tonight. I dont get night terriors in there. Only time  i can sleep peasfully... .He makes me feel like im wrong. Im over acting. I wanna jump off a bridge, not really i jusy wanna feel real again.
I lost my virginity while I was too drunk to be trusted with standing, let alone being able to consent to sex.  It was my ex boyfriend who had broken up with me three days before.  My incredibly intoxicated ass kissed him back.  I felt so horrible the next day when I saw the hickeys and realized that that had really happened.  I still struggle with whether or not I can really call what happened rape.  It happened on the Fourth of July, 2009, so I can never not notice the anniversary.
I am a freshman on my university's lacrosse team. Last weekend, the team got Together for a summer training session and had a decently sized party after at the Lacrosse house. They told us new guys that our "hazing" would just be a lot of drinking so I had no worries. I remember taking a lot of shots that night but I must've blacked out around 12am. The next day I woke up laying in the bathtub with no clothes on. There was a phone plugged into the outlet by ththe bathroom sink with a video opened. I hit play out of curiosity and saw myself taking several shots. I laughed and went to the next video but this one started in the other room with a group of the upperclassmen laughing while putting more shots together. One of them spit in one of the glasses which was then given to me to drink. I don't remember anything from that night so the video was new to me. But it only got worse. The next video showed one guy coming out of the bathroom and putting his ejaculate in the glass via a plastic cup and mixed it with fireball, which I then drank later in the video. The next video showeed another guy directly masturbating into the glass and then only mixing it with water. This continued to the point where I was actually taking shots of their sperm and had no idea. Apparently most of the guys were in on this "joke." I vomited after seeing these.I also noticed they had splashed or poured something on my anus after I had passed out, seeing as how it was very wet and sticky the next morning. I have no idea why that would have been funny but i noticed it as soon as I woke up laying over the wall of the tub. Has anyone ever experienced anything like this? And if so, please tell me what I should do. I don't know how to proceed.
I don't know if I was sexually exploited by someone I did not know (a man 10 years my senior), who was using flattery words in a conversation while violating me at the same time.
Dear little one,    I am sorry. I am sorry you are alone, I am sorry you are hurting, I am sorry you are about to go through the worst time of your entire life because nobody was there to help you. I know you are want to be that cool, bad ass kid in school. Everyone has always treated you like shit and you want to be feared because, well, being feared makes you feel untouchable. You want to take back some of the power that has been taken from you throughout your entire life. But, darling, you are about to lose even more. And for that, I will never be more sorry.    You deserved better than what happened to you. Yes, you hurt people, a lot of people. You made a lot of mistakes. But you are just a child. Nobody protected you. That is not your fault. You could not have foreseen what was going to happen, honestly nobody could have. You are about to experience unimaginable pain over the next few months, and then years to come.     You are too young to understand everything that is going to happen to you. There is just too much for you to wrap your mind around it all. When the drugs wear off the pain will be overwhelming, crippling even. You will lose control and learn that denial is an easier solution than coping and trying to grasp reality. The cocktail of antidepressants and whatever drugs you could find here or there helped too.     But brace yourself, dear, because it will happen again. You will go through the same process, but worse. By some miracle you didn't die that night, otherwise I couldnt be writing this. You were more than lucky. However, the events of that night will haunt you like the most malevolent ghost you could ever imagine. You will do well with denial for a while, a few years, actually. But you can only deny the past for so long.     You will eventually try to actually get sober, and your house of make believe comes crashing down. Flashbacks, nightmares, cold sweats. You are diagnosed with PTSD. You will do your best to get through it, you want to be better, you want the memories to stop. Then, you just can't do it anymore. It's too much, you just want to give up, and you do. Back at the bottom of a bottle, with a bloody nose from too much blow and an increasingly bad anger issue. The flashbacks aren't as back but you begin to alienate yourself from everyone you know. Violent outbursts, cutting, and a thwarted suicide attempt later you try to clean up again.    Which leads you to me, I am 24, ten years older from where you are. I am just now dealing with what happened. The flashbacks are daily, as well as the nightmares. I have been sober for over 7 months, which i have not been able to do since i was 18 and was forced to be. I need to get through this or i know i will die, there is not a single doubt in my mind. I wish I could stop you, my younger self, from leaving but you have an agenda. You feel like you have something to prove. You were so misguided, so alone. You were fucked right out of the gate, didn’t even stand a chance. I am sorry that you couldn't have seen the good in the world earlier in life. It gets better, though.
I feel a constant turmoil because of my past. I can't stop thinking about what has happened to me. I feel like I can't live life anymore or have normal relationships. The first time I was raped was the first time I ever had sex, with my boyfriend at the time. I told him I wasn't ready and he just forced himself on me. This experience was the first to traumatize me. The second time, I went to a house party with a guy I met online. I was young and naive, and kept accepting the drinks that he gave me, even though I didn't drink much at the time so it had a strong effect on me very fast. I went to sleep that night at the house party and I woke up with him on top of me. This was many years ago and I still wake up in night panicking, because I have very vivid nightmares where I feel like someone is on top of me, forcing me down, and raping me, and I have no way of escaping. I'm constantly replaying these moments in my head. I never had a normal healthy relationship. I feel worthless. I don't feel like a human. I feel like a toy, something that gets tossed aside when it's done with. Garbage. These negative thoughts keep swirling in my head. I can't help but feel like I deserve this or its my fault since it's happened multiple times.
Are there any laws regarding mandatory reporting of sexual assault (or rape)? Suppose if I showed up at a doctor's office with pain in my groin and thighs. Are they required to report?
So I (m27) have been dating my Gf (f 24) for around 8 months now. After I tried to kiss her the first time and she completely freaked out (even after giving explicit consent) I sort of pushed to finding out why her reaction was so violent.Come to find out (after about 4 months pf dating) she explained to me she was raped repeatedly by a family memeber in her youth. Also no one in her family knows and she wants to keep it this way.Well ok, fine. I get it she is embarrassed and doesn't want her family to know. Well I am not put off or offended or angry she was assaulted I just want to do the best I can to support her and have a meaningful and full relationship with her.Ok so here is where the real "issue" arises. We have taken things slow. Slowly transitioning from manual stimulation, to oral, and then finally we tried to have sex this past month. When I say slow we essentially waited 2 months between progressive acts.Well about half way through us trying to have sex she freaked out. Like essentially ran away, got in her car and drove off.She has said that the limited penetration that occured brought back all her terrible memories and that she cannot engage in anything sexual with me anymore until further notice.My question is how can I help this woman? She has shut down, she has said she really doesn't want to go to consoling. She doesn't want to tell her family. She tries to act like it is not my burden and I cannot help. Soooo how do I help?
Hi Reddit,  I've never been on this sub before, so tell me if I break any of your rule while creating this thread.  **TL;DR:** Yesterday on the phone, I learned from my friend (F, 24) that she got raped by her ex (M, 25+, a refugee) four months ago. I'll see her tonight and I want to know how can I help her to move on, and to realise that it wasn't her fault.  **Story :** We live in Paris, France. My friend is actively helping refugees that live in terrible condition in Calais (2 hours from Paris). In summer 2015, she ends up falling in love with a refugee and they're "enjoying" a long distance relationship in an approximate English (since he can't speak French).  This relationship is hard but they can see each others almost every week so it's fine. Until he make it to the UK and find a place to live near London. Seeing each other is harder for them, but at least his situation is better. Yay.  Eventually, it gets bad for him in the UK. It becomes harder to love each other very much when you can't meet for weeks, and he starts to flirt (and fuck) other girls. She comes to see him one last time and they break up.  After that, she starts dating that guy's best friend, also a refugee, that still lives in France. But news from the first guy come (March 2015), and he's feeling depressed. Things got worse for him and he got kicked of his apartment. She kept contact with him, and her boyfriend is still that guy's friend, so they take the train to England to see him.  That's where it happened. She booked an AirBnB flat with only one bed and when her boyfriend was out, her ex raped her. When she told this to her bf, he got mad. Saying that it was her fault, that she probably wanted this to happen and planned to go visit him only because of that. To this day, he still think that she didn't got raped but that he got cheated on. Of course, her rapist blamed her for ruining his friendship with her boyfriend.  She doesn't want to call it a rape (even if he almost broke her wrist to force her into having sex with him). She think it's her fault for booking a one bedroom flat, she says he's not to blame because his life is hard... Being a refugee is hard, see your ex-girlfriend date your best friend is hard..  It's not his fault, right ? Of course, she doesn't want to go to the police because she's scared about what could happen to him since he's a refugee..  I'll see her tonight and I want to help her get passed it. I want her to acknowledge that it was definitely a rape, that it wasn't her fault, and finally I want that guy to face the consequences of his acts. How can I help her with it and what should I be careful NOT to say that could hurt her even more ?
My hubby and I have been married 10 years,  we got married when I was 20. He is my ultimate best friend and love of my life.  When I was 18 I was raped at a college frat party.  Ugh,  I can't stand typing that. 😣 I have never told a single soul about this,  even my husband.  When we married my husband thought I was a virgin.  I couldn't tell him I lost my virginity to a freaking rapist.  So now I am ashamed I have kept this from him for so long.   I don't even know how to approach it if I did tell him.   Should I tell him?  Or no.  Please be nice.  Thanks
I just posted to /r/relationships, and the automod removed my post because it potentially deals with rape. It also recommended I post here. I will copy and paste the entire post and boldface the relevant portion. I really feel what happened constitutes rape, but I also feel somehow wrong or guilty for thinking this of my husband. We are a gay couple who has been together for 6+ years and married for nearly 1 year. The post:OK, so a little background: We met on a gay dating site the year I really accepted myself as gay. I dated a couple of guys before him, but I never went "all the way" except with him. We really hit it off, and he was always loving and kind to me. I suffer from diagnosed OCD, depression and anxiety, and I have to say in those early years he comforted me a lot. He was so loving. I've since been medicated for these problems with Lexapro and sought counseling for a period of time, which has helped immensely.Last year after the SCOTUS decision, we got married. We had been together for over five years at this point. We had a simple but nice wedding with just close friends and family.A little background on my husband: he was routinely physically and sexually abused as a child. As an adult, he suffers from ADHD, PTSD, epilepsy, chronic insomnia, and chronic physical pain. He takes meds for all of these, and he sees a psychiatrist, although his visits to this psychiatrist have become few and far between, really only when he needs his prescription renewed.Throughout the years, I would say his violent mood swings have become worse. He will seem okay one moment, and then unleash with hurtful words the next, seemingly with no predictable pattern. When I approach him, I am no longer sure if he is going to be the sweetest, loving husband or tear into me with words that cut like a knife. For example, we attended a friend's wedding this summer. She told us we didn't have to rent tuxes, so my husband mentioned the idea of traveling to the location of the wedding a day early so we could shop for clothes. (We live in a very small town with no real options for shopping.) I agreed, personally booked and paid for the hotel room, and we left. We went into a clothing store, I asked him about the wedding colors since I had forgotten, then I started looking at some ties and asking him what he thought. This triggered something, and he told me he didn't want to buy fucking clothes for the fucking wedding. He thought it was stupid. I should just get the fuck away from him and go off on my own, he would take a taxi (he doesn't drive), etc. I purchased a shirt and tie, left the store, and sat in the car and cried. Eventually he came out and we left. Later he apologized "for being a cunt." I knew he had barely slept the night before, and I attributed it to this.**At the wedding reception, we both had too much to drink. Now, he doesn't think I remember this, but I do. I let him believe I had blacked out. One of the requests my friend had was that I do a karaoke song at the reception. I did it. I was obnoxious and made a fool of myself dancing because I knew that's what she wanted due to our prior history of going to karaoke bars together. After this, my husband became really untalkative. He wanted to call a taxi, but in my mind I didn't want to pay for it, so I was going to walk. Our hotel was maybe six blocks from the reception. I started walking. He ran after me and asked me what the fuck I was doing. He tried to get me to come back to the hotel and wait for the taxi (which probably would have been best but, you know, I was drunk). When I insisted and kept walking, he pushed me to the ground. He then tried to pull me up by the shirt, but the shirt ripped. He pushed me back down and started dragging me forcefully by the arm (my arm still hurts). Finally, two young ladies from the reception made him move away from me and gently persuaded me to wait for the taxi. When we got back to the hotel, he threw me down on the bed and started forcefully penetrating me. I told him it didn't feel good, it hurt, it felt like rape. Since then when he gets into one of his moods, he reminds me that I called him "a rapist" and that I "always complain" that he's hurting me when we have sex.**There are many nights I try to get sweet and romantic with him, but he rejects me. This started probably around the time we got married. Other times, he insists that he wants me to stick my dick in his ass. Tonight I told him I wanted to make love. He said in a dark tone, "I don't want to make love, I want you to fuck me." I said, "Well, I want to make love." He shook his head and replied, "Not gonna happen."Earlier today when I learned he had the day off, I stayed out of the bedroom so he could rest up. Meanwhile, I cleaned the whole house. He eventually came out of the room, saw me mopping, and said, "I was going to clean!" I told him I knew he needed the rest on his day off or time for gardening (which usually seems to relax him, although this too depends on the moment), and so not to worry about it. He got something to eat, went back to bed without a word, and later complained that he had waited for me for hours. This is typical. He won't communicate, then will get angry/frustrated when I don't do what he expects me to do.After taking him to several gardening shops today, he lay down again. I lay down next to him and fell asleep. Later when I woke up, I noticed he was gardening. I asked him if he wanted to go to the store with me (he usually does). He responded angrily, "Fuck no! Just fucking go! I'm fucking working!"On my way to the car, he told me to "get the fuck out of here."Now maybe I'm being oversensitive, and I am aware I have my own issues, but the problem is I tend to ruminate over all of this. I question whether I'm a good husband or even a good person. There have been many times over that past year when I have contemplated suicide. I love him so much, but I don't feel the love from him anymore. I attribute a lot of his behavior to the PTSD and ADHD, which are probably exacerbated by the insomnia and physical pain, but this doesn't make it hurt any less. Tonight I was searching for a painless way out. He went out drinking tonight with some of his work friends, and I dread when he comes home because often when he has been drinking he gets really verbally aggressive. Not always. Sometimes he is in a good mood, but I'd say more often than not I see his dark side. He told me explicitly he didn't want me to come because he didn't want to "babysit" like he did at the wedding, which is strange because just last night he was excitedly trying to persuade me to drink tequila. I'm pretty sure alcohol doesn't mix well with his meds. Even I'm supposed to limit my consumption on Lexapro. He gets upset if he offers me a drink and I don't take it, so sometimes I sneakily try to dilute it or pour some down a drain when he isn't looking.This is very complex and hard for me to wrap my mind around. I feel guilty, I feel somehow at fault, I would even go so far as to say I hate myself and feel like an utter failure as a human being. He is not the same man with whom I fell in love. How long do I wait for the old man to return? What can I do to fix this?TL;DR My husband suffers from many emotional and physical problems, and possibly alcoholism, which has made him increasingly more difficult to live with over the years. What can I do to make this better?
We had a bit of a whirlwind courtship. Just a few days after we started seeing each other, I got an opportunity to start a job in Thailand in just two weeks, so we ended up spending every possible moment together. I had recently gone through a horrible breakup, and he was the first guy I felt really connected to after that.It was very scary for me to be seeing someone new and to let my guard down, and I had a hard time even letting him kiss me for the first several dates. He was nothing but kind, patient, and respectful toward me. He was also very supportive (but bummed) that I would be leaving for Thailand in such a short time, but we both knew that I'd be back in a few months.Had I not been offered this job opportunity, we would have taken things much more slowly. That would have been much smarter in retrospect because I know I really wasn't ready for that intense of a relationship just yet. We were excited and trying to make the most of our time together.Anyway, the first time he actually kissed me at all was about 2 1/2 weeks into dating (aka after probably 10 days in a row together at least). He kissed me on my shoulder, and I broke down in tears. It's hard to explain, but I knew it was a very heartfelt, caring kiss from him, and it was very scary for me to let someone in like that after such a devastating breakup. I was happy that he kissed me and clearly cared for me; I just couldn't handle my emotions at the time. He ended up staying up late talking with me about it and making sure that I was okay.This was the first night that we slept in the same bed together. Absolutely nothing at all happened that night other than that shoulder kiss that made me lose it. We just snuggled the night away, and it was really nice.So the next night, he came over again after work. We watched two movies, and I think we had almost two bottles of wine between us. I know it isn't smart, but I was pretty much gulping down that wine.When I drink, no one can ever tell that I'm drunk. Ever. I don't slur my words, I walk straight, and I can even string together full sentences. This has always been the case - even when I've been drunk enough to get sick. So he had no idea that I was as drunk as I was because he had never been around me when I've had more than one drink, and I never told him that I know I don't seem drunk when I am.Later in the night, we ended up going to bed. I didn't have any conscious intentions of sleeping with him that night at all. We hadn't even kissed on the mouth until we were in my bed that night. We ended up going from kissing for the first time to having sex all in one night. Then we slept together almost every day after that until I left the country.Since I got to Thailand, we have been video chatting twice daily every single day. We were talking about that first time we slept together about a week ago, and it came up that I don't remember any details about that night.He is horrified because I was so drunk that I wasn't able to actually consent to having sex with him. I think if we're speaking completely legally, sure, maybe that's possible on a technicality. But I really never thought that I wasn't able to consent.I don't really remember the specifics of that night on my own at all. BUT when he has recounted different parts of that night and the sex to me, I do remember it. I just need the reminder. That doesn't happen when you black out, right? It's just a blur and fuzzy, but possible to remember after having it explained to me.Now he is just worried that he raped me by accident. I never thought of it that way, but I can see where he's coming from. I think a big deal is sort of being made out of nothing, but I still wanted to get the opinion of the general public who hangs around on reddit relationships.Thoughts?tl;dr: I was much more drunk than he thought, and he is worried that I wasn't able to consent the first time we had sex.
My dad was pretty abusive when I was younger, like the title says, I cut him off for it ten years ago when I was 7 years old. I was always convinced he had some kind of personality disorder because he was INCAPABLE of apologising for anything. everything was always someone else's fault. (Like he was the kind of person who would probably say you shouldn't have "antagonised him" if he, I don't know killed you for looking at him or something)He's never held down a job, never paid child support and convinced his half of the family I lied about the abuse and has repeatedly claimed it never happened in earlier years. Recently however, he seems to have cleaned up a bit. He has a job now, has been sending my mum money to make up for the child support he missed paying over the years under the table and sent me a letter ACTUALLY APOLOGISING and admitting to the abuse (though not in detail)I was still obviously, very wary. But I had decided when summer starts and I'm no longer in school (I have three more weeks left now) that I would meet up with him. I have a teacher who looked after me when I was homeless for a while who has offered to supervise and it was going to be in a public café by my house.However, as the title also says, I had a bit of an encounter a few days ago. I was heading out to meet a friend in town when a stranger cornered me and tried to intimidate me into having sex with him for money at a nearby hotel. He wasn't to pleased when I said no and tried to leave so yeah. I went to the police, who didn't take me seriously at all. They said officers would be coming to my house to take a statement from me on the day, no one has showed up- and I found out its been logged as an "incident of antisocial behaviour" too because apparently trying to force people to have sex with you is on par with graffiti painting some walls or something. They called my mum, and in a moment of panic (its complicated to explain but she had her reasons which I wont get into since this is quite long already) she called my dad. So he knows. He texted her to tell me he's sorry this happened to me and it must have been terrifying and that he loves me and hopes I'll be okay and asked to meet up so he can "support me" if I'm okay with it.Obviously I'm not sure about this. I do think he's changed at least a small amount and even my mother (who despises him trust me) thinks he's being sincere and genuinely trying to do right by me. I want to see him, but I'm still adjusting, trying to figure out if I should tell my friends whats going on and my school are being all pushy and trying to get involved and I just don't know.    **tl;dr**: Was attacked a few days ago, really wanted to meet up with my dad who I cut off for abusing me when I was 7- as he seems to have genuinely improved quite a bit. Now not sure, any thoughts?
I really hate myself. I hate people. I still want to be touched. I wish mostly that someone would give me a long hug. The type that means I am accepted. I have friends but I don't ask them for help. I support them. Sometimes, I ask for a phone call but they are busy and not up to it. I want them to tell me it's ok. That even if a taxi drive pulls me in for a kiss that what he did was wrong and that people should ask. Instead I feel like everyday is only waiting until someone else attacks me. I spend so much time inside. I want it to not be a bid deal. Rape. Whatever. Some people are jerks and that is it. Not that I am constantly afraid and that I won't go for what I want because of possibility of sexual assault. I know I will be left with nothing. We can't prove force. We can't prove anything. What is the point of anything? I feel like I can't think. I want to spend all my time unconscious. I should get over it but the fact that I am so weak guides me in ways I do ot care to admit. I just think, they could hurt me and ohers would not understand. I want to hide. I spend so much time in doors. I feel like I wish I could stab people. I wish I know I would attack back. I wish things were different. I 
I say "I feel like," because I don't know if that's what it actually was. Anything would help.When we first got together six months ago, I said I didn't want to have sex for a few months. He hadn't had a girlfriend for two and a half years, and I could tell he was pretty anxious to have sex, so I lessened it to a month.We had sex two weeks in, and not because I wanted to.We'd gotten passionate before. We'd make out, and he'd get pretty aggressive. Whenever we would get really passionate, he would constantly be forcing his hand down to touch me, holding me down, and I would literally have to use *all* my strength to just get him to move his hands, much less push him off me, and I would constantly be saying, *No* and *Stop.* He would stop after I pushed him off of me. I feel like I should have talked about how uncomfortable it made me then, but, being asexual, sometimes I just have a hard time with sexual stuff, feeling like maybe this is just how it is. I hesitantly approached one of our mutual friends about it, and she dismissed it as, "You're hot, and he's just thinking with his penis."The morning we first had sex, I was getting up to go to work. He started sweetly asking me to stay, so I stayed in bed a little longer and we kissed a little. Things started to get heated, so I tried to go by saying, "I have to go to work." But he kept kissing me and it was nice, but--since we were already in our underwear--once he started to put his hand down there, I kept protesting and trying to push him away. He kept saying, "Okay," but would go back to trying almost immediately after.I got tired of fighting. He was already having sex with me before he even asked, "Are you sure?" And, by that time, I was too weary and hurt from him not listening to me that I just didn't say anything. I had tears in the corners of my eyes, but I didn't say *no*. I let him.That morning was the only time I've ever called in sick, and the minute he left my apartment, I curled up in my bed and cried my eyes out. All. Day.But I let him. Does that change things?It's been six months since the incident, and I've lightly touched upon the incident without outright calling it rape, and he seems very contrite about it. He's perfect in every other way--literally the sweetest, most generous, funniest boyfriend I've ever had, and I don't ever feel uncomfortable with him except for with this--but whenever I think about it, I can't stop my hands from clenching and unclenching because I just want to hit something, and it takes the utmost effort not to cry. I'm asexual, but I've never particularly *minded* having sex--I don't care for it, but relationships, I guess, are give and take--but I can't stand to even think of it now, even though we've had sex in the past six months.I am just very confused about this and don't know what to do.**tl;dr:** When we first got together, I told my boyfriend I didn't want to have sex for a long time, but whenever things got passionate he would be very aggressive about it, and I got tired of fighting. Was it rape or was I just too weak to say no?
Im not going to bring up the other ways I was abused because I dont feel theyre necessary as this is a subreddit for sexual assault.I lived with my mom until I was 5. In that time I was molested by her boyfriends dad, my older sister, my dad, and a teenage boy we lived with. I told my mom every time I got touched places I knew I shouldn't be touched. -My dad got half custody when I was 2 and that's the age I started getting sexually assaulted. My dads wife knew about my moms drug habit so she told me every time I came over that if someone touches me in my private parts that I need to tell someone, and that person was my mom- My mom did nothing about me being sexually assaulted on a daily basis (mostly by my older sister) and I was very uncomfortable with it, so I told my step mom. My step mom figured the part about my dad was a misunderstanding so she didn't report that, but she did report the rest. I had to be examined by a doctor and they found vaginal wounds that could only be done by sexual assault. My moms boyfriends dad got charged with multiple counts of rape and molestation and was sentenced to 15 years in jail, but you know how fucked up our prison system is so he got released after serving only 3 fucking years. 3 out of 15 years... Oh and not to mention he's allowed to be around little kids. My sister, as she is only 3 years older than me, was supposed to go to therapy (but of course my mom didn't do that because it would interfere with her habit) and she is not allowed to be within 5 miles of me, which applies to my mom as well unless she does a drug test. If she does a drug test she can see me every Thursday-Saturday. She hasn't done it once.Nothing happened to my dad or the teenage boy because my step mom didn't report either. Flash forward to when I'm 12. I'm in 7th grade and I have a huge crush on a 16 year old boy who rides my bus. He knows this, as I was best friends with his little brother. I had never had any kind of relationship before (as I was only 12) so when he asked me out I said yes.He molested me on a daily basis for 2 weeks at one point, then he broke up with me because he found someone who would go farther with him willingly. A year later, when I'm 13 and he's 17, we decide to date again and he did the exact same thing again, except this time it went on for 3 weeks. Then we broke up because one of my friends got jealous and made him break up with me (clarification: she had a crush on both of us)Then a few months after I turned 14 I started dating an 18 year old (not the same guy I dated before). Now, I know this was consentual, but... I don't know I just feel more like he was pressuring me even though he knew I felt uncomfortable. I never exactly said no though... It started with him begging me for nudes, which I stood my ground for awhile... But then... It went a lot farther. I don't feel comfortable saying it, but I guess I have to... He had sex with (possibly raped?)  me. We broke up after 9 months, and I was the one who ended it. He was pretty upset and he told me to kill myself, which hurt me because I was in a really sensitive spot in my life, but not enough for me to do it. I never reported what either of my exes did to me because I didn't think anyone would believe me, as my mom adamantly denied that I had gotten molested by anyone, even though she witnessed me being molested many times. She called me a dirty whore and a liar.. And that was when I was 5...While I was dating him, I decided to finally do something about what my dad did to me, as he had had full custody of me since I was 5. I contacted CPS and they didn't do anything about it, well except tell my entire family that I was the one who reported it, which was exactly what I had asked them not to, because I knew they most likely wouldn't do anything, as they did nothing about me being molested. My step mom had to contact someone, I forgot who, to get anything to be done. My family ostracized me, and it literally took me attempting to kill myself 3 times and being sent to multiple hospitals to stop treating me that way.At the family meeting with CPS I decided to just tell everyone that it must have been a mixed up memory from when I got sexually assaulted by the teenage boy and then I started fake crying and said I was sorry and I should've known my dad didn't do any of that to me. After that my family accepted me back fully... Now I know a lot of you are thinking “well what if it really was a mixed up memory” and my answer to that is, no. I know its not because I remember at least one incident of being sexually assaulted by each person that sexually assaulted me. My mind never blocked them off and I've always remembered them, like I recall thinking about what my dad did to me and asking my neighbor if her dad did that to her when I was 7. Anyways, I'm 15 now and I don't know, my mind just feels so worn out lately... I feel so defeated and I want to isolate myself. I can't help but thinking about what if I get raped again or molested again... Nobody will believe me, CPS won't do anything if I'm still underaged while it happens, and police/the law doesnt take sexual assault seriously and often ignores rape cases unless it was a murder rape. (I may be wrong about that last part so please tell me if I am. I live in America btw) Anyways I just don't know what to do... Id appreciate if someone could give me some advice on how to cope with my past
6 days ago I was date raped by a man I had swapped numbers with the week before. Although he was attractive I personally wasn't (and still aren't) attracted to him, he's not my type. I reported it to the police the next day who have already arrested him, interviewed and tested him and have released him on bail. He said it was consensual but it wasn't and he knows it, I repeatedly said no and even tried calling for help.While I haven't slept much due to nightmares and anxiety I had one dream that I bumped into him when shopping, we went for a drink in the same bar as before and then went back to his house as we did on the date however this time rather than him forcing himself on me I was the one who initiated it and it was good sex. I never want to see him again, if it goes to court I don't know what I'll do, but that dream is making me question whether I want to have sex with him? This probably makes no sense but if anyone can explain or experienced a similar thing I would love to hear. By the way I was a virgin before this so I've never had sex with anyone else, could that be why?Thank you.
I was camping with friends at Dunefest in oregon. It was the last night and we were all drinking. I drank way to much and was in and out of consciousness. The bits and pieces i do remember was my who i thought was my friend carrying me back to camp and me arguing about how i didnt want to go to bed and that it was to early. Then i blacked out completely. I woke up the next morning in his tent with my panties off and my pants half way put back on. He was sleeping next to me naked. Everyone tells me that all night i was flirting and i couldnt call it rape. But to this day it still bothers me. Sober i wouldnt have slept with him. I stop breathing at the thoughht of myself being labeled as raped. I cant get peace of mind. And its been 2 years. 
Last Friday my GF and I were hanging out in my apartment. She really likes wine and we sometimes get a bottle and just chill out together. We got pretty drunk that day, specially her, who drank several more glasses than I did. We were dancing so the effect wore off really fast for me, but she kept drinking after we stopped dancing and got much drunker than me (she’s not a heavy drinker, we were just in the mood).We both got very emotional and at one point we cried together telling how proud we were of each other. After that we calmed down and watched TV while talking a lot. Things had cooled off until a scene in the movie we were watching made her lose control BIG TIME. The scene depicted a man physically and sexually abusing a woman (neither knew what the movie was about so it took us by surprise). He grabbed her by the chin and cornered her, then touched her. My GF completely lost it and started crying desperately, telling me to turn the TV off. She cried for 20 minutes while mumbling senselessly.After she calmed down she said that her older brother (7 years older) abused her for several years. It started when she was 12 and stopped when she left for college (18). She essentially left for college and never came back. Her relationship with her parents had always been rocky but it got worse after she left and, after a big falling out, they ultimately decided to stop paying her tuition. So she left and spent nearly 2 years working, saving to pay the rest herself. She did and has been working as a lawyer ever since (she’s a PhD now).I knew everything about her relationship with her parents, but she had never said anything about her brother’s behavior, just mentioned him in passing. Some of the things he did to her are beyond fucked up. I don’t want to detail too much, but he’d make her undress and turn around several times to “get a better look”, then force her to give him oral sex. Jesus christ, man? I was traumatized just by listening to her.The scene in question triggered her memories because he once cornered her in a similar way when she refused to do as he said. This occurred early on, so for the rest of their ‘encounters’ she was too scared to refuse. She never said anything about full-on rape but I think it’s pretty safe to assume that it happened (but I’m not completely sure).She cried herself to sleep in bed while I was holding her, yet Saturday morning morning was pretty normal, she woke up first and made breakfast for both. The subject hasn’t come up again, but it seems unlikely that she doesn’t remember telling me.WTF should I do? Like, should I bring it up again? Would it help? I’m extremely angry and sad. She hasn’t contacted her family in years so she doesn’t even know if they live in the same house and has, as far as I know, no way to communicate with her parents or brother. She’s close to a cousin that has seen them but that’s all I know.Is there any advice you can give me? Is there a next step to take? How should I approach her if I were to bring it up again? It seems strange that it took her 3 years, several glasses of wine and a trigger to bring it up. I mean, do most survivors hide their experiences from their partners for this long? It makes sense that she has trust issues, but there has never been any sign from her of something remotely similar to this.I’ve researched a bit and found that sometimes survivors become hypersexual, and other times they withdraw completely, but she does neither. She’s very composed and polite, well-educated and emotionally stable. She’s told me about her exes and she’s never been promiscuous nor overly shy. When you look at her, you see a healthy woman, so this comes as a real shock to me.Another thing. I also read that people block traumatic memories, but it doesn’t seem to be the case. It does look like she hadn’t revisited those particular memories in a while, but everything appears to be pretty clear to her. Any thoughts on that?Please advice me.**TL;DR: GF was abused by her brother for years and a scene from a movie triggered some ugly memories. Subject hasn’t been brought up again. What should I do?**
My friend and me have been friends since elementary school always very close. However, about a year ago we kind of stopped talking and only within the last month have gotten in contact again after she came home from studying abroad. We are starting to get closer again but it's not exactly the same we have both changed immensely. I found out a couple weeks ago though that she has gotten a job at my old place of work. I now work across the street I'm a pizza delivery driver. My rapist though still works there. So now my long time friend works with my rapist. I wanted to confide in her what had happened since it's still something I struggle with every single day. Especially since I see him delivering while I'm also making deliveries. But now I no longer feel I can because I don't want to put her in an uncomfortable position but also the thought of her working alongside him makes me sick. I can't decide whether or not to tell her. 
Sometimes I feel completely fine on one day (or for a few days), then completely destroyed after the next day (or for a few days).
Everything started when I started to wake up to what was happening to me. I was confused, distraught, and making a whole lot of excuses for what i was feeling. One night after i started to tell my ex that i was confused, he told me that he had seen some time ago that i was emotionally vulnerable, and that he had been trying to take advantage of me and manipulate me into sleeping with other people. This is ver batim. I was shaken and confused and all kinds of pieces of memories came rushing back to me, horrible things he had half-jokingly told me that he did to other people, situations he tried to put me in. Things he had done to me... people he told me he had molested and manipulated into sex, covertly and always with a ready dismissive excuse or explanation. "You must be confused", i told him. Surely the person i loved was just in distress, confused and rambling. But it was then i knew deep down i needed to get out. I know it's hard to understand why victims of manipulation don't leave a person or take action as soon as something terrible is said or done, but this is the nature of manipulation, and it is hard to understand unless you've been through it. Several days later he came home and told me he had asked his friends to sleep with me. I asked him if he was joking. He wasn't. I begged my parents to ask him to leave. My family kicked me out of the house and I was homeless while my ex remained in their home, and they tried to alienate me from anyone who stepped up to take me in, going as far as to call me a "disgrace" and an "adulterer" because a best friend of over a decade and his family was kind enough to take me in. My best friend, Bryan was also going through hell emotionally because he had just found out the child he was raising wasn't and never would be his. Unfortunately our social circles both united against us. They did their best to try to pin him as a "deadbeat dad", me an adulterer, and the both of us as scum for lack of better words, despite the fact that he and his family were the only ones protecting me, feeding me and encouraging me. My ex continued to cry in my family's face while shaming me, and they took his tears as proof of his innocence.With my ex at the forefront of the assault, I remembed a conversation I had with him a few weeks back when he tried to pressure me to have sex with Bryan and said that he wanted me to. I felt dead inside. My ex tried to get me to go to therapy. I refused to go with him as a couple, opting to see the same therapist (of his choosing) by myself. My heart was filed with hope because u thought i would finally get some help. When I arrived, I was greeted by a very angry middle-aged woman who proceeded to shame me for "having an affair" and refused to listen to a single thing I had to say about sexual and emotional abuse. It was obvious that he had brainwashed her against me long before my appointment. This is a classic tactic of manipulation, I later found out in one of my support forums. I won't deny that it didn't take me long to realize that I had feelings for this friend of mine who had done nothing but support and encourage me. It is still hard for me to understand how two people who had escaped highly traumatic relationships, even if they did decide to be together, could be "cheating" in any sense of the word... after what we had gone through. The harassment I continued to experience during this time was nothing short of a living hell. I was severely depressed, spending most of my time sleeping in a dark room and avoiding people at all costs. I was stalked and photographed, threatened via snapchat and defamed constantly by most of my family, while others told me I was a liar, "shitting" on my family, and that my ex would "never hurt a fly". "Go ruin your life somewhere away from us", they said. Again, ver batim. I have the emails. They even told me they were considering getting a restraining order against me, so that I would be discredited if I tried to do it first. My brother and his girlfriend even tried to accuse me of attempting to "ruin their relationship" but had no evidence of this since I had barely spoken to or about either of them in over a year, other than a snap chat we sent them in response to the threatening one I had recieved from them. My parents threatened to take my car away and gave me an ultimatum, "go to a therapist with Brandon of MY choosing", but I refused so they took my car away and told me they "couldn't support what I was doing". Then they gave me a car eventually to try to gain my trust, and I took it because it was the only way I was going to be able to work and make some money to get away from the hell I was in. It had bad breaks. My car accident happened. I still have severe anxiety from this incident, as I almost lost my life. Somehow when it was all done I only had two very broken hands and really bad ptsd from the incident. I really had angels looking out for me that day. I screamed each time I got in a car for weeks. My family used this incident to take advantage of my vulnerability and try to force me to be around my ex. I was helpless in the hospital bed and they brought him to "take care of me". I could do nothing but try to find some normalcy in the situation because i was in severe shock from the accident and totally helpless. But inside I was dieing to get away from him and my family members who were taking advantage of me. Much transpired during the time I was totally helpless without the use of my hands. My dad stepped up to support and help me and I can never thank him enough for doing that. I gave my parents information again about what had happened to me as well as what this person had admitted to doing to several people before me (horrifying things), and I had started to process what had happened to me more. I still couldnt call what happened to me rape, because as you may know, it often takes rape victims and victims of any sort of sexual, physical, or emotional abuse a long time to accept in their own mind what happened to them, let alone give other people the details of their horrifying experience. To this day, my parents still insist that I didn't tell them what happened, or didn't give them "enough details" (use the R word, etc.) But the fact is that I told them initially that I was being sexually abused and that he said he was taking advantage of my vulnerability to get me to sleep with others and eventually shame me, what more should be required for a family to immediately support and protect their daughter, sister, family member? In my mind, if I had woken up one day and realized i just didnt want to be with him anymore, it would still be my family's place to support me. It is my life, after all. Unfortunately it was far more serious than that. I gave them more grusome details as time went on but they seemed to conveniently forget them, as it put a wrench into their strange agenda of forcing me to be with my abuser.Eventually Bryan and I saved up enough money to move, 3000 miles away, literally with pennies left in our pocket after our expenses, and able to take nothing but a couple suitcases filled with clothes. We slept on the floor for months and worked a ton until we could afford some furniture. But we were happy, safe, and finally away from it all, even though we were still being harrassed and threatened. My mom wrote an email to bryan saying, "You better not come back to Georgia because you have enemies waiting to get even with you for screwing with so many lives." And that we "Owe her the money for the wedding". We have been doing great so far despite many therapy sessions, panic and ptsd attacks, depression, etc.My mom and I started talking again, after she falsely claimed to believe and support me, as she has done many times over this year and a half, only to betray my trust again and again. It has taken a lot of time for me to get past things. It seems like every time I decide to trust her again, the trust dies.Today my mom texted me. "Brandon says hi. He wants to know if he can have your hiking backpack." I replied, "Did you forget that this person raped and abused me?" She says, "Does he know that? Because I don't think you told him. Everyone thinks it was because of the affair."I had no idea my family was even still communicating with my ex.I say all this not because I feel I have something to prove, I know in my heart that I owe noone any sort of proof or explanation for what happens with my body and my life, but after the outpour of people messaging me and my friend today after sharing my story on Facebook, I was inspired to be even more vocal about what I have endured. Rape culture is real, and the most abusive people are not those who lurk in the alleys, but those friends and family members who are around us each and every day. My family is still citing their impression of our 5 year relationship as proof of his innocence and that I am lieing. We need to fight for and support each other, women and men. The statiatics are too jarring to comprehend. A huge percentage of rape and abuse victims either never speak up or are not believed, and on the rare occasion that action is taken, the vast majority of the time the perpetrator of abuse is let go, without consequence. To this day I am still being attacked, my family has people I don't even know wanting to put my address online, I assume so someone can come kill/hurt me? All because of some lies they made up...I can assume that this is all talk, but crimes of passion happen every day, especially to women in my situation. I am posting this in the hopes that someone going through a similar situation will know that they are not alone.
This is the first time I've really talked about this except with my partner, and it's been a bit of a rough ride. I always hesitate to call it rape because of a variety of reasons (Rape vs "Made to Penetrate", lack of violence, gaslighting etc) but it probably falls under that definition.Last year I went back to sort some paperwork at my old uni and also join some friends for a reunion/birthday celebration and was staying with a FWB who wasn't part of that friendship group for a couple of days. Things were fine until the last night when I got back to theirs later than planned, drunker than planned, and just wanted to sleep. There had been some talk about things happening but I just really wasn't in the mood anymore and had to get up in a few hours for a train home. First it started withguilt tripping, how I don't visit enough and had promised this and they had dressed up for it, but when that didn't work it switched to anger "Well why did you even bother coming back tonight then?". Faced with the implication of being kicked out with my bags with nowhere to stay (I caught the last bus back, the rest of the group all lived/were staying in the next town over) and not really able to afford a taxi, my drunk brain decided to assent to the demands. I put on a show, went along with what they wanted and expected of me, until they were satisfied and I could just go to the bathroom and feel crap before having to sleep next to them.Until recently they still claimed to be in love with me, despite me breaking off the arrangement soon after and since finding my supportive partner. I think their obsession has finally turned to anger, and they've convinced most of the mutual friends that I was cheating on them. That suits me fine though as it burns any bridges between us and prevents further manipulation.I don't really know what I expect by posting here, it just helps to finally put it out there. I guess if I had a reason it is probably to ask if this "counts"? It hasn't Deeply impacted me, there was no violence, the legal definition doesn't agree with me so I guess I often don't feel justified in calling it rape.
So a year ago I turned in my ex step dad for molesting me from age 5 to age 14. I am now a 21 yr old single mother of a 2yr old. (Her father is mentally emotionally and verbally abusive and has violent anger outburst.) I went through the whole prossess of turning in my step dad. He was arrested in December 2015. He plead guilty on April 20, 2016. 3 separate counts of child molestation and one count of continuous molestation. He is now a violent sexual predator. I went to his sentencing June 10. 21 years in prison and into a mental institution after that if he survives prison... And I've been struggling with my mental health since.... I am getting 'new memories ' I had locked away deep inside my mind I guess.. the bad ones make me feel sick and dirty and betrayed. The good memories make me feel guilty he's there.. but I was a mistress my whole childhood... would he have taken me to these wonderful places if I hadn't been his little sex doll?
Oh god, I have been avoiding going on here to type this out because it's just a lot. So i'm using a throwaway mainly because there's someone out there who knows what happened. I dont think he browses reddit though. I am SO sorry if this is long, it's a lotIn May, I started dating this guy. He was a football player, and while had the potential to be popular, his personality turned people off because he could be annoying. This is because he was a little insecure about himself and cared way too much about what people thought of him. Which is why he never dated anyone or had any friends he repeatedly hung out with (he was pretty well liked but still a lonely high school life, he emphasized this a lot). I knew he wasn't actually like this and we had A LOT in common in terms of hobbies and views, so I had liked him since I was a sophomore. It was an otherwise awesome relationship.About a month into our relationship we spent the night at his house with my friend and her boyfriend at the foot of the bed. We fell asleep together and I woke up. Once he saw I was awake he started groping me and grabbing my chest. I mean, I started to like it because hey; I liked him a lot. But then I was like, oh shit our friends our there lets stop. But he wouldnt, i'd move his hands away from my breasts and he would just put it back on there and then grab my ass over and over. I couldn't fight a 200 guy made of pure muscle, I was getting fatigued. Eventually he stopped and got up and went to brush his teeth.I had this feeling, where i just knew I was being used, not because of that incident but because of his history. He was obviously bothered by being a virgin and lack of relationship history and I felt like I was just there to help him catch up with it. I held on to that 1% chance that wasnt true, because I had never been in love with someone so much before.But that experience left me uneasy, his eyes were dilated, he didnt blink, he didnt hear me when I talked. Was making love supposed to be like that? It was like a zombie.2-3 months I refused to have sex with him because a.) no condom b.) my birth control was outta wack and c.) i did not trust him completely. So he did eventually bring 2 condoms, one of them I ripped up and the other was burned up in his car wreck (which i'll get to later).he did this again staying at my house overnight, which I just got so physically tired saying no and taking his arms off me so I just yelled "GO HOME GO HOME" over and over. He is the type of person not to show much emotion, so he just laughed it off and left. Then I get a long text message as an apology.One night as he left my house he got into a wreck and almost died. He was bedridden and while bedridden always wanted to do it, but no offense but I think it would suck for his first time to be where he's immobile so I refused, plus I did not trust him and vocalized this a lot. His I love yous were weird, they sounded more like a question and much more forced. I was so insecure about him not actually loving me, but just using me. I cried a lot about it.months later i'm done. I just cant move on from it. He stopped doing it and apologized but I cant forgive someone for doing that to me. He doesnt see it as sexual assault, he and everyone else this forsaken place does not see it that way. I broke up with him and asked him one question "did you actually love me?" his reply broke my heart, a long paragraph saying he never once did.So little angry me goes on a rant on facebook (i know, but i hadnt used it in like a year i was just so heartbroken) about it. I get a text from his mom and stuff, telling me not to talk bad about him and that he just doesnt know how to be a boyfriend (she didnt know about the sexual assault) she asks why we broke up, because now shes confused (i made it seem like we broke up because he said he didnt love me) and i tell her it's her son's job to tell her that and he just told her he made me uncomfortable sometimes.To prevent from making this long, I went back to his house for some closure (something his mom talked him into doing ughhhh) and we talked, he cried, saying he didnt care about that anymore (the sex) and wanted me back. I took him back, we hugged, it didnt feel right.We lasted a week after that. I broke up with him. Now here i am, a year later, much fatter, still heartbroken, and still upset over something that happened so long ago. He got over it within a week, is very happy, blahblah life is not fair. I can't leave my car sometimes because im so scared to see him, his family owns a very popular buisness in our small town so his building and family is 5 minutes away from me, also his house is 10 minutes awya from me. I dont know why im so scared, i'm just so scared to see him. I don't know if this was sexual assault, it's not like I didn't do sexual stuff with him and there were times were i'd grab his junk jokingly because I wanted his affection for once. I don't know and I don't know how to move on from him. I still cry.TL;DR: I dont know if my ex assaulted me or not? I honestly can not really tell because he doesnt view it that way and i'm starting ot think maybe im wrong. I also cant move on from him even though its been a year. It's still controlling my life.
I was SA as a child over several years.  I have been away from the situation for a while but memories started coming back.  Recently, I have been have trouble kissing.  Being forced to kiss while being assaulted was more degrading than anything else that happened to me.   I'm planning to marry my partner in October. By all rights, I should be able to do normal things like hug and kiss him, right?  I feel horrible about it.  I get a horrible, horrible trapped feeling.  I forget I am able to move my limbs.  I forget that I'm safe where I am.  I just...freeze.  He has been very understanding and very willing to take things at my speed but I feel like I'm letting him down.  :/Anyone else have this problem?
Him and I were dating for about 6 months before our first break-up. We were both 17 at the time and as stupid as possible. I loved him more than anything and would do anything to get him back, so we still had casual sex. You know, he'll love me again if I blow him enough times, right? :DHe was my first (and I learned that I was his first like a month ago, not sure why he told me now, 9 years in the future, but ok). We did try some stuff, but he knew what I didn't want to do. Not at that point in my life and our relationship.That evening started as usual and I was thrilled when I saw him. I was also drunk, maybe drunkest I've ever been in my life, and don't remember half of the night (which is not common to me, at all). So as I was trying to not throw up he started to touch me and tried to kiss me. I really wasn't in a state of mind to decided will I have sex, but he knew that I loved him and I have never, *ever*, turned him down. It was in a public, but not so much public, space. Not sure how to put it better - we had *some* privacy. It all started as normal as possible and I was just thinking how gross it would be to start puking at that point and wasn't really concentrated to the things he's doing. As it all progressed I realized that he wanted to have anal sex. I started to pull back and stop him from, well, trying to fuck me in the ass without any lube or **my permission**. He was like "it's ok, I'll be gentle". At that point we were interrupted by footsteps and stopped. He acted as if I was just scared of the pain, and not actually wanting him to stop. He acted as if my "please stop" was in a "I'm saying stop, but please don't stop" way. He acted that way because he knew (or at least hoped) that I wasn't able to say no and that it would be even easier to overpower me. He acted that way because he just wanted to have anal sex and he didn't care do I want it too.I feel stupid about that situation since I *did* want to have normal sex (not really want, but I was ok with it), but anal was a no-no and he knew that pretty well since, like I wrote, we talked about it. We still had sex few times after that but I did notice that I'm much less relaxed when with a guy. It doesn't matter how long I know him, if things get a bit "rough", I always wonder will he stop if I say "stop".You know that state of mind when you have sex and kind of "lose control"? Well, that state of mind is the scariest possible scenario for me. I never let myself feel like that and I start to have panick attack if I think that my partner is in that possition. I was in a relationship for 7 years after that and even in the end I was still scared will my husband get so horny that he'll lose his control and wont be able to stop.Oh, yeah, I also like to stop during sex just to see *can I* stop the actions.I don't think that I've enjoyed sex in the way I should have. My anxiety, OCD and other shit made this story even worse. I don't know how bad it actually is. 
I went to summer camp with him. He really liked me, despite the fact he was 15 and i was 13. He asks me out, but a week later i break up with him because he's too clingy. We stay friends. Next summer, I go back to camp, a boyfriend at home. He was there again, so we hang out a lot. I notice he has strange habits- holding my thigh or wrapping arms around me. He knows i have a boyfriend. Last night of camp. I am napping, half awake. He sits next to me. I feel his hand go up my shirt, then down my shorts. He rubs between my legs, grabs my ass. I pretend to be asleep, terrified. He is 16, soon to be 17. I have just turned 14. I have since confronted him. He took 2 months to appologize. I never reported him.
So I'm on mobile so forgive any of my grammar or spelling mistakes but anyways, I want to get this off my chest.He didn't exactly rape me, more of a sexual assault but I'll give you a bit of a back story. I was 13 when he was 19, we dated for a bit and he pressured me to send nudes. When I told him I was gaining feelings for him, he ended things stating he promised to marry another 14 year old. We continued on our friendship when one day he told me I'd never see him again unless I had sex with him. Being the young naive idiot I was, I complied. Everything was going well after that until about a year later. He told me he was in love with me and wanted to marry me. We decided to hang out at his house, another horrible mistake on my part. We had sex, per usual, then he went on to get engaged to my best friend two weeks later. They split up and our friendship slowly goes away. I'm 15 at a friends house. She lives with her BF who is good friends with this man, let's call him H from now on.I'm drinking a bit, as would most dumb teenagers when he messages me. It was harmless flirting at this point, at least in my eyes. I told him I only wanted cuddles and whatnot. Then my friends BF decides we should walk to his house which is down the street. We do, and H drags me off to the bedroom. It seemed innocent enough at first, I was actually about asleep when I felt his hands brush over my lower abdomen. I panic and am now fully awake. I'm telling him no at this point, trying to find means of escape but he has his leg over mine and is stronger than me of course, along with the fact I'm still drunk. Just as I'm about to give up hope of escape, my other friend yells out to me that she wants to go home. He quickly gets off of me and I run from the room. When we get back to my friends house, I'm crying about the whole ordeal and they all seem supportive. I eventually tell my best friend about it, the one who was engaged to him at some point, and she seems furious at what happened. She tries to tell me he did the same to her, but I struggle to understand if he really did.I say this for the simple reason that she still seeks a friendship with him. As do my other friends. I'm going to go off on a slight rant right here and say, I don't think they believe me. (Besides the one who said she wanted to go home, she told me she did that because She didn't trust him.) I don't think they believe me because I'm typically the type to get myself into these situations. One being the time I told a guy repeatedly no, until I realized there was no way out of it and complied. My friend ended up starting a relationship with him even after I told her. I just used to be a dumb teenager, I was only able to fully consent one time when I had sex and that's with my current BF. I have never reported any of the past people, nor told many people, because I find myself saying it was my fault. As do a lot of my friends. Like when I lost my v-card at 12, they say that's my fault. The man got me drunk, which that I completely agree was wrong and signals should have gone off in my head since he himself was 19. But it didn't, I was a sheltered kid and always believed this stuff happened to other kids. Anyways, while I was crying he shoved his tongue down my throat and basically forced himself upon me. Everyone states that one is my fault, which is fine because it partly is. I just wish my real life friends would believe me on this one because I know for a fact I said no. Repeatedly. Just like before. Sorry for my big rant, I just needed to get this off my chest. 
I got raped a month ago by a stranger when I was abroad. It wasn't violent or anything, but I feel incredibly ashamed, violated and dirty. I feel this 24/7. I've been finding that everything in my surroundings trigger anxiety and reminds me of what happened. Triggers can range from making me feel very angry to disgusted to just panic and paranoia. When I'm watching a show and a guy flirts with a girl, I feel very uncomfortable and disgusted with the guy. I am terrified to be alone but I hate being around others. I feel disgusted by men. Being physically touched or poked, even gently, makes me incredibly upset. I constantly feel hyper-vigilant, angry or irritated. I feel like I deserved rape. Being raped recently also triggered my thoughts about my childhood abuse i faced for a short time although it didn't really affect me while I was growing up. I crave hugs but feel disgusted when I actually hug someone.  I've been with my boyfriend for 5 years and I love him a lot, but when he tries to be affectionate, I now feel disgusted and a little bit violated. I haven't wanted to contact a therapist because I don't know if I can open upto a stranger; I don't feel like being a textbook case, I want to be a person to them. I've told my boyfriend about how I'm feeling but he doesn't understand and it almost seems like he doesn't think it's a big deal so yeah I don't know what to do. 
Sorry if this comes out as jumbled and rambley. I'm not too good at writing.So I have a little sister who last night told my mother something very disturbing. Apparently one of the boys that sits at the same table as her told her and the other kids in their group that his older brother touches his privates. My little sister said she asked him why he wouldn't tell their teacher and his response to that question was a panicked 'no, don't tell her". He then explained that the last time he had told people, who I'm assuming were child welfare workers, came to his home and asked him a bunch of questions. Sadly his parents told the welfare people that he was known for lying and I guess the dumbasses just left or something. After that the boy made everyone swear not to tell anyone else, but my sister ended up telling since she started to cry while she was getting bathed by my mom. Now my mom also comes from a shitty family with a... less than likeable mother and father so she was able to deduce that the molestation is probably something that the parents are aware of and may have even done it themselves to the older brother, but keep it a secret to keep up their appearance (which would explain why they would tell the welfare people that their kids lying rather than beating the older brothers ass). My family really wants to do something about this because who the fuck would turn a blind eye to this, but we can't just call the welfare people ourself since the parents would just say he's lying again and the child would probably just have a harder time living in that house. What would be the best course of action to take?
So a few days ago I met up with some friends and had a beer for the first time in a long time and decided to stay out and drink a little while my SO stayed home with our son. A little turned into a lot and I can hardly remember anything.I remember falling over again and again while walking through the woods with a couple of guys my friend knew. Then a flash of me having sex with one of them but I don't know what happened because I was so stupidly drunk, which was my fault definately. I think I was in and out of conciousness but I just can't remember.I don't know what to do now but I feel incredibly used and violated, but I don't know if I gave consent or not because I can't remember anything. I know the guys were sober because the last thing I remember before the forest was my friend saying they were picking us up in a car.I don't know what to do or what to think but the guilt is eating me up inside.
I am really new to Reddit, if I do something wrong I will fix it if anyone points it out. This does contain graphic content, but what doesn't in this category... This started way before the time of the final encounter. In high school, I enrolled in JROTC (unofficial military program in place of gym). Almost the end of the year, I was deep into depression, and I thought for my golden birthday, I was going to finally end it all. I've had that thought for years. Anyways, Every morning before class i hung out with a bunch of cadets chilling in the office even though I really didn't have much of a social life, until I met my current Best friend, "Peter". Along with him, I met another guy named "Joe". Joe and I never hung out outside of class, but something changed between us, and he seemed to like me more than a friend. Completely dumbfounded, this never happened to me. I was overweight, looked awful in uniform, frequent cutter. After some mornings, we decided to have a notebook to write to each other and exchange between classes when we could. This happened until about 1/5 of the notebook was full. Closing in on my birthday soon, I asked if he liked me in the notebook. To my complete surprise, he said yes with a tongue sticking smiley face. That's not what surprised me. It was after, saying he already had a commitment to an online relationship. I was upset he lead me on, but I have never been a person to be angry, it makes me sick to my stomach, so it just naturally converted to guilt, and just general upsetting. I don't know why, but I've always been apathetic towards everything, this included, besides self hate and guilt. Merely a day or two later, I lost it and Peter told my school i was suicidal, birthday in about a week. My parents found the notebook when they were notified in my backpack and contributed it to the cause. I ended up in the hospital for almost a week, and was released right before my birthday. We never talked to each other after that. Fast forward to junior year, the beginning of summer. I just got a job (that was completely abusive), to my surprise Joe got back in touch. He said he was no longer in a committed relationship, and wanted to hang out. We rekindled the relationship..Things started turning bad. I confided to him about my job, but he always said I was exaggerating. We eventually went fishing and I broke down for some unknown reason, so he reluctantly went with me to my car. I was uncomfortably positioned inbetween the passenger and driver seat, after crying and laying partly on him. I stopped crying, in a state where I wanted to pass out and forget what was bothering me, hoping he would just let me chill out for a bit. It took a dark turn when he slowly put his hand on mine, and carelessly but slowly led it on top of his zipper. I was so shocked i didn't pay attention, trying to show i was asleep, but he didn't seem to care. Eventually I came to, went back to the driver seat and dropped him off. That was the last time I went fishing with him. Everytime I hung out with him, he told me he needed to go places and do things for his mom. This was every single time I saw him, and since I was driving, it was really pissing me off. Often we would park to the side of parking lots, now habitual for him to rip my clothes off. I tried my hardest not to let it happen, but this "man" (not my choice of word....) was over 6ft, myself a little over 5ft. He easily could overpower me. I tried to stay around his town, because it was a lot of work driving between our towns, back and fourth, and filling up gas. I decided to bring him home one day. My brother was sitting on the couch, playing video games, and we were on the behind couch, him laying down taking up the whole thing, and me sitting on the floor in front of him. He urged me to "take care of him" . I told him that was crazy, my brother right there. He wasn't taking no as an answer. Me, having no idea what the f*** to do, I complied, scared. He finished himself in the bathroom. I took him home shortly afterwards. It was one of the last times he came over. The last time I saw him that summer, we parked a little ways from a big parking lot so we could have privacy, as per his instructions. It turned violent when he as usual took off my shirt, while I was trying to tell him I was scared I would lose my job. He told me it was bullshit, and I tried to get out of his grasp, but  he held onto my chest, pinching and not letting me go, biting into my arm, I told him to let me go, it was hurting, he expressed his doubts, eventually letting me go. I sprung out of the car, putting my clothes back on, and awkwardly drove him home. He exchanged an awkward farewell, and I drove home. I never told anyone.Fast forward again less than a year later, I went on a dating site and happened to message, you know who, him. Joe told me he was sorry, still owed me an Ice cream, and wanted to meet up. After chatting a while, I agreed. I won't go into details, but he hadnt. A similar situation happened like the last visit, except later that night he sent me a text that he had a gun and shot the ceiling. Here is where my final encounters around him happened, and it was not how I expected it. I got out of school early due to anxiety, and I sighed and stopped by his house. He was at school, but I wasn't there for him. I was there for his mom. I told her who i was, and that I was worried about his well being, no intent on seeing him, but I wanted him to get help. I told her what he texted me, but she didn't believe me, stating she knew Her son more than I did. I tried to persist, saying what he texted again in depth, previous conversations with other alarming things. She started getting angry with me, the sentence "You're here with Bad intentions" engraved in my head forever, and I pleaded with her. She said to get the hell off her lawn, or she would call the police. I obliged, completely surprised at someone saying this to me. I haven't seen him since that night thankfully, I don't liver around there anymore, but I do occasionally check on his facebook which he didn't use too often the last I looked. I Now have a good boyfriend Who treats me right, takes care of me more than I could ever imagine. I have a guinea pig named Squeaks that helps me feel better. No one really knows the full extent of what happened, I'm sorry if I wrote this boringly or bad. Sadly, my friend Peter lives around his house, and I get anxiety when I go around there. I beg anyone who gets in this situation to get help or get out safely. Thank you to ANYONE who listened, read this, offers suggestions, encourages me, anything really. 
Last night me and two other friends all aged 19 were invited round to my friends bosses house after having a couple of drinks down the pub. The night started of fine and it carried on that way until me and my other friend went outside for some fresh air. Upon returning my friend and the boss were in a room alone with my friend not responding to any of our questions asking if he is okay or not. At this point we begin to worry in which I storm in there and grab my friend and get out of there. Once we are far away and things have settled we trying talking to our in friend, in which he can't remember anything thats just happened in the 15 minutes that he was alone with him apart from the first couple of minutes. In the first couple of minutes he said he consented to kissing. I believe that he has been drugged at some point, taken advantage of and luckily I've managed to stop something. My heads all over the place and I really don't know how to get about this.
I’m struggling with some past sexual trauma, from when I was 19/20 years old (I’m now 30). At the time, I was working as a stripper and, sometimes, a prostitute. I avoided thinking about this stuff until about a year ago, when it became unavoidable and kind of knocked me off my feet.Although I am doing much better nowadays, daily life still feels like a slog; I find myself thinking about this stuff in the background basically all of the time. It makes me feel quite cut off from other people and I rarely sleep properly. I also still struggle with intimacy – my fiancé is understanding and does not pressure me but I can tell he is frustrated and worried. My employers are also supportive and have reduced my workload temporarily, but this won’t last forever. I can’t seem to help berating myself for not being over this yet.Only discussed with my BF and therapist, who has suggested I start thinking about an ‘exit plan’ for our sessions. Hence, trying to name what happened.My question is: can I ask for your honest opinions on how you would categorise these incidents? I think that part of the problem is, because there a few different incidents, from so long ago, and they are in the ‘grey area’, I find it hard to trust my memories and I go over and over and over the details trying to decide what I think happened. As a result, I am really struggling to move on. To make it more complicated, because I was also working as a stripper/prostitute when most of these happened, the ‘normal rules of engagement’ don’t necessarily apply. It would mean a lot to me to hear a few different views from other people, even if they don’t all align.I refer to the legal definitions below, but just to clarify, I’m not planning to go to the police.**Incident 1 (I was 19)**: When I was very drunk (emerging from a blackout) I went home with my ex-BF (19M – we'd broken up about 6 months previously). In bed, he jumped on top of me, pulled down my knickers and got inside me before I realised what was going on. No talking/kissing/foreplay beforehand. I wasn’t wet – it hurt a lot. Once I realised, I yelped and bit him as hard as I could, but didn’t say ‘no’ or fight him off. He didn’t stop. I’d told him no just before we went to bed but, due to blackout, don’t remember what I said earlier in the night. Wasn’t scared, just hurt, confused and angry.Is this rape? It potentially meets the UK legal definition but I feel I can’t put it in that category because it belittles other peoples’ (much worse) experiences and I don’t think he belongs in prison.**Incident 2 (4 months later)**: Working as a lapdancer, agreed to let a drunk, angry customer (40?M) touch me in return for him paying for an hour with me and 4-5 other girls (for his friends). He started roughly penetrating me with all of his fingers. I restrained him and told him to be more discrete/gentle, but I did this politely as he was a customer. This made him angrier; it was very stressful. When I was turned to face away from him, he started again with the penetration, more vigorously this time, and I just bent over the table and let him do it. Other people who saw it were upset, but I didn’t particularly feel anything at the time. Afterwards I was sore and felt stupid, ashamed.Was this sexual assault? Again it potentially meets the UK legal definition but I feel like most other people would have just removed themselves from the situation. I just let it happen.**Incident 3 (9 months later, aged 20)**: Again working as a lapdancer, I was alone with a customer (53M) in a private area of the club. The club manager had warned me in unspecific terms that the customer was ‘demanding’. We were breaking the ‘no contact’ rules and I was talking dirty to him. I did this voluntarily but felt a bit out of my depth. He seemed desperate, deluded and overexcited; he was also drunk. At some point, he unzipped himself and I fell into an acute state of panic: choking sensations, racing/garbled thoughts, wobbly legs. I tried to look for help but no-one was there. When he told me to sit down I obeyed automatically, then he got hold of me and I froze. I don’t remember how we actually started having sex. When I realised what was happening, maybe a minute later, I told him to stop. He did. I was really shaken and made some odd decisions afterwards, including going home with him. I felt furious with myself and deeply, deeply ashamed afterwards. It also indirectly led to me being basically pimped by the club manager and another dancer in the months afterwards.I was quite badly traumatised by this; it does not fit the definition of rape but I don’t know what to call it. Again, I feel like most people would have just walked away. On the other hand, it was not normal behaviour, even in a strip club; none of my other customers did this, and usually if you want extras you have to offer to pay for them. He did not discuss it with me beforehand. Also, I was giving him plenty of signals that he could have interpreted as consent but – crucially – it was my job to create that fantasy for him. I feel like an objective ‘fly-on-the-wall’ observer would have seen this was not consensual, but a drunk, horny guy in the middle of the situation might not have. I am certain he thought it was consensual, although he was utterly mistaken. I hate that I don’t know what to call this.**Incident 4 (2 months later)**: Now starting to work as a prostitute on the side, I picked up a customer (46M) and we met for sex during the daytime. I was reluctant to do this after he pestered me for my number and called me repeatedly from an unknown number, but he seemed harmless and a bit dumb. When we were alone in the room his manner was completely different – amused, condescending, domineering. He refused to wear a condom. I was quite frightened but tried to ignore it. He badgered me into letting him try anal, promising he’d stop if I wanted. Once he was in, he wouldn’t take no for an answer. I don’t remember if I said yes, but I said no a lot. I ‘left my body’ as he started having anal sex with me. It did not hurt, during or after. After he stopped doing this I was quite worn down. I asked him not to come inside me, he did it anyway; I don’t remember if I said yes. Afterwards, I felt panicky and got in the shower asap to scrub myself and scoop out the semen.Again, I was quite traumatised by this, and initially would have panic attacks if I tried to talk about it. If I said yes, then this doesn’t meet the legal definition of rape, but I still think it was sexual abuse / coercive sex. If I didn’t say yes, it was possibly rape as well. I think he knew full well was he was doing; TBH, I suspect he was too clever to use force when he could just manipulate me.He started stalking me shortly after this. Despite this, we continued to meet for another couple of months. He liked to make me uncomfortable, spitting on me, ordering me around, making me do things that were quite humiliating. Gradually, he paid me less and less so that eventually we were having full sex for £80 in a grubby station hotel – when I challenged him on this, he said that’s all I was worth. I don’t remember why I continued to meet up with him, but I do remember realising that I had no control over him, and I might as well just let him do what he wanted. I would just zone out and go full rag doll, didn’t even try to respond. I fell pregnant, I’m fairly certain due to him, because although I was sleeping with other men, I didn’t let anyone else come inside me. For a while, this experience really broke me.The worst part is that, during our first few meetings, I had orgasms. I found this so confusing, and it was the main reason I didn’t immediately cut off contact.Not that it’s particularly relevant to the story, but he was also married with a family. I’m glad I’m not them.I am pretty clear that this was sexual abuse. I don’t know why I didn’t just cut off contact, but he had such a hold over me that I stopped trying to defend myself. I think that was intentional on his part. I am almost certain he had done this before. I kind of feel like this should be illegal; it depresses me to know it isn’t.
I was raped by a coworker a few months ago and finally told my mentor and supervisor about it.  I asked to keep it confidential, but my supervisor has told someone in personnel and I have to meet with someone in personnel to discuss this.  Has anyone had similar experiences?  How did it go?  I'm very paranoid that this will not go well since I DO NOT want to tell them which coworker it is.
Hi guys, this is kind of a hard thing to talk about but here it goes. When I was a kid, probably around preschool age (5 years old?), I started sexually experimenting with my best friend (a girl the same age) I would ask her to play the "licky game" with me. I got caught and heavily shamed for what happened.As I got older, I hated my body. I would wear giant hoodies and sweatpants even in the summer. I got heatstroke at school one day because of it. I started seeking attention from boys I met online (on that website Gaiaonline.com). When my sister told me I had to buy my first bra I had a legitimate breakdown that ended up with me speaking to a child counselor. I did not know how to deal with puberty and a developing body.At this age I also started showing symptoms of depression. I had horrible personal hygiene. I wouldnt brush my hair to the point where it would get matted. I wouldnt shower or brush my teeth, I got bullied a lot in elementary school for this.My parents got divorced when I was around 10 but they were never happy together. My dad would often stay at his bosses house and I would go with him sometimes. We stayed at a house on the beach completely alone.I remember we had no TV so we would watch shows on his computer and he would "accidentally" show me porn. I always thought it was an accident so I never told anyone about it. I also remember always finding my dads playboy magazines around the house out in the open. I also remember how when we would go in the ocean his bathingsuit was really thin and sometimes I would see his penis.I dont remember a lot of my childhood, it seems like before 6th grade (12 years old-when we moved out of my dads house) everything is kind of just gone. I have really limited memories and anything I do remember doesnt involve my dad. Most things I remember are because my sisters told me about it.For example, when my parents were in the process of getting divorced, my dad traveled a lot. We went to a lot of different states so he could manage his bosses houses. I cant even remember where we went. I do remember being horribly anxious and my dad refusing to let me have my phone so I could contact my mom because I wanted to go home. I was so scared of him.I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and general anxiety. Recently, my middle sister showed me a letter my dad wrote to my oldest sister when she was around 13 (she is 30 now). He was saying things like "i love you with every fiber of my being every beat of my heart" and "they have a connection not many fathers and daughters have" and "he loves her more than a daughter". My middle sister also told me that my dad kept a note she wrote to her friend about her first kiss in his sock drawer with his porn VHS tapes.I should say that my dad is incredibly manipulative and controlling. My sisters and I are all terrified of him even though he never hit us. He stalked us for a while when we moved out of his house. He told my mom she was letting me dress like a whore when I wore leggings at 13. He is very passive aggressive and we have never really had a great relationship. He was horrible to my mom and still is to this day.Ever since my sister showed me that letter I have been thinking back to the things I do remember. I feel like I was too young to be playing sexual games with my friends, I knew too much too soon. There were so many warning signs in my behaviors. I keep connecting the dots and things are kind of starting to make sense for once.I was kind of wondering if anyone has similar experiences with lack or memories, grooming behaviors, or consequences of being sexually abused as a child. I see a therapist once a month and I'm seeing her soon so I want to bring it up with her, but the more i acknowledge the possibility that something really did happen the more scared I get.TLDR: Looking back on my behaviors as a child and my issues as an adult, I think its possible I was sexually abused as a child. I dont remember any physical abuse, but I do remember some things that dont feel right.
Hi. This is just a vent because I can't fucking take this shit any longer and I have nobody IRL i can to talk about this with.If you wanna know the whole story you can go through my post history - not particularly happy reading though! **TW below.**To summarise, I was assaulted in March, a girls night out that was meant to be with just my best friend (of 14 years) but she decided to bring friends i hadn't met before, but she had known for the last two years. I was unconscious/sleeping after the night out and woke up to one of the guys assaulting me. Immediately went to the police, guy is arrested, now out on bail, pending decision/sentencing by Crown Prosecution Service. Those of you in the UK know how long this shit takes and it is infuriating to say the least. Said 'best friend' hasn't talked to me since the day after it happened for reasons fucking unknown to me except she's a textbook fucking narcissist. Friday night I see posted on Facebook her hanging out with my rapist. LAUGHING. DRINKING. With all my other key witnesses for the night. I have never felt this angry in my life and i'm still calming down from it five days later.What the fuck is wrong with people? What the fuck is wrong with her? What is the point of being friends with someone for 14 years, seeing them go through shit, then to just dump them? Dump them when they fucking NEED YOU the most? I feel like i'm grieving and I hate her almost as much as I hate him for what he's done to me. Because I never in a million years thought she would do this to me. To not talk to me, then to almost rub it in my fuking face and HANG OUT WITH HIM. AND DRINK ALCOHOL AND TAKE A PICTURE LAUGHING TOGETHER. What SICK FUCK does that!?!?!? I don't know how to deal with this anger and how to deal with her. I don' know what to fucking do!Fucking hate people. It leaves me with no trust in people, no trust in my judgement and no love for humans. 
My father is a loving and caring man, however during my teenage years we argued a lot etc and recently we had the largest falling out we've ever had. My mum had once told me last summer that something had happened to him as child which meant that he couldn't deal with confrontation very well or often.My dad and I made up after around a month, but when we reconciled, he admitted to me that him and a friend were raped by a teacher when he was at school (I believe it must have been around the age of 12 or so), and that he had never told his parents etc and he doesn't like talking about it. As far as I could tell from the situation, his friend and himself wrote a letter to the school (must have been late 1970s, early 1980s) describing the basics of the incident, and I believe the man was fired for being inappropriate, but never went to court etc.This was now a few months ago that he told me this, and I never know if he wants to talk about it, because he acts like he doesn't. He said the only people he's ever told, other than his friend, and in that letter was my mother, and only briefly before they married (and never talked about it since).Should I ever bring up the subject? Do you think that he should seek any support or help? I know some of you have been in similar situations, so advice from the perspective of my dad would be greatly appreciated.
I was molested when I was 8 and now I'm 15. I told my sister that I might go to court because I want him to go to jail for what he did and that he's a child molester. And my sister told me that "that was the past" and that he's probably not gonna do it again. I'm mad rn because shouldn't she be supporting me. It feels like she thinks that me getting molested by OUR related uncle is not a big problem(notice that he molested me multiple times). Plus he's coming to my baby sisters birthday and I don't want him near her.
This story was told to me by a friend, we'll all her brie.In advanced, i want to say she has been depressed all her life and, this was her second time being raped.So,when Brie was about 8 or 10 (don't blame me for not remembering) she was kidnapped and kept in his house for about 3 hours before she went from the upstairs room where she was down to the living room.This, is where the trouble started.She already had bruises and was scared out of her mind trying to call the police.but, she was caught and he screamed "what the FUCK are you doing?"He had a knife. after that was sorta fuzzy since, it was long ago and she spared a lot of details.Somehow she had escaped and got home. For reference, she lived in a large neighbor hood with her grandma living a couple minutes away. But went home and told her parents.Sadly, not much was done.And i feel angry that nothing happened because, it was obvious that she was scared and hurt very bad.To this day i'm glad my friend is still alive. To the rapist I hope your rotting in jail, dieing a painful death. you sick fuck
I told my mom that I was molested by my uncle when I was around 8(I'm 15 rn). She told me that I could go to court or just keep it a secret. I want to go to court but the thing is that I'm not good with talking in front of crowds and am scared of breaking down while talking. Also if I go to court, everyone will know that I was molested. What should I do?
At this point, almost 10 years since you met me, I have a feeling that you don't think too much about me. Yes, I was your girlfriend, and yes, we spent a lot of time together. But things seem to have happened in your life that causes you to just not think back to those times too much. From what I hear, you have not only married, had a son, and gotten separated. You have also graduated from high school, possibly college, and finally gotten your drivers license. I'm sure you have lots of friends and hopefully spend your days trying to be a good dad. But...here's what I think you do not remember. Whether you choose to forget, or think differently than I do in the first place is up to you. But March 3, 2011, you changed my life forever. That was the night you asked me if I would have sex with you. And my response that night will haunt me forever. Not because I said no, but because I said yes. The sex that night was not amazing or really memorable for any other reason except that we both lost our virginity. Your parents were out of the house, which didn't happen often. Since you were only 14 and I was only 15, we weren't really left alone anywhere. I do remember that it didn't hurt and it was really short. Neither of us knew what we were doing. But from that day on, and for the next year and a half or so, you decided that you didn't need to ask anymore. Instead, you decided that you could have sex with me whenever you wanted, wherever you wanted, and it didn't matter if I wanted to or not. It was suddenly up to you where I went, who I saw, and worst of all, what I wore. I became more scared of you then I ever thought I could be. You told me that I had to wear skirts. I learned this was because you wanted to be able to put your finger inside of me when we were on break from class at school, a place I should feel safe. Also because you wanted to rape me at your home, under a blanket, while watching tv. Sometimes with your family right in the room watching tv with us. Now, you may be thinking, why didn't you just break up with me? Why didn't you say sometime? Why didn't you just leave? Easy. You threatened me. I did try to leave. Many times. But each time, a fight ensued where you told me you would hurt my family, my friends. In those moments, I did not care if you hurt me. But I decided that I was going to do everything I could to not let the people I cared about get hurt. It was during these fights that I was hit against walls, yelled at, smacked. You obviously knew what you were doing because I was never hurt in places that would be easily seen by people. But because of you, I will forever have a scar on my side that is a constant reminder of being hit against a wall with a nail hanging out waiting for a picture. I was much smaller and weaker than your tall and strong basketball playing body, and I didn't think about fighting back. At the end of the day, I never again will where skirts without shorts underneath, I will never be able to have sex with someone without being scared, I will never feel fully safe knowing you are out there someone. The worst part, I don't think you even realize what you have done. Sincerely, The Woman Who Will Never Forget You (To all reading, sorry for the ramble. Just needed to get things out.)
I'm not sure if trigger warnings are enforced here, couldn't find any info in the sidebar. But just in case, warning for graphic description. Sorry if this kind of thing isn't allowed, I'm just really not sure if what I experienced was normal and need some outsider perspective.------------------------------------------------------------------Up until I was about 8-9 years old my mother would tell me I had a "sore bum" and that she needed to put on medicine to make it better. It wasn't an everyday thing, maybe a couple times a year.She'd tell me to lay on the bed and spread my legs. She the applied diaper rash ointment to my anus, area surrounding anus, my outer labia, and in between my inner/outer labia. Basically just put it everywhere. I remember it going on for an excessive amount of time, it wasn't just quickly apply the ointment and get out. She'd take a lot of extra time to "rub it in" and continue touching me.It feels like she was using the ointment as an excuse to touch me. I don't even remember my genitals ever being sore, I just remember her randomly telling me I was hurt.I never said no, she didn't tie me down and force it on me. So I don't think I was traumatized at the time, but whenever I remember it I feel nauseous, and kind of nervous, and I want to get some rope and tie my legs together because the thought of being exposed makes me so uncomfortable. The thought of having sex or masturbating becomes really upsetting and almost repulsive.It's not like she was a model parent aside from these isolated incidents, either. She was emotionally and occasionally physically abusive. Which is part of the reason why it's confusing. I'm not sure if this is a normal childhood experience that I'm just seeing as inappropriate since she hurt me emotionally/physically.So what exactly counts as molestation? It's so, so confusing, because it's normal for a parent to sometimes need to touch a child's genitals for medical reasons. But if I ever had to care for a child's genitals, I'd really encourage them to apply the stuff themselves, but if they absolutely couldn't I'd get the job done as quickly as possible, I'd definitely never linger longer than I had to. I feel like maybe my mother was using it as an excuse to fondle me but maybe I'm reading too much into it. She never made me touch her, or anything like that.
I was BEST friends with Maria [25/F] for 3+ years. Her dad Ben moved across the state to get a fresh start and was sleeping on her living room floor. Her ex-step dad (long term abusive) came up from Arizona and was stalking her. Where she worked, her house, everything and she was terrified to be alone. I had just been through a really bad breakup so I started spending a lot of extra time with her.I was lonely and so was her dad, so we would hang out, play cards, watch movies. Occasionally snuggle a bit but I made it clear I wasn't interested in going any farther. He seemed to be cool with that and backed off.He tried again gently and I sat him down and spelled it out, crystal clearly, I was not interested, again he seemed cool with it. Things went along just fine for a while. I can usually read people pretty well and didn't get anything weird so I let my guard down.About a month later they had a party (mid-April but it was cold). I had a bit too much to drink and was a goofball most off the night but didn't interact with him, I was busy flirting w a cute gal. I sobered up enough to say bye to everyone, get into some PJ's, and grab some water. I was going to sleep on the couch but it was freezing so Ben offered to let me crash with him.I passed out like a light and apparently didn't hear people get up and make food in the middle of the night. When I did wake up it was to Ben fucking me, with no protection. I got my shit and bailed and he kept asking what was wrong, and why I was mad, and what he did wrong.I told him to go fuck himself and explained later over text that I didn't want any of that and that fucking me while I was unconscious is rape! He tried to play it off and claim he was too drunk to remember anything and didn't mean to but he was somehow able to get my clothes he's and roll me over.I was shitty with him at work and he freaked out at me and had his daughter threaten to beat the shit out of me, get me fired, and make my life hell. I told her my side and cut them both from my life as completely as possible. But I have to see them at work and he acts like he is the innocent victim and I'm being a terrible monster for being angry with him.I know I made some foolish choices, but I didn't want him, or any of this.Am I overreacting? I've tried to just get past it, and ignore it but I don't know what to do anymore. I love my job but it's really shitty having to work with them. I'm also really close with my boss (she is good friends with them too, though) and told her everything. Besides that I'm not supposed to tell anyone at work, and being there to hold me when I have an absolute breakdown, she couldn't do much.TL;DR: I was raped by my ex-best friend's dad, He thinks he did nothing wrong, sent his daughter to threaten me, and I have to work with them both every day.
I'm having a hard time right now. For the past two week, actually. I know it sounds a bit dramatic, but I've been raped or assaulted or whatever word I'm supposed to use when referring to what happened multiple times by multiple people. Once when I was fourteen, twice when I was eighteen by two different people, and multiple times when I was nineteen.When I was fourteen, I confided in my closest friend about what happened as soon as I found her. She congratulated me on being sexually active before her and wouldn't stop talking about the guy who raped me. He was a friend of hers, so I guess he couldn't do any wrong in her eyes. Now, looking back, I find it so odd that a twenty-one year old guy could be friends with a fourteen year old girl. I decided after that day that I should be proud of what happened. I should be proud of being forced to go down on an older guy because my friend was so impressed and excited that it happened. I tried to pretend that it was what I wanted, but every single time I think about it, every single time I pass a Ross, I think about him forcing my head down and repeating "baby" over and over. I think about how even me crying and saying no wasn't enough to stop him.When I was eighteen, the first time, I blame myself for more than the others. An old schoolmate, a person I didn't even talk to in school, found me on Facebook and messaged me. We met at the pool because he lived in my neighborhood, and he said he was awkward in public and wanted me to come over and play video games with him (or watch him play video games because I told him I didn't play) the next day. I agreed, I was such a fucking dumbass for agreeing. I get to his house and I'm so comfortable because his video games are in the garage and his garage stays open. I watch him play video games, half heartedly attempt to play some stupid MMA game he was playing but I got bored and wanted to go home. I guess he noticed and offered me water since it was summer and hot, and I accepted. He closed the door behind me, gets water, and invites me to watch tv with him on the couch. I take out my phone and sit on the opposite side of the couch because I'm too scared of seeming rude and asking to leave. He scoots over and gets closer, resting his hand on my thigh and then trying to unbutton my shorts. I push his hand away and tell him to stop. I haven't felt that uncomfortable since I was fourteen, and then feeling it again just made me kind of stop. Like everything in my just tensed and I felt a dry lump in my throat. Thankfully, my dad calls and I see it as my way of getting out of this situation. Nope, he used this as an opportunity to push me down and take my shorts off. I try laughing it off and sitting up, end the call with my dad, and he keeps me down. I freeze because I'm scared and I already feel violated, and I just sit there and let him do whatever he wanted to me because my "stop" meant nothing and he was obviously going to do it regardless.After, he tells me to leave and I walk home feeling so pathetic and weak and numb. I hated feeling like that, I hated feeling that broken numbness again, so, like the first time, I try to accept that maybe I wanted it and maybe I deserved it for putting myself in that situation. To make myself feel better, I keep going back to hook up maybe three times, but I keep my eyes closed and I don't move. I tell myself I'm enjoying it and the intrusiveness and discomfort was just what sex was like for girls.I was at the pool one day after ignoring his texts wanting to hook up and he came after he "passed by and saw me". I was uncomfortable and told him flat out that I didn't like feeling used and he slapped me and laughed and said, "Maybe guys would like you if you weren't so easy".Literally two weeks later I move on campus, and I'm happy to be away and in a new environment. I tell myself that this will be a new chapter, I will be independent and happy and focus on being perfect in school. I make a new friend who invites me and two other people, one who I know from school, to go bowling with her and some friends. I accept, I've never been good at making friends because I'm awkward and intimidated by other girls. I'm excited and I get dressed and made up, wanting to make a good first impression on the friends, who I assumed were girls.I meet up with the girl and she leads me out to meet her friends. All guys. At once, I feel uncomfortable getting in the car, but I don't say anything because I don't want it to seem that I'm overreacting. But eight guys, four girls including myself, and two cars to go bowling. Everything is fine that night and I eagerly go to my dorm once we're done with everything. The next day they invite me to hang out and I do because it's just two girls from the night before. We hang out, go to the next door dorms, and then they just ditch me. I'm alone in a dorm room with a guy twice my size, and, again, I'm trying to stay as far away from him as possible. He literally physically pulls me to him and starts pushing off my clothes.Fuck.I freeze. I don't move. I close my eyes. It hurts so bad because I'm not wet at all and my body is tense. I feel like I'm being torn apart and I start crying. I say "wait, stop" "wait" "stop" "no", and none of it works. None of it. He does what he wants to me and then tells me to leave because he's tired. I walk back to my dorm crying, I'm literally bleeding but that doesn't matter because I already told myself it's my fault.I shouldn't have froze. I shouldn't have put myself in that situation.Fuck.Over a year later, I break up with a guy who I wasn't even seeing for a month. I start hanging out with my current boyfriend and we get closer. My current boyfriend (who I hadn't been dating at the time) invites me over to watch our show and play a drinking game. Somehow the guy I dumped winds up coming, but I figure I'd just ignore him and focus on the guy I'm interested in. I get drunk, like black out drunk. I don't remember anything at all. I just remember waking up naked and scared and confused next to the guy I dumped. I start crying and make him take me home, but he refuses to tell me what happened regardless of how many times I ask. He just said I was "all over him and he just f-cked me to shut me up".I wanted to die. I wanted to fucking kill myself then and there and I wanted to end all of the bullshit that's happened. Why me? Why me all the time? Why does this happen to me? Why why why why?The next day, I'm home alone and I'm cleaning my room because I clean when I'm in a horrible mood and it helps me forget and I needed to fucking forget. I'm carrying laundry and in walks the guy I dumped (#4 for the sake of explaining). #4 literally corners me and tells me he "knows I have something going on with his friend" (current boyfriend) and he tells me that I owe him, I took everything from him, I'm the reason he has to move to Miami, I stole his friends, people don't like him because of me.I'm fucking scared, I don't have my phone, so I just go with it. I feel like shit and I want him to leave me alone. He tells me to help him move, so I get dressed and leave with him. I'm so scared and I don't know what to do, so I don't do anything. I kind of check out, I barely remember anything other than him making me pay for his two pizzas and his sub, I remember his friends (one of which is my current bf) stopping by and me trying to get them to take me somewhere, and then them leaving and him doing whatever he wanted to me.Every time I would ignore him, he would harass me with constant phone calls and texts and voicemails. I'd cave and let him do whatever he wanted just so he could leave me alone. One night, I even got my current boyfriend to drop me off. I don't know why, but a part of me wanted him to notice how scared and sad and angry I was and help me without actually asking for his help.I let #4 use me four or five times before he moved, and even now he somehow manages to get under my skin. A few months ago he called me from his job in Miami and I didn't answer. I got a new phone and my number changed and I haven't gotten any weird calls since.I called him out on raping me and said I was going to press charges, and I was. I told my mom and my mom blamed me for it happening. She said I put myself in that situation and as a woman, I need to accept that it's part of being a woman. She said me being drunk would get me, my current boyfriend, and his parents in trouble so I dropped it. She told me that taking him to court would be a waste of my money because he wouldn't get punished and I'd look bad.He blocked me on Facebook after I called him out, and I haven't heard from him since.I'm confused, mainly because I don't know why all of this happened to me, I feel like it's all my fault but how much of it is my fault? Why couldn't I do anything? Why? My only question is why.
I'm studying abroad this summer, and last night a few friends and I went out to a bar. Less than thirty minutes after arriving, a man I had met asked me to get some fresh air with him outside. He then pushed me in a taxi and took me to a motel where he raped me. After, he acted like nothing had happened, called for a taxi, and sent me back to the bar. I'm unsure what to do -- I can't tell people back home because they will make me come home. I can't tell my university because they will make me come home, too. I am in the country I love most in the world and want to stay here, but I am also very alone. I don't know his name, where he is from, whether or not he had STDs. Nothing. I am afraid to tell people, too, because this is the second time I've been raped in less than a year. Telling people the first time was bad enough. I am so afraid. 
Using a throwaway. When I was 12 my family and I would visit my grandfather (let's call him John because I feel disgusted for calling him my grandfather) on the weekends since he lived in a nursery home apartment by himself. He was about 80 at the time. John would call me over then squeeze and touch my breasts over my clothes (I hadn't started wearing bras at the time) when my parents aren't looking, even wanting to lift my shirt once but I ran away before he could. After a few times I told my mom about it while we were visiting and John overheard it. We quickly left and my family never made me visit him again. On a side note, John gave my parents 2000 dollars around that time that was suppose to be a funding toward me getting a car in the future and took it back after I told my mom about the molesting.My family has not told anyone about it and my dad still makes me greet him whenever I see him. I feel like it is unfair for him to live out the rest of his life being spared of the consequences of having done such disgusting and horrid thing.Edit: title says 13 but it was 12. Posted this 8 in the morning with a headache 
I am not sure if this is the right place but I just need to tell my story.I am just gonna jump right in.... When I was 15 I was raped by a male friend, It's how I lost my virginity. Took me years to actually call it rape. Took me until I was about 20, 21 to actually accept it and call it what it was. This guy was older than me, and i was stupid to hang out with him. we made out and fooled around one night, but when he tried to have sex with me I said no and made him take me home. A few months later I got a boyfriend. The three of us went to the mall. at the mall they gave me booze, being young and stupid, I drank it. His mom picked us up and dropped off my boyfriend then went to my house. His mom went inside to meet my mom. We staid outside. I was tipsey, but not scared by him, he seemed to respect my no months ealier, i never thought he would try again. and i now had a boyfriend. He started kissing me. I kissed back. He tried to take my clothes off, I said no. I pushed him away. He got aggressive, he slammed me against the wall. I got scared. I begged him to stop. He ripped my clothes off. I was barely 100 pounds, he was a big tall guy. He got me to ground, held me down, and started fucking me without a condom. this was my first time, it hurt and i did not want it. I cried and begged him to stop. He didn't, he got more aggressive, he bruised me, muffled my crys with his hand, he had my pinned down with his weight......he came inside me when he was done. This all happened in my backyard while my family and his mom were inside. It was dark. When it was over, I pulled my clothes back on, went to my bathroom, laid in the bottom of the shower and cried my eyes out. I didn't tell anyone. This was my first time and I felt dirty. I felt like it was my fault, I knew he tried to have sex with me once before and was pushy and yet I drank with him and i feel like i put myself in the situation. i was stupid. I don't know why I didn't scream louder, why I didn't fight harder. The harder I fought, the more violent he got but I should have tried harder. I didn't get my period for two months but was too scared to tell anyone or get a pregnancy test. I went snowboarding about two months later and I face planted and got my period hard. I feel like i might have been pregnant and had a miscarriage. Finally I told my best friend and my boyfriend. my friend believed me, my bf did not and he broke up with me because now i was "soiled". But now rumors were spreading around school, that I fucked him and it was consensual. it was not. Word got out that I said I was raped. No one believed me, he taunted me almost everyday, walking up behind me at school saying "can't be rape if you enjoyed it, you were so wet, and moaning..." etc. my sister was in high school with me. finally got back to her and she told my parents. neither of them believed me. they figured if i was raped i would have told them and not showered, they just figured i did not want to admit i was sexually active. i spend years trying to forget this happened, then years crying about it. i never got professional help. finally i shoved it down so hard that i forgot and pretended it never happened. then 6 months ago at work....a guy had a crush on me, everyone knew seemed harmless. I am also engaged at the time, now married. One night when alone at work, this coworker locked me in the kitchen so i couldn't get out....no one else was there, we are alone. he sexually assaulted me, forced me to touch him, he ripped my clothes off, he tried to force me to suck his dick. I ran as much as I could, I decided not to use force because i knew from before I didn't want him to get violent. i tried to use my words to get away. i was so humiliated and scared. he had me restrained and his cock out, and he was seconds away from raping me. i was bent over and he was trying to shove his cock in me. I don't know how I got away, I don't but I did. i ran out of the kitchen and paced around outside, "I should go tell security, I should go tell the cops" but i felt like it was my fault. while i was deciding what to do, he walks outside and laughs in my face and says "see you tomorrow at work" I ran back side and had a melt down, called my now husband. he told me to call my boss. Obviously the guy got fired, he actually admitted to i. i went to the cops, filled a report, its more than i ever did the first time. but when she said id have to go to court and testify i dropped the charges. i couldn't do, i couldn't go to court and relive the first rape again and drag this out. i got transferred to a new location and i thought i was finally ok, until i realized all my new coworkers knew about it but just rumors of it. the other day a male coworker came up to me, knowing rumors about it and said "hey, you ever been raped? watch out when you work this weekend, your gonna be all alone with the chef, he looks rapey, might lock you in the kitchen...." i broke down. I am not ok. i was too embarrassed to get mental help for either situation and now i am being tormented. i was black out drunk 2 nights ago and tried to kill myself. My husband took me to a crisis center because he was scared i was going to kill myself. when i was 18 after the first rape, i had enough and i took my glasses off, closed my eyes, while driving and slammed on the gas let go of the wheel on an empty back road. i dont think i am going to do that again, but i know i need help asap. my husband took me that crisis center and i am finally gonna get help. im am going to call them monday and get help for my drinking and get therapy. if you read this far....thank you. i am a mess. im actually worse than i ever have been. im scared to leave the house, to go to work. if this has happened two times to me, either its my fault and i am an idiot, or its not my fault and it can happen again. im looking forward to making an appointment monday and trying to finally fix this. this is no way to live.
Hi everyone, I am really in need of some help. I am very confused at the moment. This is my story... Growing up I had a sexually abusive father, I do not remember a lot of the abuse or a lot of my childhood at all. I have a few foggy memories of the assault but nothing definite, I am not sure how many times it happened or the extent of it. When I was 18 I had a boyfriend and me and this boyfriend would try a lot of new things sexually and we were very adventurous.One night we went for a drive and had sex in his car, it was pretty rough. After that night I broke up with him because I honestly thought he had raped me. The whole time I was having awful flashbacks to a childhood incident in a car with my father. At that moment I felt like I had gotten into a time machine and I was a child again, it's hard to explain, but I was unable to differentiate current-me and boyfriend from childhood-me and father. I have told my friends and family of the awful things this boyfriend had done and now I feel really bad because I have no idea whether he did something wrong. Is there a term for this so I can read up about it and hopefully get some understanding? I am going to talk to my counsellor about it this Monday, but it's really bothering me at the moment and I would like to gain some understanding. I'm really scared that I have ruined the life of someone I deeply loved because I couldn't tell the difference between a flashback and the present. Any help is appreciated. Thanks. 
I was in a very abusive relationship when I was 17 (now 24) both physically and sexually, I was a virgin when I met this guy and he took everything by force. I thought I had gotten over what happened years ago, but by being intermit with my current boyfriend it has all come back as horrid nightmares, and don't get me wrong he is great about it all very understanding, I'm just having a hard time remembering all the dreadful things that happened to me. Today he came into my work place specifically to see me and to tell me we should be back together and how much he misses all the "fun" we used to have together, and that he is moving to be closer to me. How do I tell my SO what has happened, how it's made every detail of my rapes 10 000 times more vivid, how I'm not handling it very well all from a 5 minute conversation Help!! Please
Hi,I've had a boyfriend for the last year and a half. At first I didn't mind having sex with him. Even instigated it once. However a few weeks after we first started having sex I told him that I didn't want to have sex or do anything remotely sexual. However he wouldn't stop running his hands over me even when I repeatedly told him to stop, eventually I told him either he stops or he leaves. He stopped but he has done this several times. Other times he won't stop badgering me until I have sex with him even though I told him I don't like sex or kissing or anything else.I tried talking to my mum about it but she said that just because I don't like sex it's not fair for him that I don't have sex with him or do anything with him. Completely ignoring the fact that I told her I just plain old don't like it.Another thing I should mention is that I've always disliked being touched. I don't mind females touching me or my family touching me but I absolutely hate males touching me. I avoid touching people in general.However even though I've tried explaining this to my mother she said that all that I need to do is to 'desensitize' myself to being touched by those around me. She even seems to make light of it. Something else is that people have notice that my behavior is dramatically changing, like at times my mood swings will be incredibly violent and that even small tiny things can set me off. I've thought about this and it only seemed to start after I started having sex with my boyfriend and the issues arose.So I'm not sure if what my boyfriend did/does is counted as sexual assault, opinions?
I'm iffy on saying rape or sexual assault but I do feel abused. I go to a school that's been on the news a lot recently for rape.I told her I was waiting for marriage. I dumped her after 2 weeks of it not working. She came back and said she wanted to try w/o sex.She started to push me despite what I told her. I liked hugging, cuddling, massaging, and kissing her all over. I didn't want to make out yet. She plunged her tongue in my mouth, it was my first kiss, and apologized after knowing this wasn't how I wanted my first kiss.2 months go by. She talks about how she doesn't want to take advice from her freshman year boyfriend. This really hurt me. I wasn't her "freshman year" boyfriend, as if she was gonna drop me. In bed she would talk about another mutual friend and I told her it bugged me.She teased me. I told her no. Then it got to the point where I couldn't take it as she played with me with my boxers on and she rubbed me off one night. The next night she said my turn. I fingered her with my dick soft. I felt pressured into the situation and unsettled. The feelings from this moment are vivid. She realized when after she came she saw I was soft and I just turned around and went to sleep.4 months into the relationship she says she doesn't feel the same. We breakup in the center of a busy coffee shop. I say if that's how you feel; I grab my stuff humiliated and cry walking back to campus, concealing the tears because I'm supposed to be strong. 2 weeks later I get texts from my best friend, the only one I told her about, and she was trying to hookup with him. I felt like shit.Weeks go by. Weeks turn to months. I felt like I was incapable of providing her satisfaction, like there was something wrong with me. Battling with porn addiction and these shitty feelings I get my dick sucked one night from a stranger, no strings attatched. I feel like shit after but in the moment I send her a text that mimics the one she sent my friend. She responds she never wants to hookup and prefers I don't reach out again, then goes on about how she's in a relationship, the type she never dreamt she could be "fortunate enough to have".I messaged her saying I wish she didn't try to hookup with my best friend (she didn't know I knew), I wish she wouldn't talk about my classmate in bed who was also a friend, and I felt sexually assaulted. I said I wished her and her boyfriend all the best.I didn't want her after the breakup. I don't want her now. She blocked me soon after, so I don't know if she read my message but judging by her reaction I'm pretty sure she did. I'm talking to 3 other women at the moment, deciding which one I want to make my gf. But, thoughts of her have lingered my mind as she was my first genuine sexual experience. I've had nightmares about her. She was in my class for an entire year, and I had to see her for 4 months after our breakup 3 times a week. I thought about switching classes but know I'd be made fun of if I said she sexually assaulted me - especially judging on how the campus services laughed it off when I was getting STD tests (from the hookup with a stranger). I always breakup with exes in a good way, and this one as well. But she made it super sour a bit after and then the thoughts of the abuse I felt would ring in. She doesn't speak for all women and I know I don't want to do this to anyone else, but I won't be able to go back to my sexless self again after her. I wanted my wife to be my first and because of her that's, in all likelihood, not going to happen. I was a "romantic fuckboy" before but I feel like I'm turning into a fuckboy. I cried about the whole situation but its hard to find support. 3/5 of my guyfriends have gone through similar forms of abuse/rape when they lost their virginity. I find it hard to cum without watching porn because otherwise she crosses my mind or the shit hookup that followed. I've taken steps to get clean but wanted to hear other's opinions. r/MenGetRapedToo and r/Breakup have not been helpful as one's super dead and the other doesn't allow rape content.I felt ok knowing its summer and started to come to terms. But I started to get real anxious and came here when I realized I would have to see her on campus, and run into her like I did all the time, and probably be subjected to her and her boyfriend. I ignore my exes after a breakup because I always give them 120%. She's the same. But she really hurt me beyond the breakup which I've come to terms with. I dated her because she's a feminist which I had admired. But after this relationship I tend to have sour feelings towards self righteous feminists like her which isn't fair.Best,
Thank you so much for the help. I don't know how I'm typing this, seeing that it just happened and I feel numb and dirty. Okay so what happened was that I had made plans to meet this guy.I'm home alone the whole of today so I asked him to come over so we can have some "fun". He gladly obliged and I was excited. We mainly planned on making out, and a blowjob. He had asked me before if we could have anal sex. I told him that if I was really in the moment, he can bring a condom just in case but, since it's my first time, I'm really iffy and he replied with "Ok". He entered my room and he started kissing me and I did too. Finally he was on top of me and we were just making out. I thought it was fun. He started humping me and what not. Eventually, we were really in the moment and he asked if he could just put the tip in. I was extremely hesitant and so I told him that he could perhaps just rub around that area (also iffy since he hadn't brought a condom and I didn't have any). He kept begging so I said fine but I made it quite clear that he couldn't put anything more than that in. I feel so disgusted saying this, but he put the full thing in.I felt waves of anxiety in the moment and he kept going. Throughout the process, he made out with me, kissed my neck, touched me, and asked me if I "liked it". I was split-minded and told him I did. I won't lie, parts of it felt a little pleasurable but mostly, I felt discomfort and I was faking most of my moans and everything. Later on, he asked me where he can ejaculate and I told him that he could on my back. He strictly told me that it could only be my mouth, or inside me. I chose mouth. He did his thing and I went to clean up. I felt semen inside me and I checked the orifice only to see some trailing out.  I can still feel him inside me, I smell him, and I can see his face, smirking at me after everything. I don't know how I maintained my composure. Once he left, I immediately called my friend and poured my heart out to her. I feel so sick and conflicted. All help is appreciated. I'm sorry for bothering any of you and I hope you all had a great day/night! 
My main question is how long (if ever) does it take people to recover? It's been almost 4 years And while I've gotten better I still do not like I am my old self and still cry about this night. The rest is just me venting because I haven't really shared many of these details with people. I ramble a lot throughout this because it's late at night and my brain isn't functioning. The first semester of my freshman year was pretty uneventful. I went to parties every now and then but barely ever drank because I wanted to get settled in. My school was fairly small it was always the same people at every party. To walk from one side of campus to the other was 10 minutes tops.  The second semester was a completely different story. One of the first weekends back from winter break my two best friends and I went on a road trip to a party school to visit her best guy friend from home. Him and some other kid from her home town lived in a frat house so I was excited to get a real college experience before school work started piling up. The first night we arrived and started drinking almost immediately. Even though I barely drank I was pretty responsible when I did. This weekend was the exception. One of my friends and I were supposed to sleep in the some bed while her friend crashed on someone's couch. However once the night ended she was back in some guys dorm while I was left sleeping in some bed with a kid I'd just met in person. I was really drunk and she was his good friend so I felt safe and as much as I hate to say it very attracted to him. We started making out and touching which I was totally okay with. My memory from that night is pretty much nonexistent but I vaguely remember him asking me to have sex even though he knew beforehand that I was a virgin since my friend told him. And I think he asked more than once because I don't think I responded every time and other times said i said no. He said to me if you give me a blowjob we don't have to have sex and again I said I wasn't doing that. I can't really remember too much detail after that. It felt like sex lasted 2 minutes. At one point he put me on top and I remember just laying down because I didn't want to do it and figured if I laid there he'd stop. He just told me to get up and I don't know why happened after that. Sometimes I question if I told him yes because I was drunk but I've denied guys I talked to for months and liked because I wanted to lose it to someone I love. And earlier that semester I was drunk making out with some kid from my college and he tried to put his penis in me and I ran out crying. If I was drunk then and said no I can't imagine my morals changing in a few weeks. The night I lost my virginity i don't remember feeling any pain during sex. The next morning when I woke up I was so sore that it even hurt to pee. Since then I've never experienced pain like that from sex. I convinced myself for awhile it was okay even though the next night I spent the whole night drunk crying in the bed I was raped in while everyone else partied throughout the building (he spent the rest of the weekend at the girl's dorm he started dating 2 weeks later). I lied to myself for a week. I even added him on fb like what happened was okay and we were cool (he didn't even accept it). Once I was no longer in denial things got bad. I would wake up every morning and would cry. I would have to fight back tears in class and everyday felt like I'd have to run out and breakdown. The first semester I kissed 4 boys. After I was raped I made poor sexual decisions. The second semester I made out with more boys than I can remember. My biggest problem was alcohol. For months after I spent every night getting drunk with my friend (the one who I was supposed to share the bed with that night. Turns out the boy from the frat she went back with raped her as well). Most nights of that semester we were hammered. The summer following that semester we would get drunk and make bad decision like driving around places. We would get drunk alone which most people don't know we did. Sometimes we would skype and drink together so it wasn't as pathetic. My best friend from home had no idea what happened but was concerned about me drinking all of the time. One night I was at her house and we were drinking (mostly me) and once the liquid courage hit me I was ready to share what happened. While I didn't say rape I think she got it. She gave me the worst response I could've imagined. "I doubt that's what really happened". I guess that hard for an 18 year old to hear from her friend. She probably thought it was comforting. I can barely remember any detail from that night and four years later it still haunts me. Maybe it no longer controls every thought I have, but I'm still not the person I was before. 
I am posting this question because I am wondering if anyone else has had the same reaction. I am pretty sure a bunch of pervy guys read this subreddit and get off on it so I am not going to share many details.This happened a while ago, back in college. I went on a date with a guy that I didn't know too well but seemed nice enough, kindof quiet. He treated me to a nice dinner and drinks. I ended up drinking way more than I thought and I also always had a benzo stash on me back then and I believe I had taken some xanax or something similar that night so with the mixing of the two I got much more intoxicated than I should have been.We went to a party later on which was your typical college party, double kegger with a ton of people on the first floor. I felt really fucked up so we decided to just go chill with our friends who were smoking in one of the bedrooms upstairs. There were 5 or 6 people total. I didn't smoke at all but at some point in that room, I blacked out.I don't know how much time passed, but later on I woke up because I felt my body being rythmically and repeatedly pushed into the bed and the rocking sensation woke me up. I realized I was on my back, my dress pushed up above my boobs, bra pushed up and the guy I had gone out with was having sex with me.No one else was in the room and I had no idea what time it was but it seemed like it was much later because it seemed quiet at the party downstairs.I said something along the lines of "stop" which he did. I was very disheveled and felt painful between my legs and just gross. I was drunk as hell so I got in the shower at the party house, ran the hot water and just sat in there for a long, long time. I wanted to wash away the icky feeling and also to have the warm comfort ease some of the discomfort I felt in my body.I asked the guy later (years later when I realized "woah, was that date rape?") if I had been passed out (unconcious) or just blacked out (not able to make short term memories) and he claims I seemed concious and coherent, so I "must have been blacked out." It just seems unlikely because of how I wasn't moving my body at all when i came to, have no memory of making out or touching beforehand at all and that my dress was pushed up in a way I wouldn't push my dress if I were getting intimate with someone.Anyway, my question here isnt about whether it was or wasn't a rape (it was... because i wasnt able to give  consent.) Although I felt gross and uncomfortable at the time, in the long run I really don't think it affected me that much. I have had many years to let those feelings settle and it is just not something that has left a huge scar, fortunately. Has anyone else been a victim of a nonviolent date rape and found that it didn't traumatize you the way it has to so many others that had this happen? I've spent more time worrying about myself for not having a typical response to it than to the actual rape itself.
I was raped three years ago, and then raped again this past year. It took me two years to realize that the first rape was actually rape. I went home with a guy and told him before that I was a virgin and didn't want to have sex, which he adamantly respected verbally. Then once we were at his place, he verbally pressured me for what seemed like hours. And I felt so emotionally exhausted that I finally broke down and agreed to let him put it in and that he would stop if I asked him to. And then he did, and it hurt and I asked him to stop and he did. And then put it back in-- and I asked him to stop and he didn't, just finished. The entire time my head was so blank. I thought about leaving but he was so so much bigger than me and I didn't know my way home. Afterward I acted all cutesy. I never saw him again. I felt horrible and cried for days- I felt used and dirty. I then discovered that he had raped me years later when a rape counselor described an incident identical to mine as "rape." It was helpful to label it. Lately I've been finally dealing with this through regular therapy and a support group. I've been having the hardest time though rationalizing this. I keep wondering if I'm imagining it. I think I said no but I keep going over and over in my head and wondering if I didn't voice it. I keep wondering if my PTSD and trauma are even real, or if I actually didn't make it clear that I didn't want it. I wish I had kicked and screamed because then I could be sure that I was clear. I wonder if he even knows that he did anything wrong. I'm driving myself crazy with this. It was so validating and healing to be able to call it rape- and I'm just so unsure and don't want to feel that my trauma is not legitimate. Any thoughts would be wonderful. 
Last year I went on a tour in Thailand. I know, I know tours are notorious for drinking and hook ups but I genuinely wanted to meet new people and relax. I rarely drink as it has never appealed to me, but the idea of going out and letting my hair down did.The night in hand. It was our first night and there was one cute guy but he was a bit of an asshole so I didn't really talk to him. Our tour manager took us to a club were you got free drinks for 3 hours for a certain amount. Me, not use to drinking and also loving a bargain thought I better get my moneys worth. I drank non stop for the three hours. Towards the end I stumbled my way to the bathroom and threw up. I laid in a way so my body was against the door between throwing up. At one stage I rested my head on the bowl. Once I thought enough was out of my system I decided I need to get home. I looked at myself in the mirror and repeated the name of my hotel so I could sound confident and not slur when I found a cab driver. I didn't want to seem so obviously drunk that he could take advantage of me or worse. Exiting the bathroom I found it was 5am, I thought I had been in the bathroom for 20 minutes not 4 hours. Everyone I knew was gone, the club was closing. I started to get scared. Suddenly I saw the boy from my tour group. I was so happy and asked him to walk me home. Then I black out again for a bit. I remember not being able to speak properly and telling him I'd been throwing up for hours. Asking where everyone was (they thought I went home earlier). I remember him saying how lucky I was. Lucky he was there or I could of been in real trouble. I remember stumbling and him eventually linking arms to help me walk. I remember saying I have the room key my poor room mate must be locked out. I remember saying I have to go back to my room I have the room key. That's all I rememberNext I remember being in his room, in his bed. Then more black. I remember him kissing me and pushing my face to kiss his bicep while he flexed. I remember that because I thought " Is this guy serious?" "what a douchebag, why am I here" then more black. In that moment was I conscious enough to have said no ? Why didn't I get my things and leave? I keep asking myself this.I don't remember the sex at all. I don't remember if he used a condom which terrified me for the rest of the trip. I do remember going down on him. Does that mean I consented? Did I initiate this act? Can oral sex be forced? Did I bring this on myself? Why didn't I leave? Did he just push my head down like the bicep incident? Why did I go along when I didn't want to?as things finished I was starting to retain memories. I remember him going to shower while I gathered my things. I felt so embarrassed and horrified with what I just done. I had never done that before! I hope no one on the tour finds out. Oh god what if my room mate was locked outside the whole time while I had sex. I'm such a horrible person person.Leaving his room I thanked him again for walking me home and I'm pretty sure I kissed him on the cheek. Cause that's what you do after sex, right? I didn't know how to act or what to do. I just acted as normal as I could and leave.I went back to my room and proceed to black out my thoughts.The next day was spent mostly hung over but still feeling drunk. I told no one of what happened I was so embarrassed. He messaged me later that day talking about "how good last night was" but not wanting me to "get the wrong idea or think we are a thing" We still had 13 days left on the tour together. He also asked if I think one of the girls I had befriended would be keen. I couldn't tell if I sick from the drinking or how he was speaking. I just wanted to know if we used a condom. I didn't want to speak to him againFor the rest of the trip he messaged me to " come have a quickie in the shower" or got jealous when he saw me kissing someone else. Making snide comments the next morning to see if I slept with them ( I didn't) I remained sober the rest of the trip so I wouldn't be left vulnerable againFor a long time I chose to ignore everything and hope it would go away. Then the letter from the Brock Turner victim was released and suddenly I was overwhelmed with memories. Unfortunately no more then the ones I have mentioned above. No more light was shed on how I ended up in his room or how my clothes came off. He was drunk too. Maybe he was too drunk to make a decision. What if he wasn't there and I was abducted? Brutally gang raped? robbed? assaulted? killed? What if he just walked me to my room like I wanted? Maybe then I wouldn't be feeling so lost now. I regret a pitiful decision to drink so much, so quickly. I regret keeping this to myself for a prolonged period of time. I regret the fact I didn't confront him the next day. I regret in those random moments I do remember, I didn't leave. I regret the fact I feel like this was my fault and I should consider myself lucky. But none of that changes the fact it happened.Was I raped? Was I stupid?Was this my fault?At this stage, I feel like it is all three.
Firstly, I am not trolling, I need to make this clear.I am a 20 year old girl, who has had real-life experiences with men but nothing leading up to rape, just rape attempts. Also have been abused physically, emotionally and verbally for 15 years. I also witnessed my mom get raped quite often by my dad.My dreams feel very realistic, I sometimes mistake them for real life memories. A few weeks ago, during my dream, I dreamed of getting raped. It was more like a nightmare. I woke up all sweaty, and ever since, I get flashbacks, panic attacks and anxiety related to my "images" or "feelings" from that moment.I do not mean to downplay anyone's experience here. I just need advice on how to handle this.
My girlfriend (22), is doing a 6month work experience in latin america for her school. I(23) live in France, i'm supposed to join her to travel for one month. But 4months is remaining. and we have 7hours of time difference. Problem is, she feel alone and her only friend/coworker that she admire gave many hint that he liked her. She told him she didn't want to go any further and told him to stop trying to flirt because she doesn't want to cheat on me. She thought everything was clear in his mind. So this weekend they were drunk and he needed somewhere to sleep. To avoid paying expensive taxi. She accepted that he sleep in her bed. The guy went touchy. He started to finger her and more. I got her email this morning. I don't know a lot. But she tried to repel him and he insisted. In the morning she told me that the bad was done, and she just let herself getting sexually touched even thought it hurt. Sorry for my bad English. I need advice, what to do, I'm too shocked to think about anything to do...
Scenario 1: Girl spends night at guys house, guy pesters girl non stop for hours and hours asking for sex. Girl keeps saying no, he continues to grope her, despite her protests. He refuses to drop her home, she eventually gives in after being worn down by nagging. Is it rape?Scenario 2: 12 year old girl does not understand sex or what exactly it is. Guy her age has sex with her. she doesn't want to, she lies there as if paralysed but doesn't say no. Is it rape?
Hi everyone, first post ever Here but I am at a loss about what to do and I don't know where else to turn to.I am currently working in a remote part of Canada and she is back in our home town- over 2000km away-so it's not like I can give her any hugs or be in her space. Words and phone calls only. She has told me and a few other close friends- however I just found out today because I only get access to the Internet every few days.FYI Our intimate relationship might be over but we are still extremely close friends. There is a possibility of us eventually getting back together when the timing is better for both of us and we still talk every time I can get some time online.She was surprisingly non-chalant about it when she told me- almost passing it off like her assault was not an issue and was just something that "happened" and that now she wants to forget about. When I asked about it she said she was raped but that she prefers not to think about it that way. Luckily she was not physically harmed aside from a few bruises on her arms and thighs- no blood. She was also on the pill so no pregnancy scare. However it's obvious to me there are some serious emotional scars she is hiding.The rapist was a close friend of hers whom she has continued to be around since it happened as he is a part of her friend group. I do not know him personally but a part of me is very happy I am not at home right now or I might have taken him out by now with a crowbar aimed at his balls. The assault happened when they were both intoxicated- beyond that I don't know any details because she didn't want to talk about it when she told me- she was at lunch at work so it was not the best timing.As for the fall out: she has confronted him with a friend- who then turned on her and sided with the rapist. Basically they both told my ex to just move on and forget the whole thing happened- which I guess she is trying to do? She has said she will not go to the police but that she doesn't know what to do about the current situation. She can't avoid seeing him because he is a part of her sports club in our home town and is a well respected member of the community. She can't move away either as she's going to university there next fall.If only everyone knew the truth about this fuckface rapist- however it seems that she is trying not to "ruin his life" and that she just wants to keep going forward. However I can tell that she is in pain and is feeling pretty awful,as she should be, despite her brave face.I will be having another phone call with her tonight and I have absolutely no idea what I should say/do to help. I have already suggested that she go to get some professional help with the rape counseling centre in town and that i will be there for her if she needs someone to talk to. But what else can I do? I am pretty angry and upset myself- I want nothing more than this scumbag to go to jail and to be exposed for the slime that he is. I am also worried that for he gets away with this rape he will end up doing it again. However she seems to want to keep it under wraps... I'm at a loss.Help Reddit!!Tl:dr: ex girlfriend I am still close with was raped last week and is putting on a brave face and playing it off as nothing serious because the rapist was one of her friends and colleagues and is a well respected figure in our home town. I can tell it's fake- but i don't know what I should do to console her. I am also scared the rapist might get away scott free and end up doing it again either to her or someone else. Moreover I am about 2000 km away from home right now so providing her help is hard.
We are a Harvard University research team currently working on a study looking at people who harm themselves. The primary goal of the study is to better assess self-injurious thoughts and behaviors.If you are interested in participating, you will complete an online screener to see if you qualify to participate. If you qualify, you will complete a variety of questionnaires online and then you will be contacted 2 weeks later to answer some more questions.For completing the first part, you will be paid $15 in Amazon gift cards. For completing the second part, you will be paid another $15 in Amazon gift cards. Unfortunately, if you have already completed an earlier version of this study (Harvard SIB Study), you are not eligible to participate in this updated version. A few important things to know about the study are:1. The study includes questions regarding self-harm. Some people may feel that talking about these topics is difficult and may find it to be triggering.2. All information collected will be kept confidential and private.3. Participation is completely voluntary.4. The link we provide will send you to a website asking you a few questions to see if you qualify to participate.5. If you start to participate and decide you no longer feel comfortable or you are no longer interested, you can end it without any penalty or punishment.6. We will provide links to treatment resources throughout the study.7. This study will include only participants who are 18 years and older.Please PM me if you are interested in participating. Once you contact us, we will send you a link to the screening questionnaire to see if you qualify and to tell you more about the study.Thank you for your consideration!EDIT: this study is no longer accepting new participants. However, we are planning a larger study to begin soon, so if you would like to be contacted about participation for that, you can PM me your email address to use.

[x-post](https://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/4o0if8/i_somewhat_get_triggered_when_people_talk_about/) from /r/offmychest, this community seems more relevant. I was sexually abused and raped almost 15 years ago, when I was 9. The rapist was my older cousin, around 15 at the time. I didn't realize it was wrong at the time, and once I did figure it out, I never reported it.  I've only told three people. I struggled with it for a year or so in my teens, but now I barely ever think about it. I love my life and I am satisfied with my mental health (though maybe I should smoke a little less). I was the first in my family to graduate college and I am living the dream.However, I do think about being sexual abused when people talk about it. **And people are always fucking talking about it.** Whether its politics or jokes on the internet, and sometimes legit issues, I feel like its always such a hot topic.My most recent frustration surrounding this is the stupid LGBT bathroom issue. Conservatives want to preserve "traditional" bathrooms because they are worried about child sexual abuse. Are you fucking serious? God this trivializes the victims experiences so much.Since nobody knows about my experience, I have to keep a straight face. I hear my own Dad make comments like above, and I can't point out the fact that this trivializes the real victim's experiences and that it's typically a family member doing the abuse. If I say that more than twice, he may catch on like my Mom did.In my friend group or on the internet, I have to keep up the facade of being a manly man and laughing at offensive jokes. In all honesty, I probably contribute to the issue here in order to fit in, and I make jokes on other offensive shit that probably triggers someone else.**tl;dr** I don't think about being raped as a 9 year old unless you talk about it, so please stop bringing it up so god damn much.
**Triggering.** **Sorry, I need somewhere to vent. Today has been horrid.**There's a red light flashing in a corner of my brain.WAKE UPSomething isn't right. Stirring awake but keeping still. As if i'm being silently stalked by an animal. I'm frozen. I can feel something. but it isn't nice. This must be a dream but I can't move. This isn't a dream. someone is doing this to me.This is happening RIGHT NOW. What are you going to DO about it?My heart is racing like a baby bird, my body is screaming. I know there is eyes on me, watching for signs of being awake. There is a predator in the room and his eyes are on me. I barely remember his name. I barely know him. DONT PANICDon't panic or he'll know you're awake. Don't panic. Shallow breathing. Oh god, how long has this been happening? Is that your fingers or something else? What have you already done while i've been passed out drunk?I want to SCREAM. I want to SCREAMWhat will you do if I fight back? What should I do? Lie here and pretend i'm still asleep? Should I tell you just to get out. What if when I sit up and fight back, what will you do? Would you try to kill me? I feel like you would. What are you capable of? I hardly know you, I don't even know your name.WHAT ABOUT HER.Then I remember my friend is in the room too. The only reason you are here is because you're her friend. I've known her for fourteen years. She thought she knew you. Have you done anything to my friend? Is she awake right now, is she even ALIVE right now? What if you've done the same to her and killed her and now i'm alone in this room with you?HELPAnd I start to feel the panic change to anger. Anger surging through me like poison. I can feel the adrenaline. Change to hatred, change to wanting to hurt. I won't be a victim, i'm going to fight you if it kills me. I'm not going to die here if I can help it.GET UPI sit up, teeth gritted, fully awake, my hands fly forward and I see your face, your eyes wide like a fish. My hands push forward and clench, hard on your neck. You're gasping, gasping, stupidly like a fish. Puff, puff, puff. Yet your eyes are glazed. You thought I was still asleep/unconscious. I strangle you and push you off. I stand up and scream. I scream. SCREAMI hit you, i beat you, you sit. You don't fight back. But what if you change, what if you start weighing up the options? Prison? Or hurt her? I fight, I hit, I scream, I don't know what you will do so I scream. SHE STILL ISN'T MOVINGI can't get to her because she's on the other side of the bed. You block the path. Oh god is she alive. Scream some more, she stirs. GET OFF THE BED, WAKE UP! He's raped me, get out, get out. GET OUT GET OUT GET OUTCall a lady hysterically on the phone as you run out of the room. She says it's okay. There's four blue light flashing on the rain slicked shoreditch streets. Coming to you.Then a blur of handcuffs and flashing blue lights and questions and probing, pictures in rooms, drawing my naked body and the bruises you left. Four hours if standing in a room naked while softly spoken ladies took pictures of my body and drew all the marks you left. Tears and tears and tears. Tears to fill an ocean. And I know all of this will be looked at by someone who isn't in my head. They'll see the writing of the incident, the sterile notes, the statements. They won't see the bruising to my soul. The nights I can't sleep because I see your face in the corner of the room. The days I want to die. The days I smile when people shout at me at work and all I want to do is curl into a ball and die. The days where my anger is out of control and I wait for someone to bump into me on the street, or harass me, just so I can try to start a fight to punch the shit out of someone.They won't see the nights I stare at the ceiling all night replaying the event over and over and over again and all the ways i wish i'd killed you. I wish I'd strangled you for longer. I wish i'd been less kind. I wish I'd pushed at your neck until the veins stood out blue and pulsed in panic. Just so you'd feel a fraction of the terror, a fraction of what it feels like to have control of your body taken away, just a fraction of what it feels like to have control taken away from you. I wish i'd strangled you and left you blue and shaking and cold. I wish you were dead.I wish you were dead. I wish you were dead.
I stayed quiet about my rape for months, even staying friends with my rapist because I was afraid of what would happen if I spoke up. Eventually all the emotions built up and I cracked. First I told my friend. He cried. Literally, cried as I told my story. I thought, maybe it wasn't rape. Maybe he will tell me I'm just over reacting. He cried, and apologized. It was confirmed in those tears that I was raped, and I needed professional help.Everyone I've told has cried and apologized to me, except my rapist. I told him that he raped me. He has cut off contact. But he still works with me. I understand that I am his superior, but does that negate the fact that he raped me? I know that I can not fire him, but working there has become a living hell. Everyday I'm there I'm reminded of the mistake I've made. I know I shouldn't have had a relationship with a subordinate, but I never thought I would be raped. The worst I thought would happen was we would just not talk for awhile, and things would just be awkward.I was loud about my rape. I had a panic attack and someone heard me talking to myself at work. "Why does my rapist still work here?" Seriously. He will block me from all his accounts. Wont acknowledge what he's done. But still shows up to remind me that he's still here and will do it again to someone, given a chance.My work got involved and made me recount the details from that horrible night. I gave them details of our relationship I never wanted to disclose. "Why wait so long?" I honestly thought he was going to get another job. He kept saying how he had these other jobs on the line. I think he never took them so he could keep me close. Maybe he noticed how distant I was getting after the rape. He still touched me at work, which I should have reported. I should have reported the rape the night it happened. But like the lady at the police station said: Even though it took you months, you are brave.I get "You are brave." "You are strong" "I'm proud of you" all the time from people. Yet, I just want to crawl into a ball and die cause it would be so much easier then telling people about this horribly shameful situation I'm in.But it wont change my work situation. I told my rapists girlfriend. I thought she needed to know what happened. I feel like that's where I fucked up cause now she's trying to head a smear campaign. We didn't get along. I may have not always been the best person. But I seriously reached out. I think most people I've talked to think it's just hard for her to come to terms with the fact that her boyfriend is just a scummy guy. He cheats on her, gropes other women, and yeah has raped me and at least one other person I know. He would coerce me into sending pictures to him. Playing with my emotions. I would tell him I just wanted to be friends, but he always wanted more. I gave in a few times. I was weak, he wore me down from my convictions. NO MORE.She is in denial. That's ok. It just hurts knowing that someone doesn't believe you. Or thinks that this is some game I'm playing. She is saying it's because I'm Bipolar and I'm just acting out on him. I really just want to prevent another rape. Isn't that the right thing to do? Also, my therapist doesn't think I am bipolar. If any of my behavior is strange it is most likely from the PTSD I'm experiencing.Being loud about your rape hurts. Speaking up about your feelings, crying to your boss. I'm not a touchy feely person, and neither is my boss, but he gave me a hug. I feel embarrassed that I can't control these panic attacks. I feel hopeless cause after I gave my deposition my work wont intervene. I have to wait till July for the police to get back to me and I'm going to have to quit my job just to work in peace. He also most likely gave me HPV, which I just found out this morning.I tweet my emotions, and those tweets have been used against me. Send two texts in a month and make one phone call? Branded a crazy stalker. I guess all I really want is closure, which my HR director said I shouldn't bother. I just want him to know that this rape fucked me up, and if I don't say anything like his last victim, then he's just going to do it again. I'm not using a throw away. He might find this, and I hope he does.Sorry for the ramblingTL;DR Watch what you say, but stand by your convictions. It's going to be a hard road if you decide to act, and you should! (I'll let you know how it ends when it ends).
So today I decided I was going to sit down and write about something that affects a lot of people. I kept trying to think of things to write about but every time I thought of one I couldn’t write about it because I had never personally experienced it. After a few minutes of pondering and a couple of sentences of complete crap that I had no personal knowledge on, I decided to write about sexual harassment. Now before we get into this, I would like to point out that I am merely seventeen years of age and this man graduated high school in 1984. It was the 21st of December 2015; I remember the specific date as that was the day we had to dress Christmassy at work. My mother and I had decided to make a tutu a few days before to wear that day. I work in a supermarket so there were a lot of customers doing their last minute food shopping and I had many young children admiring my tutu. I even tied the ginormous thing around a little girl’s waist for her to wear as her mother was using the self-checkout. My shift was about to end and I was talking to a lovely old woman that I served quite often when one of my fellow employees walked up to the old woman and I and handed me a Christmas card. This man is older than my mother and he seemed like a genuinely nice guy so I didn’t give it any thought when he pulled an envelope out of his pocket and handed it to me. He didn’t have any other envelopes present and this lone envelope was sort of dirtied, as though it had been sitting in his pocket all day. I thanked the man with a smile as he walked out of the self-checkout area and turned back to the woman I was talking to. By the time the lovely lady had finished telling me about her granddaughter, my shift was over and my friend came to take over from me. I walked into the locker room and grabbed my stuff opening the card as I did so. “To [insert my name here],For the most attractive woman at [insert workplace here], it makes my day to see you smile.Merry Christmas, [insert old man’s name and mobile number here]”That is literally what it said. I practically ran through the store and out of the doors trying to hold my tears in. I got into my mum’s car and let everything out. I legitimately could not stop crying. Mum tried to get me to tell her why I was crying but I couldn’t say anything so I handed her the card and told her I was going to quit my job. When we got home she got straight on the phone to my boss and told him what had happened. My boss said that he would talk to the man in the morning, which he did. Despite my desperate pleas, Mum suggested that I went into work the next day. I only agreed under the conditions that I would be walked to the tea room by my older brother and he would wait at the door for me to finish my shift. I walked up to the main service desk and asked which register I would be working on that day and my service manager, who was unaware of the past day’s events, put me on register eight; which faced the freezers where the man worked. My friend was put on register seven and as soon as I got down there I had a massive break down. I burst into tears and sat on the floor shaking and crying while my friend was doing his best to calm me down. My brother explained the situation to my service manager and as it turns out, the guy had actually made a move on another sixteen year old girl. He grabbed her butt and she didn’t report him because she thought that she gave off the wrong signal. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN LISTEN UP:If you have ever been sexually harassed, it is not your fault. Nobody, and I mean NOBODY, wants that to happen to them. I can promise you that the only person in the wrong here is the disgusting human who decided to do this to you. I felt like it was my fault at first but I later realised that it wasn’t. I always spoke to this man and acted around this man the way I act around my manager. The man claimed to have written Christmas cards for everyone but when my manager asked around, I was the only one who got one. There was no excuse for his behaviour and honestly I still get a sick feeling whenever I see him. I still work with him as I didn’t quit and he wasn’t fired. My mother asked for him not to be fired as he has a family of his own and a son with a disability. He has been told not to communicate with me unless I start the conversation and, trust me, I will never be doing that. The hardest part of this whole thing is that only a few people know and he is still treated as though he is this amazing person and people treat him as though he is so great. It scares me that with not many people knowing about what happened, he might do it again to someone else. Remember, whatever happens to you is not your fault and there is always someone to talk to about this sort of thing. If you don’t stand up and speak out, it will happen to other people around you. Please, please, please speak up if anything ever does happen to you because if it happens to someone else, it may not be taken as seriously. Now, my experience is nowhere near as bad but I really hope it gives everyone who has dealt with this a bit of hope.
So this isn't my first time posting here. I originally made this account as a throwaway for my first post, but met some great people through this sub. Thank you for that, you are all amazing!Anyway, this weekend, I (26 f) went to an outdoor dance party with my best friend A (27 f), her brother E (35 M) and his best friend G (36 M). We started drinking at brunch around 1, and continued until the night ended at 10pm. I was definitely very indulgent, but that is besides the point.E has always been a bit weird, always hitting on A's friends. He tries to justify it as "none of you have a big brother, I'm protecting you" sort of deal, but none of us buy it and we all find him a bit creepy. He'll get handsy when he's drunk, and lose his sense of personal boundaries. He's often said if I were Jewish we would be married... I don't mirror his sentiments. It's hard because A loves him dearly, and A is my dearest friend in the world.Fast forward to the end of the night, and my memory is becoming a little foggy. However, I wake up the next morning and E is in my apartment. We are both fully clothed. "You shouldn't drink like that sourcreamyourpants, if I were a normal guy, you don't know what could have happened." Apparently he felt the need to "take care of me" and put me to bed. I notice all my jewelry is removed and on my nightstand (something I would never do) and my underwear is missing. Yes, it is possible I took my jewelry and my underwear off (and then proceeded to put my shorts back on), but something about this feels off to me. I immediately kicked E out of my apartment and went back to bed.I feel dirty. I never want to see E again. I may be reaching that he removed my underwear, but that seems like very bizarre behavior on my end. I don't remember the end of the night, so I can't approach him about it. I just wish it never happened. Basically I'm just ranting and I'm confused about what to do, if I can do anything at all.Tl:dr woke up with my best friends brother in my apartment, he may have stolen my underwear? Is my past making me paranoid? I just feel crazy and I wish I could wipe my memory.
We live in an age where it is a crime to be a victim of assault, I am guilt of allowing the man who assaulted me to get away. I contributed to the problem that we face. I can tell you the exact year, date, and time, the assault happened, I can tell you what direction the wind was blowing when it happened, I can tell you what the temperature it was. I can tell you all the smallest details. That now because of his choice in fruits minutes before he committed his crime, has forever made the smell of oranges cause my stomach to clench with fear and nausea. I can tell you the exact species of tree it was that I was held against, to make sure I couldn't draw my head back as he had his way with me. I can tell you how many times he called me a slut, a whore, a bitch and worthless. 7,19,2, and 11. I can tell you the color of his shirt, I could tell you the color of socks he wore. In the span of less than an hour, one man, whom I barely knew, shattered me.What I can't tell you is how many nightmares I've had of that night since. Nor how many times I have flinched when a man reaches out to shake my hand, or hug me. How many times I have scalded my skin in the shower in an attempt to numb myself of the memory of his hands on me. I can not tell you how many ways the less than an hours action for that man has crippled me. I can not walk in the dark without holding back tears. I can not lay in my tender and kind lovers arms without reassuring myself over and over again that he will not hurt me if I close my eyes.
I met a guy last Wednesday that seemed pretty great, aside from some over the top romanticism and being a bit handsy - but what guy isn't, I thought. Last night I was over at his house and we were making out and I've made it very clear already in the last few days that I don't want to have sex because the last guy I had sex with didn't love me. This guy is very religious so he said he understood completely so I thought, "Great, we can leave it at that."But the making out escalated to some more activity, though clothes didn't even come off. Suddenly he was taking off my underwear and I was telling him not to and he kept saying over and over "I just can't wait, I want you so bad." and I just said no, we talked about this and then like without skipping a beat he was in me and it was like I fucking froze up. I just didn't say anything, except for, "Don't cum in me." and he like hesitated for a moment but kept going and he CAME IN ME. This morning, I woke up merely annoyed and after talking to a few friends about it through out the day, they became very defensive and said that it was at best sexual assault because he blatantly disrespected my boundaries and I very clearly did not give consent to him finishing in me.I don't know how to feel though, because it doesn't follow the typical narrative of like crying and trying to fight back and the guy being a bad person and all that. I just feel kind of... I don't know. Like, my thoughts just feel so foggy, I can't really process this, I don't know how to.
I am an LGBT woman. I live in Florida (not far from Orlando). I am a universal donor with O- blood type. But I can't donate because I was raped and don't know my status. This attack feels very personal to me and the one thing I could do to actually help my community was taken from me.
i made a post about what happened right after he happened, [here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/rape/comments/4dsti4/i_think_i_was_raped_but_im_afraid_im_just/) and since then I've confronted the guy, who apologized and told me some bullshit ive not knowing how high i was and that drugs impaired consent but i know now that isnt true because he raped this other girl who found me at a party where i got drunk and bablled about it. anyway i found out he raped her twice using weed and she confronted him before all my stuff happened. and now i know he did this to me knowing what he was doing. hes manipulated and lied to me so much and i dont know how to process any of this. does anyone have any tips for dealing with and processing this. i just dont know what to do or how to deal with all my feelings. 
I think I may have been sexually abused or assaulted as a child.I am 19y/o and I have a lot of mental illnesses. Some of these are illnesses that typically stem from abuse/trauma- BPD, and high levels of dissociation, with amnesia, time loss, depersonalization and derealization, and multiple personalities. I was emotionally and sometimes physically abused growing up. Even so, my parents were not awful, and they kept a very close eye on me. I have a history of self-harm and a suicide attempt.I am hypervigilant, have anxiety and panic attacks during some of which I feel that people are touching or attacking me, or extreme guilt and feelings of responsibility for getting myself hurt/someone else getting hurt. I have psychotic symptoms but I am good at recognizing when a symptom is psychotic and when it is not (such as a delusion of danger vs anxiety about being watched.) I am always looking over my shoulder, both literally and figuratively. I have nightmares, some of which I don't remember; and in which I feel hunted or chased; dirty, sad, guilty, or alone (or all of those things); or I feel faceless hands all over me and touching me everywhere I do not want to be touched. Sometimes upon coming close to sleep, I am jolted awake by feelings of terror, immediate danger, or of being surrounded/touched by awful, awful things. (This is not sleep paralysis, as I have experienced that and while it is terrifying, it is completely different.)My memories of my childhood are few and most are vague. Much of my memory is blank space, or seems to me very dark, murky, and ambiguous. I remember a lot of fear and a lot of confusion. I am sure I must have had some psychosis as a young child as well, because I can remember my fears of the dark and of being alone, and I can remember seeing shadows move and electricity in the air. Even so, that is not the same kind of feeling, nor does it seem to account for the other brands of fear I felt as a child and continue to feel. I could not be in rooms alone, especially if they were dim or dark. I always felt like I was being watched.I am afraid of being approached by men. I am often uncomfortable being hugged/touched by men, even family members. Something that I don't like to think about and I have only recently admitted to myself is that I often don't like being touched by or around female family members either, as I can find their touches or their presence arousing in a way that disturbs me. These are people to whom I am not attracted, and these feelings are unpleasant and intrusive. (I do also have trouble with intrusive thoughts, which sometimes overlap with this.)When I was younger I was very sadomasochistic, both sexually and non-sexually from the time I was a toddler (the earliest I can remember is about 2 years old. The feeling I associated with being injured uncertain ways was later clarified as sexual arousal.) These fantasies often included restraints, coercion, and torture (ex. I remember being around 6 and having tied myself to a bedpost, alternately pretending to be stabbed by a brutish man, and pretending to be an accused witch about to be burned at the stake. It became milder in my late teens when I began realizing some of the extent of my detachment and dissociation, and began working on ways to relate to and understaned people better; to achieve emotional intimacy without infringing upon others' boundaries. I was also very sexual from a very young age. I discovered self-stimulation at about 4 or 5. About six or seven I was warned about strangers and told a stranger might kidnap me. When I asked why this was dangerous, I was told they might 'stick things in' me, and that it would hurt. This was my mother's way of explaining rape. I did not understand that she meant sexual penetration, but I fantasized about being kidnapped and harmed. When I understood that forcible and often degrading sex was part of the equation, I fantasized about it that as well, sometimes almost obsessively. As I grew older, I found appeal in the idea of being the abuser; of sexually abusing someone else either because they were attractive or because for some reason I felt contempt for them- I am sure this was a sexually sadistic desire for power and a subsequent displacement and rationalization. I found to my dismay that I could get into the mind of someone who hurt others and excused it with the assertion that they asked for it by incurring contempt (in arbitrary and of course self-serving manner.)I never hurt anyone, sexually or otherwise, besides a few incidents as a child where I played too rough (those incidents were not sexual and no one was injured, although I frightened a friend once and I'm sure I made myself look like an ass. I did not realize when my behavior was out of hand, or that I was behaving differently than the social script encouraged). Sometimes still while having sex I will fantasise along these lines, although often now I imagine myself as much younger (and often I look different) or as a male abuser. This also makes my very uncomfortable. I hate saying any of that part because it makes me feel disgusting. I promise, I promise, I promise that I am no predator. I am outspoken against rape culture and rape apologism and vehement in support of victims. Please do not think I am a terrible person.I understand that I am mentally ill and I understand that these kinds of thoughts can occur because of dissociation, difficulty relating, or as coping mechanisms for childhood abuse. For a long time I have thought it was only the first two, that I could not possibly have been abused. However, I started college this year and finally had room to experiment with drugs and alcohol, which under the right conditions are amazing but which also cart the risk of opening doors in my head that I'd rather stay closed. There have been times when drunk or high or just during dissociative episodes that I would talk about people hurting me (or hurting 'us' or 'her,'depending on who was talking). These things frighten me because these are the feelings of fear I fall into when those boxes in my head open, and I can't get them shut quickly enough.It also became more apparent that I have other personalities, and some of them are very particular about who touches them, and how, and where. Some of them don't like to think about things. Some of them, as far as I can tell, consist only of fear or of pain or or of guilt or of helplessness or of sense memories that I am convinced I have fabricated because they should not be there.I have a very perverse desire to embrace my feelings of filthiness and lack of worth. I never feel clean. I feel like a shell and I find myself craving abuse in the sense that I feel like I deserve it, and I feel as though it would normalise the thoughts and feelings going on in my head. Sometimes I feel an urge to just let myself drown in the fear, give up hope of ever feeling worthwhile. I wonder if maybe I could wear it like a cloak, if it would ever become enough to make me seem like more of a human.I find myself crying at rape/sexual assault scenes and stories, and the tears come on without warning and often don't feel like my own. Sometimes I'm not sure which ones of us may be crying. I only know that it makes me feel awful and terrible inside and that it stirs up emotions of desolation and my equivalent of anger in a way nothing else does. (I don't feel anger anymore. I used to have anger issues but then they went away, and I can't feel it at all. The closest is kind of this strange burning twisting all the way from my bowels to my throat, and sometimes a need to defend myself or someone else. Often this feeling turns into self-destructive impulse.) I've written about rape and sexual abuse since my early teens.I feel very very frightened of thinking I may have been assaulted, not because of what it may mean for me, but because if I wasn't, then I am barging into a space for people who were. I feel as though I would be trivialising the experience of sexual assault victims. If that be the case, then please know that I am so, so sorry. I don't know anything for sure and I have been so afraid and so mixed up for so long. I can remember so little and so many spaces in my head are closed of or cordoned by disallowance. I don't have access to the entirety of the body's memories.I'm also afraid that people are going to think I'm making things up. Every time something new happens or a new symptom or memory surfaces, then I am so worried that people are going to think I made it up. I promise, I promise, to the best of my knowledge this is all as true and accurate as possible. So much of this, I don't know anything for sure, and I haven't ever been brave enough to address it like this. Please, please don't think I'm faking, that's never something I would do. Between this and other things, my life is slowly falling apart, and has been for a long time, and I don't have a lot of time to fix myself. 
**TL;DR:** My mom made victim-blaming comments and we haven't talked much for the past 6 months. I felt like she ruined my graduation yesterday. Not sure how/when to forgive her.---I'm really sorry this is so long but I really need advice. Thank you so much for taking the time to read this.# Why we're fightingBasically, I was raped 6 months ago by an ex of mine. At the time, I struggled to tell my mom, who didn't even know I was sexually active, and I had her promise me that she wouldn't get mad. After a long time crying on the phone while she repeatedly consoled me and told me I could tell her, I finally did. Well, she did get upset, and I hung up shortly afterward. She responded over text saying that I need to "take responsibility for my own actions" by going over there and I had a "lack of good judgement". She said stuff like "You like being punished over and over again."Anyway, that was 6 months ago. Over the holidays we didn't talk. Why? Because as we drove to the airport, she told me that I "thought I was SOOO smart. You kids aren't that smart" in reference to the rape. To reiterate, at that point she knew it was rape and that I was reporting him.# Attempts at ReconciliationEssentially, we only talk for practicalities' sake, and I don't live with her so this usually amounts to texting every couple months when I need documents or things like that. She occasionally asks me how I am doing but I don't reply.During this time, I wrote and sent her a letter that outlined why I was upset. I got one in response after a few months that, in my opinion, amounted to a bunch of excuses. For example, immediately after I told her about the rape, she offered to come over. I took care to explain to her that I needed space and that she wasn't being supportive. She showed up the next day to my door unannounced. This was one of the things I was upset about, but she keeps saying "don't you see that I was trying to care for you?"Another part of the letter that bothered me was that she asked I delete screenshots of the texts she sent me where she blamed me. She told me to seek therapy. Not sure why, as I have been healing just fine and doing pretty well. It seemed like her way of saying "seek therapy because you won't forgive me". I haven't really responded to her letter itself yet.To be clear, she has profusely apologized in the letter and in person, but I get the sense that she is doing this out of convenience instead of for me. She kept telling me that she said that stuff "because she didn't know it was rape, she just thought it was coercive sex", but the texts she sent me PROVED she thought it was rape, as did the comments she made on our way to the airport.# My graduationANYWAY, this is where shit kicks off. Yesterday was my graduation and I expected my family to attend. I made dinner reservations for 5 people, which they knew. She attended, but I reminded her beforehand that I would not like to hug her or be expected to respond to any of her questions. After the event, she made a sarcastic comment about one of my friends "having FUN with HER family" and just generally seemed to be rolling her eyes to my brother about things, acting as though this situation was due to my emotional immaturity. She also decided that this meant I didn't want her to attend my celebratory dinner. My autistic brother didn't go either, and while she would normally get upset with one of us for not attending, she didn't make him go. So on a day I wanted to be really happy, I wound up crying and eating dinner with just my oldest brother and father, both of which tried to convince me to let things go (although they don't know why we are fighting). She also wound up crying in front of my brothers when I was not around. After the dinner and after I was back at home, I get a call from my oldest brother. She had called him sobbing about it. He asked me to forgive my mother (he still didn't know why we are fighting). I've only ever seen him cry once -- at a funeral -- but he was crying so much that he couldn't speak to me over the phone. It really broke my heart.She sent me a text apologizing for not realizing I wanted them to be there. I angrily texted her back, telling her that her apologies amounted to excuses. I repeatedly told her she was lying and that she *knew about the rape when she made those comments*, something she kept denying. After getting angrier and angrier and sending more and more proof to her, she finally caved and accepted responsibility and asked how she can help ease my pain. The problem is that, based on her behavior yesterday and the continued refusal to accept her wrongdoing, it just doesn't feel genuine.Well....I was really angry and I went off on her. I had been upset at her before but I finally stopped trying to be clear headed about this, especially since I felt my graduation day had been ruined. I said some mean things that I've never said to her before: told her I was nothing like her, that her only accomplishment was popping out kids, that I didn't miss talking to her at all, etc. I ended by telling her not to talk to me.I felt like such a bitch. I know she wants me to forgive her and I can't help but feel like I'm being stubborn and nitpicky. I hate that my oldest brother is hurting so badly, and during my angry rant I told her to leave him out of it. I just don't know where to go from here. I am exhausted and I really do want to forgive her, but these apologies just don't seem genuine, especially because of the way she was acting at my graduation and her refusal to accept that the comments she made were after she knew about the rape (until I backed her into a corner with it). I don't know how to resolve things if we aren't speaking, either. I guess I could respond to her letter? I don't know. Advice?
With all the recent press about the Stanford Rapist, I can't help but start to dwell on my own incident with a nice, wealthy, all-American young man when I was 21 years old (I'm about to be 26 now). We had gone on a few dates, had sex once after the second date, and it was nice. He was nice. But by the end of the third date I knew I just wasn't that into him and didn't see a future with him. I was also still hung up on a guy I worked with who didn't want a relationship with me, and while I was trying to move on by dating other people, I really wasn't over him. On this third date, we went and got sushi and I had a couple pomegranate martinis. They were a bit stronger than I was used to, and I ended up being too drunk to drive. He just lived down the street and I had been to his place before, so when the restaurant was closing and I was too drunk to take myself home, I agreed to go home with him until I sobered up enough to drive. We were hanging out and I realized I couldn't just keep acting like I was into him while he was wanting to hook up again, so I told him I was in love with someone else and that I couldn't keep seeing him while I felt that way because it wasn't fair to lead him on. He seemed very understanding at first, but then he kept trying to undress me and get me to have sex with him. I told him I wasn't in the mood and that I didn't want to, but he ignored me and I felt like if I made a big deal and physically fought him off then I would be stranded without my car (this was before Uber was a big thing) and I didn't know how he would react. I felt like, "what's the big deal, I've already slept with him once, might as well just let him get it over with and then I can go home". In retrospect, I also feel like if I had fought back then it would have made it seem real. By not fighting, it wasn't really rape, because I had always told myself that if it happened to me I would fight tooth and nail to prevent it. I was also incredibly drunk to the point where I was very uncoordinated and slurring, so physically it would have been difficult to fight. It took a few years for me to even admit to myself that I had said no, and he did it anyways, which is the exact definition of rape, regardless of whether I fought back or not. Even still I have a hard time calling it rape. For one, he doesn't fit the typical version of what we think rapists look and act like. He was professional, polite, not violent, came from a "good family", had a good job, nice car, etc. I'm sure he doesn't think he did anything wrong or considers himself a rapist. I also didn't have PTSD, or a huge bout of depression, or feel like I had to shower 6 times to get the dirtiness off. You hear about rape victims feeling so horrible that they contemplate/commit suicide, and that was definitely not me. In recent years I've only told a couple close friends and my now fiance that it happened, but I never called it rape. Now that I keep reading all these articles and letters about Brock Turner, I can't help but keep thinking about that night and comparing my own experience. I didn't end up in the hospital, I wasn't on the dirty ground behind a dumpster, but I was violated without my consent and I feel like I finally have to get my story out on paper and tell people about it, even if it's anonymously.  
I try to be open about my rape and PTSD online in hopes that other survivors out there don't feel as alone as I did. It's hard, especially with recent activity in the news but I have been pretty stable lately and it's important, so I soldier on as best I can. Recently, my minister at church asked if I would work with a prominent young man in the church to plan a retreat. I told her I couldn't because he once raped me. She's been incredibly supportive, I asked her to keep my name out of things and she is. There's a group of women ministers who she shared the gist of my story with and even though no names were used, his identity was guessed. Now many of these ladies want him removed from a position of power. That means I have to keep telling my story of how he raped me, how I tried to forgive him after he seemed to show genuine remorse only for him to start being inappropriate again. When my minister tried to take my story to HR, she found out nothing like this has ever been brought to HR. I can't believe nobody has ever been raped by someone in my church so I have to assume that there's a pervasive culture of silence. I talked with my minister on Friday around lunch time and then came home to sleep for 12 hours. I'm supposed to be talking with another church friend today and then having a video conference on Monday. I know it's important to not stay quiet, but I'm so tired already. I'm walking around in a fog, my legs feel too heavy to move and I'm terrified of dealing with him, when it comes to that. I was raped years before the incident with this church fellow, so I never really felt the need to tell people when I was raped AGAIN so very few of my friends know. My family doesn't know. I know I should at least tell my mom, but I don't want to see how sad and mad that will make her. I don't want to see my father cry again. But I want their support. I really want someone to tell me that I don't have to do this, even though I know it's important. It's a big burden because it's not just about what happened to me, it's what could happen to the next girl, it's about everyone who's voice wasn't heard, it's about all of us survivors. I know I'm strong, but am I strong enough?TL;DR- trying to stay strong for myself and other survivors and shed light on abusers in church  
Previous post: https://www.reddit.com/r/rape/comments/42zfml/my_friend_got_raped_and_things_are_complicated/Fast forward 4 months. Where do I even begin. We agreed to stop talking about what happened on a few exceptions. I can ask her from time to time how she's doing and she can bring it up if she wants to. Also I don't want to talk with her about my feelings for her anymore because it will only make me sad. She is not jumpy anymore and she even feels comfortable with hugging me. And I'm able to cope with this situation a loot better than before. Because of that I've been able to give her more space and distanced myself just enough to be beneficial for us both.But now there is this one thing I hope to get some advice on. I'm noticing a slight change in her  attitude towards me. I've noticed her randomly looking at me a lot more than before. And for example, when we sat next to each other in class we shared one book and sometimes we were touching elbows or arms. Normally she'd pull away immediately but this time she didn't.I think it might give opportunity to (very carefully) see if I can move things further over time. But I might just be over analyzing things. And I reeally don't want to make her feel uncomfortable.I could just ask, but that would blow the whole purpose of flirting am I right?Just one final note: of course this is not important compared to her wellbeing. But that's the point, she's doing really great! And it feels like a relief to be able to think about smaller stuff now.
Last week I invited my hookup buddy over to have sex. Before we started, he bugged me about wanting to do anal, which I had never done before. I laughed in his face, said no, that I'd never done it before and my first time wasn't going to be with him.Fast forward to us having sex. Suddenly he moves us from the bed to standing on the floor. Pushes my shoulders down so that I'm leaning against the wall, and then he just... does anal. It took me a second to process what was happening, then I told him to stop, and after a few more thrusts he did.I feel like this shouldn't be a big deal, it didn't even hurt, but now I feel so incredibly depressed. I don't want to leave my bedroom. I'm humiliated and I feel violated. I feel disgusting and stupid and so many other awful things. I can't stop crying. I don't get why I'm having such a strong reaction to this. I agreed to have sex with him after all.Has anyone else experienced something like this?
Unfortunately this is not the first time I post something here.I spent the past 4 years of my life recovering from what happened. And last night it happened again. I was at a party, had a few drinks and went outside for some air... Took a walk to the corner which is only like 3 meters away from the building where the security was standing. That's when 2 guys pass by in their car and one of them goes down and carries me in. He had his hand on my mouth so my screams were unheard and they drove off. They took their turns with my body and then dropped me off where they picked me up from.I didn't see their faces clearly or the plate number.I thought to myself I overcame this before but this time I was gonna tell someone. So I did. I was crying the whole time and I told my friend. He was so pissed we went outside to look for it and we told the security and all that. Then we sat down and he starts blaming me for going outside alone. For being dressed like this. I was wearing pants and a shirt!!!! NOT A SINGLE PART OF MY BODY WAS SHOWING. I started yelling at him for blaming ME. I was the victim here and I wasn't gonna take any victim blaming anymore. Not like the last time. So I went and told my other friends. They were supportive bt no one would drive me home everyone wanted to party and I was too afraid to call a cab and leave by myself.I sat and cried for 3 hours until they drove me home at around 4h30 am.I just woke up and Im still crying. I dont want it to take over my life like it did before I don't want to go through that again.I thought this can't happen to me twice. Why did it happen twice? I just graduated from law school. I have my whole life ahead of me and I don't want to let this affect me. I can't control my anger and my tears. This time they are not tears of shame but tears of anger over the victim blaming and the fact that i can't catch them.This time I'm stronger but i am helpless. I don't know what to do. So I wrote about it here.
I live in California and she lives in Texas so there's quite a large distance between the two of us.  She told me a friend of hers was drunk and forced her to do sexual acts while he filmed it and threatens to release the footage if she goes to the police. I'm so angry and upset, but she seems to want to just forget about it so i haven't brought it up a while.  The guy was 17 and she's 18 so shes connvinced that even if she went to the police there's nothing they could do.  She's also terrified of ruining her future because of the video he took. I don't know what to do

I was raped a couple months back. I had been seeing this guy for a couple of weeks, we had really good chemistry. one night we had plans to make dinner, we fucked, then he tried to go to sleep before we could even cook. I wasn't tired, so I urged him to get out of bed. we made food, then drank a bit. I was drunk, pretty drunk. we were laying in bed just lounging when he asked me to put my hand down his hand down his pants, so I did saying "I don't want to have sex again." I said this MULTIPLE times. he was like "no, no, just touch me a bit." so I did, and that somehow moved to him eating me out. he even noted that I was just watching television not looking at him at all and or showing any emotion. I don't really remember anything after this. i had a panic attack and just sort of blacked out until I started feeling a really bad pains. I wasn't turned on at all, I told him I couldn't do it. so he switched positions and kept going at it. only for it to hurt more, he asked to just sit inside me. so I sat there just freaked out, and he tried to start going at it again. I dragged myself away and attempted to put my clothes on when he pushed me against the wall, then I pulled away and quickly got dressed. I don't remember the rest of the night. I blocked his number (and on everything else) and fell into a massive depressive state. contemplating suicide. (I suffer from really bad depression) I'm sorry this is so long, but I really don't know what to do. I finally mustered up the courage to ask him to meet me for coffee next week to talk, and he said yes. how should I go about this? I think it'll help me get over it, and stop having such bad panic attacks when I see anything pertaining to him and or someone who looks similar.. please, please help.
As a young girl I was innocent, no clue what sex was or any of the stuff that went along with it. I didn't even know what most swear words meant. But I was always one to try and fit in. Coming to a new school and being a very awkward not yet attractive young almost preteen I didn't make friends very easily, so the ones I had I always tried to keep.    One night sitting with my bestfriend and her brother (who I had a crush on)  he had started asking us weird questions like have we ever had sex, do we know what blowjobs are, had we ever given hand jobs... Being only 10 at the time the answers to all those questions were no no and no..... Butttt trying to fit in and sound cool I said yes, what's that? And yes!   The entire time I was holding a teddy bear which I ended up leaving as I went upstairs to bed with my friend...    Her brother called me back down there to grab it so I did and he kissed me!    He was 6 years older than me.  But having had a crush on him and never really been kissed before made it exciting!!! I ran to tell my friend who thought that was gross and weird (she was right) Because later he called me back and kissed me again this time telling me to pull my pants down... Excuse me?? I hesitated of course. I was a 10 year old virgin! Who had no idea what sex really was. I was TERRIFIED!  He pulled them down for me bent me over the vouch and rammed himself into me dry.  I held my screams in and held my tears back I didn't know what to do but I definitely couldn't tell my friend and I could not run   he was much bigger than me. He held me down and carried and later trying to analy penetrate me. I cried jt was horrific and horrible. It carried on for THREE years... Why? Because I was scared.. He told me it was my fault, he convinced me I was the bad one. I would get in trouble. No one would believe me.  One day I told my friend, she didn't understand that her brother would do that,  she didn't understand what rape was. It carried on. Everytime he'd send his sister out of the room and I'd beg her no to leave me. Everytime I left a room alone. Everytime. All the time. Why did I keep going back to her house?  I was young I was scared I didn't know what to do, if I stopped going there my mom would ask and I couldn't let her find out, I didn't want her to be mad at me.    So it carried on for THREE years.. Until I told someone. A boy, he said that wasn't okay and it wasn't my fault. So the next time, he locked me in a bathroom and tried to force my pants down I cried and told him I'd scream for his mom (she was downstairs) he let me out and called me a bitch, said if anyone found out he'd deny and he'd kill me... In grade six there was a rumour of this but no one told anyone it was rape, so I was a whore... In junior high I confronted his sister and told him it was really rape and he hurt me, my bestfriend!!  My rapists sister didn't believe me and spread the whore rumour again...  Only it was worse. I tried to tell everyone they didn't understand, it got worse they hurt me they ruined my life for three more years... I finally confronted my bestfriends and rapists mom she yelled at him and that was it... I didn't talk to my bestfriend for along time after that.   Five years later my ex told my mom what happened in a drunken argument.  There was nothing we could do by then, atleast thats what she said.   Ten years later I'm back in contact with my rapists sister aka my bestfriend, why do I talk to her? How do I talk to her?  What makes her my only and best friend?  I don't know, I wish I knew.. Because of those three disgusting years, I cried myself to sleep for 8 of them, I believed the rumours about myself for 5 of them, I was raped again by other men... 4 of them, I let myself believe and be treated the way he made me feel for 8 years. I have now overcome this for the most part. But everyday I'm with my friend I wonder what I'm doing, I wonder what people would say if they knew who she was related to, I wonder what my parents think after knowing what her brother did,  I wonder would anyone believe me?  Am I still friends with her because I still believe I deserved it?
I am currently trying to exist without dating anyone so I can try and get through my PTSD from being raped. But people keep asking me out, hitting on me intensely and getting angry and aggressive at me for not being interested. Recently this happened with some co-workers. I kind of assumed I was safe in work, apparently not. I want to just be allowed to go about my life without people demanding some kind of romantic or sexual attention. Even if its just for a few months while I'm in such a sensitive state. Experiences with pushy men are just building on my PTSD, making it harder and harder to feel safe anywhere. I can't tell the difference between someone who is safe and wellmeaning, and someone who isn't. It feels like just as I start to relax, something else happens and sets me back. 
I struggle with depression and anxiety. Last night I was feeling terrible. I took some xanax and drank some alcohol and went for a walk. I was pretty fucked up and I don't remember a lot of it. I ended up smoking weed with a couple of guys on their porch. We walked to the corner store and I remember being there. On the walk back everything caught up with me and I don't remember a lot. One of the guys put his arm around me because I was having trouble walking. I remember bits and pieces of walking back. But when we got back to their house the other guy went inside and the one helping me walk led me to a shed in the back. I remember there was an air mattress and I laid down because I was so fucked up I was probably about to pass out. Next thing I know he is pulling off my shorts. At first I didn't say no because I was so depressed I just didn't care. I didn't do anything. I just let him use me however he wanted because I feel so worthless. Then I remember it hurting really bad so I told him to stop and tried to push him off of me. He kept saying "don't be a pain just let me finish" so I stop struggling and just cried and kept asking him to please stop. As soon as he got off of me I left. I think I walked home but I don't remember it. I know what happened is my fault because I was stupid and put myself in that situation. I just don't know what to do. I feel completely worthless.
We were together for roughly half a year, and I was a virgin. He said he was but I don't believe it. I didn't want to have sex yet but he kept asking. So I gave in.We had sex after being together for a couple of months and it was nothing special. After we had sex, he wanted it every couple of days.Yes there were several times I was alright with having sex, and even a few times I initiated it. Most of the time I was just letting him have sex with me because I thought he would leave me, or because I knew he would have sex with me anyhow.Here are the times I feel like I might have been raped, but I know he never saw it as that.I was asleep and woke up to him trying to have anal with me. I asked him what he was doing and he said to be quiet. I asked him to stop but he shoved himself inside of me, and it hurt so I tried to pull away from him. When I did this he pulled me back to him completely and said to relax and that it would stop hurting soon.Whenever I said no he would just beg and beg and beg. Eventually I gave into it because after a few minutes he would get angry and he would force himself on me.Those are just a couple of examples of instances. I had nightmares from my ex - boyfriend for months and still do every once in a while. I told my current boyfriend about my problems and he is very understanding, and he told me yes it is rape. I feel like I wasn't raped because I never stopped him completely since we still ended up having sex. I am also afraid of what would happen if my ex -boyfriend found out I was using the term rape.
Basically after me and my ex broke up he invited me to his house, saying he wanted to try and be friends and then he raped me while I was sleeping. This was in 2013. I cut off all contact with him.Six months later I had a text from a friend advising me to look at his tumblr account. He had posted on there a detailed description of the rape from his point of view. I contacted him and asked him to take it down but he wouldn't until I spoke to him. I reported it to the police and they asked if I wanted to make a complaint against him, which I did. He was arrested and released on bail conditions and all of the evidence was sent to the crown prosecution service so that they could make a decision about whether or not the case would proceed to court.Fast forward another 10 months and him being re-bailed 3 times, the cps decided that there wasn't enough evidence. I was devistated. I begged my ex's ex girlfriend to go to the police with her story of what happened (as the same had happened to her) and she refused. I decided not to appeal the decision because I had no further evidence to offer and I would feel so anxious all of the time waiting for an answer from the cps and I didn't think I could go through that again.Now we're a year later. I'm pretty much ok. I still have nightmares and I don't like to sleep at other people's houses much. I sometimes have panic attacks. What I'm struggling the most with is his tumblr. I can't stop myself from checking it to make sure he hasn't posted anything else about me. He hasn't in the last 2 years so I don't know why I'm so worried still. And it makes me miserable because he's always reblogging pictures of naked women and then posting about women's rights. I know he has a daughter now and it scares me. But today he posted about how hard it is for him to get over his ex girlfriend (the one before me) and how that relearionship ending was the worst thing that ever happened to him and this makes me so angry. After what he did to me why does that get the be the worst thing that happened to him? I know I need to stop looking on his tumblr but when I do try to stop I start to get anxious again, where as at least when I check I can look, get a bit sad or angry, and then I can get on with my day without thinking about it.Any advice about how I can move on?
I want to report my rapist to the police. What will happen to him if i do so?
TRIGGER WARNING. This is going to be a long post, just warning anyone who takes the time to read this. Thank you to everyone in advance for helping me with this. This is a throwaway for obvious reasons.So recently, about 2 months or so ago, I told some of my family about being molested by my stepdad when I was younger. I talked to a family friend lawyer to get some info on what to do, and he was extremely helpful. He gave me several alternatives on what to do, whether I wanted to do nothing, go file a police report, tell CPS (I have a sister that just turned 10 and a brother that is 8 that I hope will never be in the same situation.), or I could do all of them. Well I still do not know what to do.The problem is that I am 23 about to turn 24 in July. I cannot remember when it started, but I know for a fact that it ended in 2008 when I was in 10th grade. I shared a room with my brother, and we had a bunkbed. I slept on the bottom bunk and he slept on the top bunk. My stepdad would sneak in our room when we were sleeping and lay on my bed. I remember he started with rubbing me over my pants and then working his way under my underwear eventually after a couple weeks. I am not completely sure how long it took him do that. Everytime he came in my room, I was sleeping and I would wake up while he was touching me or grinding on me. Eventually I was paranoid, and I would wake up the second I heard him open the door. He eventually started fingering me, and I would close my legs shut, but he would open them anyways and keep on doing it. He tried to do oral on me a couple times but I always squeezed my legs really tight so he couldn't. He would lick my thighs trying to do that and he would give up. He would make me orgasm.I was always quiet and act like I was sleeping. I would freeze up. He never told me not to tell or anything. I guess he assumed that I wouldn't considering I was very shy, had extremely bad self esteem, and never stood up for myself.I always thought it was my fault especially since he would make me orgasm. I figured I liked it because of that so I just kept quiet and never said anything. He would do all of this several times a week. I cant remember how long, if it was a couple months or years. It felt like a long time. He would also come into the bathroom when I was taking a bath and try to watch me. I would cover up and tell him to get out but he would laugh and act like he was joking. Well I just want advice on what I should do. I'm afraid to go to court because I don't want a ton of strangers in the room. If it was a closed court then yes I think I might do it. But still, its my word against his. What if they accuse me of lying and falsely accusing him? What if they don't do anything since its been 9 years? The lawyer I talked to said any kind of penetration is rape. It doesn't matter if its an object, tongue or a finger. And he did finger me, so he would have technically raped me? Everyone I have told supports me completely and believes me thank god. They want me to do whatever I want and feel comfortable with. I just want whats best for my sister and brother. I do not want this to happen to them. Sorry for this post being so long.
Hi, so just to make it simple, me and my ex broke up a month ago but about 2 weeks ago, he came over and in his car he asked if i wanted to come over to his house just to watch a movie but i clearly told him no several times. He promised me that we wouldn't have sex so i finally gave in and went to his house. Once we arrived he didn't hesitate to start kissing me ect and once again i clearly told him that i didn't want to do anything with him. he didn't stop even after pushing him away several times and telling him to stop and saying "no" about 100 times. He told me that we could just forget about what happened and just pretend that it never happened. I cried during it and after and he did not stop. Is this considered rape? I haven't been able to eat much for about 2 weeks now and when i do i just vomit it up. I sleep about 2 hours a night and can't stop feeling anxious about what happened.
I had this boyfriend (my very LAST BOYFRIEND!! Almost 2 years ago!!) who would make sure I had alcohol every night .. Mostly I WANTED to drink cuz my mom had recently died and I was really depressed and WANTED it to kill the pain... BUT I FEEL he would buy it and supply it so that I WOULD pass out.. ONE NIGHT I woke up to him in my ass KNOWING BTW THAT IM TOTALLY ANTI ANAL.. And I didn't know what to do..so I started acting like I was waking up (freaked out !!) But didn't want him to know I knew what he was doing to not embarass him him because I was mordifid.. He pulled out quickly ..tucked me in and went on his computer acting like he wasn't doing anything at all.. When I " woke up" I asked what he was doing he then said " OH nothing talking to Marshall online"..acted like he never had sex wih me... So I never brang up but started falling out of love cuz I didn't know what to do about it to not embareas him that I knew.. And started wearing onsie panjammies to sleep ..but one night I passed out again and wasn't wearing them and he did it again!! And this time I woke up and freaked out on him and his reply was " you told me I could ! " which he knows sooo well I have a phobia of ANAL sex and wouldn't do!.. And I couldn't be with him anymore after cuz I couldn't trust him and I was disgusted.. Please tell me this is rape right?? It has to be when I don't concent..  After we broke up I found out he had a girlfriend a d I asked " what do you rape her in the ass too??" his reply was " no I don't have to..." wtf does that mean?? Needless to say I am a pretty girl and a good hearted girl but have not looked at a guy sexually or emotionally in almost 2 years cu I trusted him and he ruined sex for me and any intimacy since.. It grosses me out even the idea of trusting a guy to date since then I was pretty sure I had become Asexual from my dramatic experience is that possible? And if so how do I come back to normal again after THAT??!
When I drove my family car to get gas one night, I was approached by maybe 4 guys who I knew right away that they wanted to do something to me. I let two of the guys remove my jacket and purse from me and I pretended to stop resisting before I ran for it into the grass in the dark and took random turns in the grass and dived down. They looked for me for maybe 10 minutes or more and left. I have been scared to go to gas stations at night and if I absolutely have to I usually check out 6 or 7 stations before I find one where there is either some women there or is completely empty which still is unsettling to me.
I was raped repeatedly from the ages of 15-19 by my boyfriend. I had wanted to wait for marriage and he said if I loved him we would have sex. He raped me. I cried, I said no, I did all the things you should do. No one heard, no one cared. My parents didn't trust me dating an older guy at first, but her grew on them. Even now they once in a while mention how much he loved and cared for me.When I left for college at 18 he would blackmail me in to coming hours on a bus to his apartment, so he could fuck me. If I didn't he would tell my parents all the stuff we did. And maybe send them pictures. I always begged him not to take pictures, and I never knew when he did if he did, but I could have been tied up and blindfolded at that point.  He was the worst when he smoked. Because afterwords he would use it as an excuse. It was always rougher then, and those times it was more likely he would shove it in other places. He also would gaslight me, even after I cut all contact. I have some memory problems (yes I see a neurologist and other specialists.)  I had been out with friends all day and he texted me telling me about how much he enjoyed seeing me today. I eventually texted his mom thinking he was having a breakdown as my friends confirmed I had been with them from 7 AM. His mom texted back how much she loved seeing me. Eventually he told me how funny it was and that he had his mothers phone. I deserved it for being a 'selfish conceited conformist bitch'.When I was 19/20 his new new wife contacted me, telling me she was his sex slave. Just like how I was. She told me about how I loved being raped. I unblocked him long enough to tell him to leave me alone and to tell his wife to as well. (I know I posted about this around when it happened)He contacted me a few months later saying that she was crazy and he was so sorry.I told him to leave me alone. Now tonight he contacted me again. Telling me that he had been to see a psychiatrist and that he got diagnosed with all these things. Acting like that makes it better. He said he is moving far away and I will never see him again. Not that I would either way. I already moved far away. I just need to talk please. 
My sister was raped by her "friend" about a year ago. Throughout the past year she founded a charity fashion show with the goal of raising money for a local sexual assault organization, as well as awareness of sexual assault as a whole. I am extremely proud of her as she has worked so hard to make bring awareness to an important issue in our world.Her rapist (let's call him Tyler), was a friend to her when she didn't have many. She trusted him and enjoyed his friendship. He took advantage of her trust and hurt her more than I can ever imagine. Since the rape, his family has been less than apologetic/friendly with my sister and family. For example, my mother left a letter in their mailbox earlier this spring, to let them know of our frustrations with how they have handled the situation (no apology for what happened whatsoever). They decided they this was harassment and called the cops. The police told my parents how insane this accusation was, and that we have nothing to worry about, however he also said hoping for an apology from them is pointless. These people have been extremely rude and disrespectful with us ever since the rape, and are simply evil in my opinion. Tyler hasn't been living with his family for the last 8 months to a year, but he returned home a few weeks ago. He wasn't away for school, however I'm not exactly sure where he was. His return has put immense stress on my sister, who struggles with very serious depression and anxiety. My parents think it is a good idea to leave another letter asking them to have Tyler relocated by the end of the summer (luckily my sister is away this summer working at a summer camp). We expect them to call the police for harassment again, however it's worth a try. My mother also had the idea to put up posters around our neighbourhood with Tyler's face on it, and pretty much publicy shaming and embarrassing him as a rapist, hoping this lets him and his family know they aren't wanted here (they moved here maybe two or two and a half years ago). Is this a good idea? We are hoping we won't end up having to move because of this very unfortunate situation. Does anyone have any suggestions as to what we can do? We live in Ontario, Canada if that makes any legal difference. Thanks for your help in advance. tl;dr: My sisters rapist lives 4 doors down and she is struggling with her depression and anxiety. How can we try and have him and/or his family move away?
I posted this in /r/legaladvice and it sounds like I may not have many options, but I'm hoping you all may be able to help further.Background:Not sure how much of this background matters, but just in case I'm providing what I think could be relevant. My former boyfriend and I made about 60 pornographic videos that we posted online for the purpose of making money. Over the course of 3 years we made a significant amount of money off of these videos, part of which we used recently to pay for breast implants for me. My ex-boyfriend filmed 2 separate videos while I was sleeping where he filmed himself masturbating and then ejaculating on my breasts. I never specifically consented to these videos, but I knew about them after they were made. He made comments on the videos admitting I was asleep when he filmed them. We split the money we made from these videos 60/40, he did some additional work posting, editing, uploading and distributing the videos, so he made the 60%.Since then we have broken up. He still controls the accounts related to these videos and while he continues to pay me the 40% we originally agreed to, I have requested that he take these videos down. He does have various agreements and business paperwork we signed in the beginning that he claims lay out that I was paid as a "performer" and he retains rights to the works.Question:Since two of these videos were filmed without my consent, can I report him to the police for sexual assault? Is there any possibility this could lead to legal problems for myself? Is there any way to make him take the videos down? What else should I be doing? The two videos were filmed within the last 6 months if it matters. Texas is the state.Edit: To clarify he admitted to filming the videos while I was asleep.Edit 2: Ex did all of this with an LLC he made for running this like a business
It's horrible to say this, but seeing everyone so outraged over the Brock rape story every time I open facebook really hurts.God, I don't usually think about it all at once, it hurts so much.An ex-stepfather who is a wealthy doctor, raped me from age 5 to 10. He is so wealthy, he was able to get a colleague of his to assess the 'damages' done to my body. He got 18 months in prison, though I was told he got out with good behavior. I recently came across an article about how many luxury hotels and castles he runs now. I think my mother was given money, I think she might have known the whole time. She kicked me out at 15 for drawing depressing pictures. A guy at work raped me and then I started dating him.After that my father molested me for a year, the last time in my sleep. I ran states away, was homeless and tried to kill myself. I told my family, mostly to protect the other girls and literally nobody cares. I even pretend not to care now, to make it easier for everyone. We make small talk on facebook. People like it. Even though they know.I ran away again, to literally the opposite side of the globe. I married an abusive guy. Now divorced, I am stranded in america with no money. I hyperventilate every time I think of my little brothers, it's been 6 years, I love them so much and I feel like I'll never get to see them again.What hurts so much is the stigma I face. I don't understand why. People are so outraged over this one trending story, and I let a little allusion to my own possible history to a facebook friend and it was the same uncomfortable radio silence my family gave me. Why do other people seem to get justice, some people get fucking castles, and I get c-ptsd and no family for so many years? I've always just accepted that everything is chaos but seeing this one facebook story, have people be so outraged about it and nobody who knows me ever giving me a scrap of the same, it just hurts.thanks for reading. knowing even one person might empathize is a comfort.
Hi I usually never write things like this... but this has become big issue.When I was 18 i was raped. I have met this guy on an online app and everything seemed great. I was going thru a rough time at the moment with depression and I just need some sort of companionship and friend. He would invite me for dinner or maybe movies or something along those lines.I got comfortable and felt like he would never do no harm to me or anything like that.So he invited me over to his place to watch a movie which I didn't think anything of.So he picked me up as usual and took me over to his place When I got to his place it was empty and we went straight upstairs to his room and he told me that his roommates were out.He locked the door...which I thought was strange but like I said I didn't think much of it.He offer me some alcohol and I kindly denied it and told him I wanted water... that was my mistake. He went downstairs and grabbed me some water.So I drank the water and was on his bed relaxed and he started getting really touchy and I told him "no , I just wanted to watch the movie." He kept being really persistent and telling me things to allow him to touch me. While he was persuading me .. I started to feel weak. And eventually I felt numb He raped.Then he raped me againand I went to another world.. it's like God was talking to me and "distracting me" from reality.I came back to reality..Then went to my dream world.Once you finished ... I was terrified and didn't move.I stayed awake the remainder of the time while he dozed in and out of sleep I was terrified. I prayed and prayed and prayed....The next morning he told me he had work and dropped me off..I was silent.When I was in the shower I broke down.and I couldn't accept the fact that I was rapedI called my parents and they were devastated but grateful that I was wasn't hurt physicallyBut I was gravely hurt emotionallyThat's when i found out how our fucking system is so corruptWhen I got to the precint... I told them I wanted to talk told someone about something personal They told me I could say it right there in front of ppl???I was hurt as it is .. and I felt ashamed and I wanted to speak privately.The officer said in a very annoyed voice well the detective is busyI waited 2 long days just so the detective can ask me ..What I was wearing?Why I was there?I felt distraught and emotionally drained.A.couple of days later she tells me that she called and left a message.A message? That's it?Weeks later she calls me to come to her office.She tells me there's nothing they could do.. to just drop the case.I was young and Naive.. and just to not think.about things I signed the agreement to drop the case.What I'm trying to get across here is that a man violated me and penetrated me when I said NO.He had no consequences whatsoever The system is not helping and making us feel like we're a fault when we're not.Boys will be boys is not at justification it's an excuse.I've been hurt emotionally and in countless of therapy sessions and treatment centersThe Stanford case made me realize that I am not a victim but rather a survivor.I am here with all of the survivors and I even though I know that my rapist is out there makes me cringe but I can only hope for the best.I just pray I'm his first and only victim.-M
It was 2013 and I was living in a shit city homeless. I was couch surfing when I met him offline. We had many mutual friends and hung out a couple of times beforehand. At one point he offered me to stay with him. Feeling desperate for a solid place to sleep with the winter months approaching, I accepted. Although arrogant and narrow minded, I was very grateful to him for letting me stay with him rent free. He let me sleep on his bed while I went to the spareroom that was his sisters for whenever she would visit him. At one point, he had made a disgusting comment regarding a photo I had taken for Facebook. Shrugging it off, I let it go. Then came the "if you want to use my computer/Internet you have to send me naked photos of yourself" remarks. One night, I remember waking up to him. My memory is foggy as to what happened but his hand was on my lower stomach with me on my back. Not usually sleeping on my back, I rolled onto my normal position which is my stomach and fell back asleep. That's all I remember. It was by that point that I was seeing someone, and told him about what was going on. Boyfriend at the time allowed me to move in with him and continue my job search. While packing my stuff ready to go, he begged me to stay saying that I didn't have to go. I'm just coming to terms with what potentially could have happened but I still have doubts as to what went on that night. Contact has long since been cut off with this person. It should be noted, there weren't just bad times. He would sometimes play guitar for me when I asked or go on night walks with me. It should be noted that we were strictly platonic. There was one point where I assumed he liked me, but told him bluntly that I wasn't interested. He also had another girl on the side during this time who would send him naked photos and videos of her masturbating with whatever he asked for. He carelessly flaunted these videos and photos like they were nothing, I'm assuming without her knowledge saying how it was cool how she "would show him all the bras she had" "fuck herself with her favorite perfume bottle."
It was almost three years ago now, when I was 19. I'd been broken up with my long-time boyfriend for about a month at the time, and had been coming to this friend for casual sex. Then eventually, my boyfriend and I decided to get back together. I told the friend what was happening, and still offered to hang out with him in a platonic context, because I didn't want to be too heartless about it (har dee har, right?)That day I went over, and I remember we watched a few episodes of Bob's Burgers. Then after we decided to stop, I was drawing, and he started reading a book. I thought everything was fine, until I noticed he seemed kind of broody. He's a quiet person anyway, so this wasn't wholly unusual, but nonetheless I asked him what was wrong. He answered with something like:"Well if we're not going to do anything, there's not much point."Me being the damned fool I was, I actually felt bad, and went to sit on the bed with him. I intended only to sit or lie next to him, to be a little more sociable, and I repeatedly told him I was no longer single. He acted like he got it. At this point, there are a few minutes I'm not completely able to remember. But one way or another, he was on top of me with his dick out, pinning me down by my wrists. I was so shocked and terrified, I literally wasn't able to make a sound. I remember silently weeping, refusing to look him in the eye because I was so scared, as he just knelt there glaring at me. My panties might have been ripped off, they might not.He was angry, frustrated with me. After what felt like a few hour-long minutes, he climbed off me and turned away. I was finally able to cry properly, but I still stifled my whimpering. I asked what the hell was wrong with him, and he came back with:"You always cry."I was fucking livid at that, but I couldn't make a retort. Several more minutes went by until I could squeak out that he had just nearly raped me, and I had a fucking right to cry, and he didn't like that.I only recall brief flashes from that point onward. On my front, pressed into the mattress. Him inside me. Me screaming, and realising in dismay that his roommates weren't home.The silence afterward. Packing up my things when my dad texted me that he was there. Not saying a word for the rest of the evening. Pretending I was fine. Laughing it off when I told a select two friends. Acting like it wasn't that bad, that I would be ok, that no one needed to worry about me.It took me over a year to even start hinting at what had happened to my family. The funny thing is, the more I started talking about it, the less alright I became. I can't go through the neighbourhood where he lives on foot anymore. I hate taking the only bus from my house, because it goes right by his place. I feel imaginary bristles rise on the back of my neck every time a strange man so much as glances at me in the street. I can't bring myself to have sex with my boyfriend, unless I'm thoroughly drunk and in just the right frame of mind. I'm not sure if I enjoy it. I want him to, though.Everyone else comes first. I need them to think it doesn't affect me, that I never cry about it anymore, that I still have one teeny tiny ounce of love for myself. That the one time since the rape that I did see him, I didn't freeze up and nearly have a panic attack on the bus. I need them to think I'm this strong, indestructible young woman who isn't broken inside.Please, I need your help. This has destroyed me. I am in counselling, and everyone around me is very supportive, but I feel like I can never heal. I can't deal with this hanging over me for the rest of my life.
I've been where you are and I can relate to what you're feeling. It's so worth it to keep fighting and you are never alone from this day forward. Anyone struggling can always inbox me, I'm here as well as so many others. Now I want to stress how important it can be for you to get  STD tested, whether you report or not (I didn't and I will never pass judgment on your choices), you deserve any peace of mind you can get. Since my incident(sorry still have trouble saying it) I've been getting tested every 6 months regardless of my sexual activity.  I hope for nothing short of the absolute best for all my brothers and sisters out there. Love you all!
Today is a difficult news day so I am feeling reflective.I thought about writing something a year on but dates don’t really resonate with me in that way. Apart from the fact that I look back on the last year of my life being the best yet, and the worst in some ways but I definitely get more good feels! It’s been about a year and a month, still can’t write the R word when talking about myself.I still cry after sex sometimes. Sometimes it will be every time and sometimes it will be hardly ever. Things can still trigger me but not to the extent I am afraid of everyone anymore, I hope that is the case from now on. My tolerance for even minor consent violations has dropped to zero. It astounds me how many bad first dates I have had, (or partners) that have made these mistakes. By bad I mean, one guy grabbed my throat on a first date. One partner thrusted himself against me because he still wanted sex, instead of looking after me when I was foetal and crying from being triggered. Whether you know someone and trust them is irrelevant. My world view has been shattered somewhat from situations like these, but equally built up by a few very special people who have been patient and supportive with me. I still get nightmares from time to time, only recently I woke myself up screaming in my sleep. My ups and downs have levelled off over time but sometimes I still cancel plans in favour of self-care and I still go through phases where I don’t like public transport, but that’s more to do with not wanting to end up being stranded.  I won’t always explain why I cancel or I lie because I wonder whether people think I should have gotten over it by now, or recovered, or forgotten. Also, I don’t want to explain most of the time.I haven’t forgotten. I wish I could. I’d live with these PTSD symptoms for the rest of my life if I could forget about it completely. These things are manageable and have just become part of me although I hate to admit it. I just want to be me, the me I was before this happened. But the me before might have forgiven a bad first date or carried on seeing a partner who didn’t know how to put someone else’s needs before his own. I am happy, even with these things going on, I am happy. I am not the me I was before, but I am just as happy as before and its taken a year to get back to that.This year I need to forgive myself more when I cry or when I can’t go out. I need to not get so angry with myself when PTSD effects me.Sorry this is mostly ramblings, but after reading the news after the last few days something just wanted to be said.
Okay, here goes.  Back in college, I was in a relationship with a chick who eventually ended up turning out to be pretty emotionally abusive, in addition to cheating on me with her best friend. Anyway, I'm in a happy healthy relationship now, but I'm still a bit of a mess and I'm in therapy.  I say all that to say this; I was talking to my girlfriend on a road trip, and we somehow got on the subject of losing our virginity.  I told her about how I'd lost it with my abusive ex.  Essentially, it was early in our relationship (like a week in, maybe a little less)  and I'd fallen asleep in her bed.  We'd fooled around a little but nothing really happened.   Next thing I knew, I sort of came to and we were in the act, so I just kinda went along with it, figuring I'd initiated or something while sleeping.  My current partner had a strange look on her face while I was telling her that, and after a pause she said that it sounded like my ex had been messing with me in my sleep and I just happened to wake up, not like a normal sexual encounter.  It'd never really occurred to me before that it was unusual, but in retrospect that sort of thing happened pretty often, and she's the only relationship I've had where that has happened at all.  I'm hesitant to use the r word, and I haven't really talked to anyone about it since our discussion, but it's really been weighing on me.  I'm going to bring it up next time I see my therapist, but I really needed to get this off my chest sooner rather than later.  Sorry for the word salad post, It's just been bothering me and I didn't know where else to go.  I've had some folks tell me I'm making a mountain out of a molehill, but I'm at a bit of a loss.  I don't know.  I'm really confused.
So long time reddit user, but I've created a throwaway for this post (for obvious reasons). I am a 27 year old female. I've been reading this sub for a while, but I'm finally getting up the courage to try to talk about what happened to me and try to make sense of it. I'm sorry this is likely to be a long post. I'm going to change all names in this storyWhen I was about 15 I met someone online I'll call Dan and his wife Sally. I met them on a support forum I was very involved in. I still have a lot of those friends now 12 years later.After being friends with this couple for like 8 years, back in 2010 I went and lived with them for a summer (out of state. think cross country). It was one of the best most supportive summers of my life. About a year later, I decided to transfer colleges, and I ended up at a college about an hour from Dan and Sally (I didn't plan it for that reason, but I was thrilled about the idea of being closer. It was like and added bonus). The summer right before my transfer to my new university they got divorced. It was pretty devastating, because my parents had just split, and now it was like my second family was spiting, Once I moved schools, I still spent a lot of time Dan (and some with Sally, just not as much). I know this wasn't the best of ideas, but I was really, really sick with my eating disorder at the time. So sick it eventually forced me to leave school before the school year was over. My brain probably wasn't functioning well. At first hanging out with Dan was fine, he was just a trusted friend. But here's where it's messy, after a few months of being there, he would get me drunk, and pressure me into sex. I never really said no, but I was probably too drunk to say yes.Actually, the first few times anything happened, it would be like he was rubbing my shoulders because I was super stressed out over school, and then suddenly his hands would be under my shirt. And so I'd push them away and tell him that wasn't ok... and then he'd apologize and do it again. and again. and again. Until it was easier to stop fighting and go along with whatever.One morning, I woke up to him touching me... under my clothes, without my consent. I was too scared to do anything, so I just pretended to stay asleep, and tried not to move. After that he would be like "it was ok before" when I'd push him away or ask to stop. Eventually I just went along with it.From there, things escalated. Every time I was over, He'd push things a little further. I'll never forget my words right before losing my virginity... we were in bed and he said something like "but you probably don't want to do that" and I said "I don't really know that I want to. I'm scared" and he said "oh hell" and then proceeded to sex.What make it confusing is I think some of the things were consensual, at least I assume they were. But again, I was drunk every time.I'll stop here and say that looking back, YES, i KNOW it was stupid to keep going back to his place. I know. However, it's important to note that I was really, really sick in my eating disorder. I wasn't eating hardly anything (think less than 400 cals a day) and then exercising for excessive amounts of time... and taking diet pills. My brain was very malnourished, and probably wasn't functioning well. I made choices then that I would never make now when I'm healthy. Dan was also one of the only friends I had in the area. I had trouble making friends at school, and I was terrified that if I stopped going to Dan's place (or letting him fuck me), I'd be totally alone.When I left school and went directly to residential treatment, no one would believe me Dan was just my supportive friend. No one. And I denied it to everyone. I mean, the way I see it, I made some really bad choices. I don't feel totally innocent in it all.When I got home, he for a long time would text me really inappropriate things. The kind of texts you would not want your parents to read. I asked him to stop. He didn't. He'd just argue with me that I was ok with it all when I was in at school, so what changed. I told him I was uncomfortable, and one of the most upsetting moments was he would tell me to just "do it afraid", yeah the phrase my team taught me about overcoming eating disorder fears. so I withdrew I stopped responding to his texts if they were in any way suggestive. I tried to bring the friendship back to what it was. Because he was a big support to me for a long time. Like 10 years. and I miss that. But he'd find a way to bring like every fucking conversation around to sexting. Have a bad day? "I want to spoil you by doing [insert sex act]". So I just stopped responding to his calls and texts mostly. Honestly, I used to get excited to talk to this person. But anymore, his ringtone makes me break out in a cold sweat. But I did finally cut contact about 6 months ago (I still feel like a shitty friend for doing it) it's been a mess. and a lot to carry on my own for 4 years. This is the first time I've talked about it really. None of my IRL friends (some of them mutual friends) know any of this. none. I've defended this person for a long time now. Like I said, I don't feel like I was totally innocent in it. But looking back at some of it? I have to remind myself that if a friend came to me with the same details of consider it assault at the very least.Also, even changing names, it's terrifying to post this. :/TL;DR: I got into a shitty friendship with a guy, and I'm questioning if i'm overreacting or if some of what happened was actually assault.
This happened a while ago and I'm still trying to wrap my head around it. I'm wondering if it technically counts as rape. I don't know if having that label will help or make it worse, but... This is going to be long. A few months ago my (then) boyfriend of two years and I went to a pool hall together. I hinted early on that I was interested in sex and then spent the next several hours playing pool and drinking beer with him. We went home around closing time and I was still joking about sexy times, but as we got home, I felt less and less inclined to do it as I was getting tired. He definitely wasn't tired, because he worked nights and only had had a few drinks so that he could still drive. I told my boyfriend I wanted to shower because I smelled like smoke and beer from the bar and he said he wanted to join for the same reason and got the shower started up. I didn't think much of it because we showered together without having sex quite frequently. I came into the bathroom and started getting undressed and before I had my underwear and shirt off he started pushing me toward the shower. I distinctly remember saying, "No. Wait." I think I said it a few times. But he kept kissing me and pushing into me until I was in the shower, still in half of my clothes. I remember struggling a little and trying to find the words to ask him to stop. Perhaps because we've had rough sex before he didn't think much of it? Eventually he took my underwear off and started to have sex with me. I think that's when I gave in. If I stop fighting does it mean I'm okay with it? I was crying a little though I'm not sure why. I don't know if I wanted it. I don't think he noticed the silent crying because of the water. I just know I hated the whole experience.The next morning I didn't know how to feel. I lied my ass off and said I enjoyed it. I wasn't sure that I hadn't. I didn't think I had, though. I know it wasn't because I regretted it, because we had had sex a hundred times before, including shower sex, and this time was hardly any different. He's also not the kind of guy that could rape a girl. I pushed it to the back of my mind and tried to move on. I've since broken up with him for unrelated reasons and it is still nagging at me. Maybe you all can help? He wasn't trying to rape me. But I didn't want it. What is it then? They say rape is about power. This, I think, was just about sex. Am I just a tease and it's my fault? Did I not fight back hard enough? Am I overthinking this?One thing to add to this: I started dating another guy. Again I got drunk, came home with him, and had sex with him. This I 100% wanted and told him again and again that I did. I was wearing a dress so most of my clothing was still on when we did it. Then I froze up and asked him to stop and started crying. He did stop and we tried to figure out what went wrong. The only thing I can think of is it was similar to this situation. I think I even flashed back to it at one point: drunk and mostly clothed. Thanks, everybody. 
I'm the only child of a single mom, my dad was never in my life and it's only been us two for as long as I can remember. Our relationship's been fine, not the best but I would say like a typical mom-daughter.Recently I was raped by her boyfriend and my mom walked in on it near the end. Although she's cut ties with him she has ignored me and pretends I don't exist ever since. I don't know why and don't have anyone I can talk to about this.
First of all. I'm 15, he's 25. We're both males, and we still somewhat keep in contact. I've met this person at some sort of a meet up, where other people where around. He was a generally nice guy, very bubbly and outgoing. Seemingly interested into what I talk and ramble about. After this meet up had ended, this person, one other guy, and I, went into the city to browse through some things. We went to one video game store, then pop culture. Then I witnessed someone get hit by a tram. I went to check it out, and started crying. He held me close and comforted me. I thought of it as a friendly gesture, I guess I could say. After all that kinda ended, I went to my train and we both said goodbye. I later on received Facebook messages from him saying "I hope you didn't find it weird", blah blah blah. And I didn't. So I was talking to him a few days later. We were talking about what we were doing and stuff. I wasn't doing anything that day. He was talking this game I'd never heard of before. He explained it a little, but I was still a bit confused. He then said that I'd be welcome to come over and try it out. I accepted to go. I arrived outside his apartment block. I messaged him that I was outside and he came out and got me. We said hi, all that jazz. Put my bag in the living room, while he gave me a bit of a tour of his house. After that tour, he showed me that game he was talking about.Halo kind of feel,  but wasn't exactly. It was on PC, and had to eliminate enemies and such. I then stuffed around with the customisation. He went through it all with what he knew, I tried to understand. After that, he decided enough. He asked if I wanted to watch a movie, play a game, read together or something. I went with the movie. He didn't have a couch or anything, he just had his bed large enough for the both of us. I picked Doctor Who. Then it started. Unexpectedly, he started rubbing his hand against my penis. I did not attempt to resist, so I just went through with it. Me, a horny teen, was about to have sex with someone who's ten years older. And guess what? We did it. Not going into detail, but I'm guessing you might know what could have happened. We both finished accordingly. I had dinner over there, and I went back home happily. It was during the following week I felt regret. I imagined the consequences and whatnot, but I seriously shouldn't have done it. Sorry for the long ass post, but I can't live with this. 
My wife was raped (not sure specifics, cohered or forced into some type of sexual contact for an on-going amount of time at a pretty young age ~10) by her mothers husband at the time. The mother and husband had two kids(now 21 and 22). Tonight was one of the kids' daughter's birthday party and their father was there.To add in some detail, I'm unsure of the specifics of what happened in the past. My wife told her mother (who is a complete basketcase by the way) that it happened multiple times. She told her what happened when she was a kid, a teenager and an adult and even then the mother still doesn't acknowledge anything. The mother always turns a blind eye and says "Oh that never happened, you made it up, you're exaggerating, etc etc". My wife's brothers know nothing of this(as much as I know).As I watched him tonight at the birthday party I had a very difficult time controlling my emotions and I wanted very badly to confront him about it. I'm the least white knighty person there is, but I wanted to fuck this guy up. Watching him enjoying his life, acting happy knowing what he did to a little girl and never getting justice... I wanted to fucking kill him. I still do. To make it even worse he's remarried to a woman that has a daughter that is ~8 or 9 years old.What do I do? My wife doesn't really want it broughten up because she's really close to her brothers and that may, or may not, create a rift between them. And just rehash old shit. I want to bring it up in front of everybody, out this child molesting mother fucker and take his life. Is there a middle ground? One of the sons is getting married in 3 months and I'm not sure I'll be able to control myself if I see that fuck one more time.What do I do? What would you do?
Throwaway for extremely obvious reasons. Grab a beer or coffee or something, this is gonna be wordy. Apologies for potential rudeness that may follow.For some background, I've recently started seeing this girl I'm crazy about, but we really haven't gotten very intimate (it's something I'd like to overcome at some point). As I've gotten to know her, we've discovered that we've both had to deal with unpleasant sexual experiences. Her family members were abusive in a number of ways (it's not my place to talk about it here). For me, my family has always been safe, it's been the people around me that have been problematic. The biggest thing that's happened was when I passed out drunk at a frat house about a year ago and found myself with a big, fat man sticking his fingers in my ass. I'm not proud of what I did, but I became angrier and more frightened than I ever had been in my life and just started fighting back. He didn't expect me to wake up, and I just kept hitting him over and over again. By the time I was done, his face was a mess and his genitals were bruised from my abuse. I didn't feel bad for him, but I was (understandably) horrified by the whole experience. I didn't even know I was capable of that kind of violence. I ran, and so far it hasn't come back to haunt me.The fucked up part is how that changed me. I started taking martial arts more seriously. When I sparred, I was much more aggressive. I liked fighting a lot more than I had before, and would do so much more than I should have. I began to watch porn that was, well, "rougher" and certainly had BDSM undertones at the very least. Somehow, I had become sadistic in a way that both scared me and screamed irony at me. To this day, there is a part of me that shouts that I am sick for even liking those kinds of things after what happened to me. However, I've never desired to just hurt others, I'm totally in control of myself. It took me a long time to realize that I could just keep it to sparring and sex while even having fun with such things.Back to the present day, I spar with my SO (who also does martial arts) frequently. We're both becoming very aware of each other's bodies, and I feel that intimacy is going to come soon. I'm terrified of it because I know her past. With previous partners, it hasn't been a problem. In fact, it's usually been quite fun on both ends when we explore my fetish (that's feels weird to type). With her, I am scared that if I "assert dominance" or something, she'll freak out and I'll scar her.So, I come to you, reddit, asking for help. I don't know how to approach this, or even bring up a discussion with her about it.TL;DR: My SO and I are both survivors of sexual abuse and I have sexual interests that might scare her. I am terrified of harming her. Also, read the damn post, I said as much as I could forcibly make myself type.
This all happened over the course of a few years, the most recent incident taking place January 2014. This will be a long post. While we were dating, we would cuddle on his bed a lot and nap together. Many times he would put his hand down my pants while I pretended to be asleep and hoped he'd stop. When we tried anal for the first time I asked quietly for him to stop twice. He said "it's in" and I gave up. When he was done I told him what I had said. He claimed he didn't hear me and that he felt "like a monster." I comforted him and tried to make him feel better. We eventually broke up and about a 1 1/2 years later hung out together. We drank and I agreed to sleep over. I did not agree to sex. I took my sleeping pill, still drunk, and tried to sleep. He started pulling me up and asked me to cuddle him. I obliged, still fucked up. I don't really remember what happened next, but we ended up having sex. I don't think I would have done any of that had I been sober/not medicated with my sleep pill. I keep going over and over these things in my head. I feel like I'm overreacting when I think of myself as a victim. I just need some peace of mind. Did he actually do anything wrong? Am I right to think I was raped? Or were we both just irresponsible? I'm not seeing a therapist anymore. I just need to know what's real.
So I'm gay,and because I live in the middle of nowhere, my dating pool is very small so online dating is the only way to go.Recently I started talking to a really wonderful girl, we have a lot in common, she's very sweet and lovely, and I really really like her. I would date her in a heartbeat.She told me today, through the means of text, that she was raped, and she isn't ready to meet or even talk over Skype. I know she is who she says she is, as we've mutual friends on Facebook, and I completely understand that talking over the internet probably feels a lot safer than going out in person. Again, I am 100% fine with this as I think she's pretty awesome and I want to support her and help her feel comfortable. I think I've been doing a good job of not putting my foot in my mouth and fucking up by saying something triggering or stupid because she said that she felt better able to go to sleep after talking to me, that she'd been cheered up a bit. Not only that, but she's seriously seriously brave in that she has reported it to the police and is in the process of dealing with all that bullshit. I just want to know how best to talk to her about it if she brings it up again. Mostly I just listened because she's suffering from ptsd and I myself have bipolar disorder so I *kind of* know what it's like to live with something every day, to be anxious and have panic attacks. But I've never gone through anything as traumatic as she has, and I just want to get the perspective of people who actually know what they're talking about.I really like her, I want to be able to say the right thing. 

When I was 16 I started dating a guy and up to that point had never been in a relationship before but after 8 months it all went bad and we broke up so fast foward 3 months and I meet an older guy online, 5 years older to be exact. I had very little experience with guys at this point and had been overweight for a long time but lost the weight so I started getting attention from many guys and loved it but this one in particular was very charming and sweet at first. You see I'd always been the type that was going to save myself for marriage and up until meeting him had never questioned my choice and stood very strong but he weakened me in new ways I had never imagined, he was persistent and kept telling me he was going to be the one to take my virginity but I would always laugh and tell him no well he started sending me videos and pictures of his manhood and I was intrigued so to say but still told him no sex he was still pretty pushy about though about 2 months later we finally met in person and the first time we met he grabbed me and kissed me which shocked me but he was playful and sweet so things went on for a long time and I grew to like him even more.Some many months later he fianlly convinced me that it was a good idea for him to take my virginity so that night came I went to his house scared to death and I can clearly remember the pain and tears streaming down my face but he told me it was all normal so I let it continue and honestly believed him that it was and little did I know his brother and mom were in the house and when he had finished I got my clothes thrown at me and told to leave but will never forget the words spoken to me by his family they said he must've done you good with all that noise we heard comin from there. I have never felt more humiliated or degraded at that point, little did I know it would only get worse. 3 months go by and he starts blackmailing me for sex because of my stupidity I had sent him nude pictures with my face in them and he told me he would put them online and make sure all my family and friends saw them so he had his way with me for months it went on. He would tell me to get over it that I wanted it as much as he did he would grab my stomach and all over telling me how fat I was how no one would want me and how lucky I was to have him. He would call me stupid and tell me get over it that it's no big deal. It happened literally every other day for 6 months I withdrew and became depressed and would scrub myself raw and stopped eating truthfully I wanted to die and fade away.My sister noticed my strange behavior and one day he came to pick me up and my sister looked at me and put herself in front of my eyes and asked me is something wrong do you want to go with him and I told her yeah everything is fine I'll see you later and walked out I felt I didn't have a choice inside I was screaming and begging for help wishing she could see what was inside my mind, she did though because she ran after me and tried to stop me but I went anyway. 1 week later she looked through my phone and saw the texts with threats from him and asked for the truth I broke and told her what had been going on. She told my parents but by the time they found out I was already 18 and they couldn't do anything because I was still too afraid of him and retaliation. It's been 7 years and I am still messed up in many ways from it. He controlled so much of my life for too long and I refuse to let it take any more of my life. I am stronger than that coward I am more than my body. I am strong because I survived and will continue to live
Long story. I'm a 26 year old male. I've been in a healthy relationship for 7 years. About 4 years ago I met Sally (not real name). We hit it off almost immediately. I really liked her a lot and had a bit of a crush on her but I didn't want to cheat on my gf [I found out much later that my GF had cheated on me with Sally's BF but that's another story].One night Sally and I went out for drinks. We were flirting all night long and I had way to much to drink. I started vomiting at the bar we were at. I had to be carried around by Sally and other friends. I stumbled back to Sally's house with her and offered to get a cab back to my place but said I was being silly and that I should just crash with her.She took me into her bedroom and I kinda just fell over onto the bed. She told me to take my pants off but I was still so out of it that I couldn't (you know how it is when your really drunk and you fall into your bed with your clothes on) so she did it for me.I don't really remember everything that happened after. I know we started off by just cuddling which turned into grinding against each other. I was into it for a bit but really didn't want it to go to far because I didn't want to cheat on my GF. [back then I saw myself as the kind of person who keeps his promises and so the idea of having an full blown affair was anathema to me - although My GF and I were starting to experiment with being open about stuff. Sally and I had made out at parties before with my GF's blessing so I figured I could do some stuff with her but I didn't want to go to far. These days I don't have any moral prohibitions against infidelity]I remember thinking that i should stop this, I remember trying to think of ways to make it stop. I remember thinking that I should just try and think of something else - in my head I tried to imagine being elsewhere and doing other things.I know that if I asked her to stop she probably would have. But simply asking never really occurred to me. When she climbed on-top of me and started grinding against my leg I figured that she wasn't going to stop until she came so I took her hand and put it down into her panties and inside of her to help her masturbate until she came.As I walked home the next morning I asked myself if I had the capacity to consent. I never answered that question for myself. Sally was a huge feminist and had gotten me into feminism. She was a advocate against sexual violence and was a rape victim herself. I trusted he judgement implicitly and figured that she must have known that I had capacity to consent otherwise she wouldn't have done it.I got home and immediately told my GF what had happened (I didn't tell her about how drunk I was, just what I did). She wasn't annoyed at me and told me that she figured something like this might happen and she was okay with it.Years later I saw Sally abusing her GF, then I realized that Sally was being abusive to me. When Sally became violent to me I ended the friendship. Since then every time I here about her she's done something else to make me loose respect for her (she has done some truly nasty things: once she pretended to me that she was dying just to fuck with my head and attempt to seduce my GF who was just made really uncomfortable by her drunken advances)I don't know when it happened but at some point a few months ago it kinda hit me that maybe I didn't have capacity to consent that night all those years ago! Maybe she took advantage of me!I want to know;Did I have capacity to consent?If not, was this rape or sexual assault?Was I to blame for this - was I partially culpable?Am I being utterly ridiculous and is me even asking this question an insult to 'real' rape victims (one of my friends said that me accusing her of being domestically violent was an insult to 'real victims' of domestic violence)- Does gender or politics matter at all here? I'm a man and she's a woman. Also she is a pretty hardcore feminist (doing MA in Gender Studies). Does this impact on how I should see this?
It was my birthday weekend and my pre-planned “yes night” with my best friend. I flew into town on a Friday night and a group of us met at a bar when I got there. We drank all night and because of the “yes night” policy I had to do what was suggested. I did coke that night and it shames me now. I hate that it was involved with this story. I haven't touched that stuff since my 20's and always have something bad happen when I did. We all stayed up until 5:30 that next morning and I went to bed alone.It’s been almost two weeks since that morning that I woke up to you already being inside of me; you didn’t let the bloody tampon discourage you as you pulled it out and tossed it onto the floor. It was not how I wanted it or ever would. I thought of how I had wanted to, maybe before it hurt deep inside of me- my heart broke with every thrust of your pelvis that tore at me. You didn’t notice me whimpering stop or see the tears in my eyes or me pulling away and wiggle away from you. That only encouraged you; you just saw what you wanted and you took it regardless of the effect. It was not how I wanted it. Maybe I deserved it that way or invited you in somehow to destroy the sanctity of my sanity. Maybe if I had rejected you that first kiss two months ago when I first met you and you violated my boundaries but gave it a chance anyway. Maybe if my best friend had been more aware and honest with me about who I was flirting with. Maybe if I had known there was a lock on the bedroom door. I didn’t find that out until eight a.m. when you finally let me up to go to the bathroom. The door was locked. When did you come in and why did you lock the door? I went to bed alone because I was too drunk on Jamieson’s and too wasted from the small amount of cocaine that I did for the first time in 20 years. I didn’t want it like that if it were going to happen. I wanted to be awake, aware and completely sure that it was what I wanted but you took that from me. I thought of these things while I sat frozen on the toilet knowing that I would have to go back to that room and you were waiting for me. There was no one to run to there; everyone was passed out and dead to the world. Even if I did say something I would be dismissed and I knew it; we had been flirting all night. We had been crushing on each other for weeks. I couldn't wrap my brain around what was happening. So I went back in (I still wonder why) and you grabbed me not saying a word. Another hour went by and you still couldn’t finish; again too fucked up to see my tears and the pillow you put over my head muffled my cries. You said you couldn’t breathe and your chest hurt just as I had been wishing you to have a heart attack. You rolled off me and passed out for the next eight hours; no one could wake you. I left for the entire day trying to avoid seeing you and trying to process what it was exactly that happened. I drank copious amounts of bourbon, took too many valium and smoked too much pot to try and erase that morning from my head. I never saw you again the entire time I was there even though I tried. I wanted to confront you. I wanted to ask you questions. Instead I was trapped sleeping in a room that smelled of you and what you did. So, what did you do? What would you call it? I walked the beach for hours alone trying to understand why it had turned so ugly. Why had the Universe let me down so heavily. I spent my birthday fighting with my best friend who couldn't understand why I was so upset. It took me two days to finally tell my boyfriend. I had to explain why we couldn't have sex.It's been two weeks almost and I’m out $400 in doctor bills because you didn’t use a condom when you decided to fuck me in my sleep. I can’t have sex with my own partner and I won’t even go into how this has affected him… And I can’t even look my son in the eye. I wake from the same nightmare every morning and I assume it’s the same time that I woke that Saturday; I’ll be anywhere in my dream and you appear and attack me just before I wake up. I can’t eat, I can’t laugh and I can’t create. I’m still numb and yet there is an anger welling up within me. So, if it was just sex, why am I feeling like this now? Two weeks and thousands of miles away from you. Why does it still hurt physically? What did you do to me? And the worst is knowing who and what you are now. Who you are tied to and what you have done to me and others. Know this, what you did to me will come back to you one hundred fold. May you never find peace in this world for as long as you are in it. I hope your past catches up to you and I hope that it’s not the cops who find you first. I hope you suffer. I hope this post was okay but I just needed to get it out. Thank you. I'm in therapy and trying to come to terms with what has happened to me.
I need a safe place to write. I do apologize that it is long. So far, writing has been the only form of release for me, so I hope people respond with positive and supportive comments, not only for me, but also for those who are reading and may be going through a similar situation. Thank you. ~When we were lying together in bed with your arms around me, you pretended everything was ok, but you were lying to me. I wanted to regain the trust that you stole from me. But I had no idea how to do it. I thought to myself, maybe if I hangout with him more often it would make me feel better. I could see for myself that he is truly different from that night. -When it Happened- You may not recall that night, but I do. Prior to coming over, I remember going out to downtown with some friends. The place we went to was packed with people from other colleges. My friends and I were having a good time dancing, until guys from another school started to talk to us. As the night progressed, my friends wanted to take some of those guys back to their place. I didn’t have a good feeling about those guys. I remember one of those guys aggressively grabbed my arm and asked me what I was doing later. I was offended by the way he grabbed me. I was shocked. I yanked my arm away from him and lied to him that I have a boyfriend; a line I only use when I feel threatened. However, he had the audacity to grab me again, to step in front of me, and say, "I didn't ask you that". I was pissed. I wanted to get away. I wanted to hang out with you because you were my friend and I trusted you. Once I got my friends safely home. I came over. I know we were both drunk, but I felt safe with you.  We were pretty much making out as soon as I walked through your door. And then I blacked out. I woke on my stomach on your bed with my pants off. I don't remember taking them off, but I probably did. You were lying on top of me, trying your best to put yourself in me. I lied there for a little not having the ability to ask you to stop or move my body. When I regained a little consciousness, I asked if we could just talk first or sleep for a little bit. But you ignored me and kept trying to put yourself in me. And then I asked again. You were frustrated. You asked me why did I bother coming over if I just wanted to talk or sleep. I felt hurt by your words. I guess I blacked out again because moments later I woke on my back against your pillows. You were facing me from across the bed. I felt guilty for coming over and not having sex with you; so I gave you the okay.  You grabbed the condom and immediately you were in me. After a couple minutes, I started to feel pain. I asked you to pull out. You didn't respond. I told you that it hurts and you need to pull out. No response. I told you I couldn’t do this, it hurts and you need to pull out. No response. I tried pushing you off a bit. But you pressed down and I felt you thrust harder. My body was hurting even more. I pleaded, you need to pull out, I can't do this, and you need to stop. You finally gave me some sort of response. You told me words that still haunt me. You said to me, "you can scream, you can scratch and you can bite, but you're going to have to let me finish". My mind froze for a bit. I attempted to push you off again. I tried to scratch you, but you kept pushing me down and thrusting harder. I gave up I couldn’t win this fight. -Shock and Denial- I was so ashamed of myself the next day. I immediately told a couple of my friends, looking for reassurance. They asked me if I wanted to press charges and I said no. I didn't want it to be real. I know I texted you and told you if we still wanted to hook up in the future we needed to respect each other. And you said ok. But I didn't feel ok. I felt violated and scared, and didn't want to tell you. But after I got a UTI and yeast infection from you, I knew I had to. I was terrified because for some odd reason I didn't want to put that burden on you. After I told you, you freaked out and I felt guilty. In my head I kept making excuses for you, telling myself that it was an accident. Silly excuses like that. I didn’t want to associate that kind of behavior with you. Afterwards, I know I became paranoid of your whereabouts and thinking to myself "why isn't he texting me?” but that was AFTER it happened. I never reacted like that before our infamous night. I acted like that because I was scared. I wanted stability. I wanted control of situations. And the more I felt distance from you, the more I yearned for you. You were scared, but I felt myself losing my sanity and it scared the shit out of me. It was a stupid thought process on my part, but that night, which you may never understand, terrified me. After we talked, I'm not sure if we temporarily ended things are not, but while MY vagina was in recovery because of YOUR actions, you decided to try to sleep with another girl behind my back. For two weeks, it was difficult for me to sit or stand in a comfortable position without being in some kind of pain. My vagina was destroyed, I was forced to wear a pad because my vagina was so torn that it would bleed through out the day. I was humiliated.  -Anger- I guess you thought I gave you consent as soon as I walked through your door that night. Consent does not work like that. When someone says words and phrases equivalent to “no”, you listen. If someone is showing signs of distress, you better f-ing stop. The aftermath of dealing with this situation was complete hell for me. You once told me you cared about my well being, but let’s stop with the lies. If you cared about my well-being, you would have treated me with dignity and the respect that I deserved. You would have not been a coward and you would have apologized for your actions. Instead, you told me that we are not friends and you were only ever using me for sex. -Depression- We talked, we yelled and we cursed at each other. Your form of closure of this situation was to delete me from your life and it will all go away. You ignored me at parties. You ignored me in public. However, my way of dealing with this was to bring you closer and asked you to work with me. I felt myself losing self-confidence and control of my life. I began to cut myself again and contemplating the idea of suicide. You made me seem like I was crazy. Like I was overreacting. I lost my job and was forced to change my major because of you.  I didn’t sleep well. I couldn’t sleep. I cried every night. I repeated myself through out some days "you will not break me". I was terrified of running into on campus because whenever I was around you I felt nauseous and I would start shaking. -Testing- I was thinking about pressing charges. My one friend, who has been the most supportive, encouraged me to go through with it. My other friend talked me out of it. Cause she knows that it's not going to be an easy process for me and I may not get the outcome I deserve. It’s really your word, against mine, since there’s no more “proof”. -Acceptance- I'm not asking for an apology, but I'm letting you know how you have affected me. You have not shown me any kind of sympathy or forgiveness. You should be ashamed of yourself.  Whereas, I should have not been ashamed of MYSELF and those who are in a similar situation should NEVER feel ashamed. People will tell you it’s not your fault, but you may not believe them. It’s ok to feel hurt afterwards. -Recently- I have definitely learned A LOT about myself. I underestimated how emotionally strong I am. Even though I don’t feel it sometimes, I just know that I will NEVER let anyone disrespect my body and mind again. Writing this out has been the best form of therapy for me. However, I am exhausted just trying to remember everything and express my feelings. It is difficult to forgive not only you, but myself as well. If we do see each other on campus next semester, I just want to put this in the past and never revisit it. I hope that you have learned something about yourself after this experience because I certainly have.
This happened when I was around 8 or around there. Me, my uncle's(around my age except for one), and my sister would play hide and seek in my grandmas garage whenever they had a party. Whenever we played hide and seek, we would choose a partner. My older uncle who was in his mid to late teens wanted me to be his partner. So we would all hide in the dark and he would always choose a specific spot which was kind of in a corner. The first time he touched me, he put his hand down my pants and started touching me there. I didn't like it and I didn't know what was going on. I'm a quiet kid so I didn't say anything. Later on, the whole thing would repeat. Where we would play hide and seek in the dark in the garage. I told my sister once that I didn't want to be his partner and that I wanted to be my sisters partner, but she just shrugged it off. He would always pick that specific spot in the corner and would always touch me. I can't remember if I told my mom about it. I have a vivid image of me telling her and her not taking me seriously but idk if it actually happened. He only touched me a few times maybe three or four times and he hasn't touched me since. But as I got older, I think he could tell that I was getting creeped out by him because of what he did to me. I'm 15 rn. And whenever we go to family parties and we see each other, he says "Hi, Linda." to me in a creepy way. Me and my sister both say that he's creepy(she doesn't know what he did to me). My mom said that he's kind of weird too. I don't think my mom knows about it too. The only person I told about what he did is my close friend.There's going to be a birthday party for my baby sister this month and I don't want to see him again. Seeing his face or hearing his name reminds me of what happened. I want to tell my older sister but I'm too scared of what she's gonna say. I don't want to tell anyone too because it might cause his family to hate my family an then everyone will know that I was molested by my creepy uncle. But I want to tell my family too because I don't want the same thing happening to my baby sister. What should I do?
I hate being a victim in shit. I hate people feeling sorry for me. I hate that I was too much of an idiot to stop a skinny 20 year old from taking my virginity without my permission. I hate that I was 14 and smart enough that I should have at least asked him to use a condom even if I didn't want to have sex. I was a kid sitting in my mom's bathroom carefully studying the lines on a pregnancy test to make sure it was negative. I remember how it felt like the comb pricks of a cat's tongue inside me while he said "you just need to get this over with."I hate that this hasn't gone away. I'm 29. Started dating a man who cares really deeply for me and doesn't get angry when I stop responding and go kind of limp when we have sex. I told him he could fuck someone else who doesn't have baggage like this and he said no. I actually love him and I don't understand why this still takes over my life. I have to see the man who did this at the store and see him smirk. I see him as a person I may know on facebook. Sometimes I really wish he'd just killed me instead. When does this become a non-issue in your life? What am I doing wrong?
This is going to be really long, I'm sorry. I need some persepective on it and I don't know where to get it.About two years ago, in my final year of college, I ended up with a very close group of friends, three guys (Chris, Jonah, and Thomas) and three girls (Felicity, Violet, and myself). We bonded really closely--we all had issues with mental health to some extent (I'm a diagnosed but high-functioning paranoid schizophrenic); among all of us there was depression, anxiety, OCD, disordered eating, etc but we were all high functioning, well-performing students with a lot of shared interests and beliefs. We hung out a lot, had sleepovers, did projects together, etc. Tom in particular seemed to be struggling a lot and often said he trusted me the most so i would often be the one he called when he needed company/someone to talk to. This would often turn in to cuddling which he insisted was platonic. At first this was fine (I was a very cuddly person with all my friends, if the friend was okay with it) but it got a little weird after a while (spooning, stroking my hair, back, etc). I didn't say anything because he was in a bad place and i didn't want to make him worse.During this time, I was once taken to the hospital by Tom because I was having seizures (caused by my medication). This is important later.Near the end of that year, Chris, Jonah, and Tom all admitted to having feelings for me. Very few people had ever expressed interest in me before and it was very overwhelming. Chris kissed me (with my permission) and when Tom found out he got really jealous. He asked me if he could kiss me on the cheek--this was normal, it's a greeting/goodbye I use fairly frequently because of my family. I nodded and leaned towards him; he pushed me back on the bed (we were in his room), pinned me, and began making out with me--tongue in my mouth, biting my lips/neck, etc. When Chris had kissed me the day before it had been my first kiss every, and very gentle, so this was out of the blue. It hurt and I was scared, and I left as quickly as possible, but I didn't say anything because...well I guess I thought he was being passionate and had misconstrued my signal? I know it was stupid.Anyway. I had feelings for Chris but since Jonah and Tom were two of my best friends I told them all I needed a few weeks distance to think about it (I was planning on visiting family anyway). I didn't handle it very well with Jonah; we had known each other the longest (four years) and had considered dating at one point, so I think he felt he was the automatic choice. I care a lot about him, just not in that way, and might have sent the wrong signals. Initially, Chris and I agreed we wouldn't date. There was already a plan for the two of us and Tom to share an apartment the next year (Jonah and I graduated, I was going to work for a year and he was starting grad school while the others finished their degrees). We were all excited--Felicity, Jonah, and Violet would all be right nearby, we could see each other all the time. Chris and I didn't want to disrupt anything by hurting Tom's feelings by dating. Chris and Tom had been best friends for four years and Chris was very loyal to him.So we were really surprised when Tom found out we had feelings for each other and insisted we date. It turned out to be a manipulation tactic. We started dating, but suddenly there were rules that Tom would set. At first it was understandable stuff--he didn't want to hear us making out/having sex, so we'd only do it when Tom wasn't in the house. Then we couldn't hug/peck in front of him. Then we couldn't cuddle. Sit next to each other on the couch. Talk to each other. Seriously, my boyfriend and I acted like strangers to each other.Tom had the leverage because he was 'suicidal'. He had a 'mood board' he set up (supposedly at the suggestion of his therapist). If Chris and I were joking around when he came into the room, or if Chris paused to put a blanket over me while I was reading, or I grabbed his hand walking past him, anything, Tom would storm over and write 'abandoned', 'unloved', 'alone', 'depressed', or 'suicidal' etc on the board. If we had a planned date night, guaranteed we would get a call in the middle of it or just after--Tom was on the roof of a building and about to jump, he had just tried to hang himself, he had just overdosed, and he needed me (me, specifically) to cheer him up/talk him down/take him to the hospital/whatever.We believed him. So did the other three. Tom had us all dancing attendance for all his daily breakdowns, taking shifts to keep him company. He also convinced Chris and I that Violet and Felicity were uncomfortable around us because we were 'too affectionate' (again, we barely spoke/touched each other unless entirely alone). Turned out he had told them that we were mad at them and didn't want them hanging out at our place.Tom also told me that Jonah understood and wasn't mad at me for dating Chris; he was telling Jonah that I had seduced and flirted with both of them for attention, that I made out with Chris in front of him to make him feel bad, etc. None of this was true.If we ever confronted him, even subtly or kindly, he would threaten to 'move out', by which he meant he would kill himself without us around; or he would play the pity card ('you're right. I'm a horrible person. you'd all be better off if i were dead...' etc). We all fell for it. I think several of us (mostly me, Felicity, and Violet) had suspicions he was being manipulative but didn't want to be the one to call out our depressed friend, especially since a lot of us had been through suicidal stuff before.During this time, Chris was often working during the day while Tom and I were home alone. Tom would keep cuddling up to me, kissing my cheek and forehead, holding my hand. I was so scared to trigger an episode I just kind of went limp whenever he did this. He acted very sweet, and basically idealized me--if I ever had a day when I wasn't a perfect nursing angel to him, he threw a tantrum. He would make up excuses to see me with my shirt off, and would often make sexual comments about my body. Sometimes he would insist on 'checking' my skirts/shirts to see if they were 'appropriate' (making me bend/lean over and seeing my cleavage/butt). If we went to the gym together, I would be doing something as simple as push-ups, and if he made eye contact with me he would reach into his shorts and 'adjust' himself or mime masturbation.it all came to a head when i came back from a visit to my grandparents' and Chris broke up with me. He was sobbing, feeling incredibly guilty, and he told me Tom would kill himself if we didn't break up. He didn't want to break up but this was one of his best friends. We both had meltdowns and suddenly I was furious with Tom. I called Violet and Felicity and left the apartment. It was one of the first times we had talked, just girls, since we all moved, and suddenly we were realizing all the manipulations Tom had pulled ('He told you that?! That's not true!"/"He told  me this..." "I never said that!" etc). We were all furious. I moved in with Violet for a while because I didn't want to deal with Tom. While there, I admitted the sexual stuff to her and Felicity, which made them even angrier. Felicity told Chris (with my permission) and he was furious too. We ended up getting back together; our relationship is wonderful despite this. Jonah was the only one who 'stayed out of it' refusing to comment and still 'taking care' of Tom.We ended up kicking Tom out of the apartment and we cut all contact; he was diagnosed with borderline and and narcissistic personality disorder and moved cross-country. In all the conversation about my harassment (I don't know what exactly he did to me, if it was abuse or just harassment or what), I remembered when he took me to the hospital.I have no memory of that entire day due to multiple seizures, but I woke up with weird marks on my throat/chest and sore in places I didn't think I would have been. I have no idea, proof, or way of finding out if he did anything, but this was around the same time he forcibly kissed me out of jealousy. I know I was talking between seizures, but not 'rational' (or able to consent) but Tom is 100% the kind of guy who would take any 'permission' to have sex or do something sexual he could get. He was also very vague when I asked him what happened in the hospital when I finally got better.I don't know what to do. I don't know what happened or what to do about it. He's across the country but I'm still scared of him and it's driving me nuts not knowing what happened. I don't even know what the rest of it was--abuse or assault or harassment--or what to do about it. Also, though Jonah seems to understand now how extreme his abuse was and has broken contact, I still don't trust him entirely because he seemed willing to go along with what Tom was saying. He's one of my dearest friends and I care deeply for him but i don't know if i should have a talk with him about it or how. I don't know where to go for help. Please?
Guys, I'm in a really tough spot here and need your help.My wife was sexually abused by a family friend when she was a child, and had never sought therapy or shared this with anyone else but me. She also comes from a very conservative Indian family who doesn't wear inappropriate clothing (read shorts and tanks, or anything revealing) and never makes off color jokes.My dad, bless him, is kind of a loud mouthed crass jokester. He makes PG-13 (not rated R) jokes all the time, and my mom, sister, and I just laugh him off because we know that that is just his crude sense of humor and he wouldn't hurt a fly.One day, my wife was walking passed him and he 'tapped' her behind, which was odd and impulsive, but he does this with a lot of us, so I know it wasn't anything sexually directed towards her. That incident has stuck with her and she's broken down and cried to me about it and told me how it gives her flashbacks of her abuser. When this happened, I didn't speak up because my mom yelled at him and told him that that was inappropriate and I was in shock. I regret, and I let her know.Then we went back for Memorial Day and when we got home my dad said "Look, I'm wearing these shorts for you!" (a funky 80's design that was just insanely cheesy) to her in front of all of us, and we all laughed it off because we knew it was a joke like "look at my crazy pants." Well that comment took her over the edge and she felt very violated and now can't stand to be in the same room as him. Needless to say, the whole weekend was ruined.I don't want to tell him because it will break his heart, and I really in my heart of hearts know that he's just a silly crass person who jokes with all of us (including all of my female cousins) that way and doesn't mean anything malicious. He's "that uncle" that everyone has - the one that tells awkward jokes and racist comments, and no one can change him. But now I'm coping with the idea of just pulling away from my family all together because if I do tell him, he will try to apologize to her which will mortify her even further. She made me swear not to tell anyone in my family that she feels this way.She told me not to mention anything to anyone, because she wants to be a good daughter-in-law and not rock the boat, but she also hates my sister (who is a bitch, so I don't blame her) and thinks my mom is rude (I mean, she's got a pure heart but is very naive and says things out of ignorance that can be perceived as rude if you don't know her like that).Should I betray her trust and tell them that she's uncomfortable around them and pull back, or honor my commitment as a husband and quietly pull back so my wife isn't put into these situations again?Do I be a good husband and remove her from the situation? Or be a good son and continue coming around the family and work out a way to separate my wife and my family.PS- my wife will never go to therapy or seek help for her trauma, I've tried for years to get her to come around to that idea, but it's just not going to happen.tl;dr:- My dad tells PG 13 jokes and once tapped my wife on the behind (which he does often to people), but I know he's a good guy and means well. This has traumatized my wife and makes her remember her sexual abuse as I child, and now feels very uncomfortable around my family - what do I do!?!? Choices include: be a good husband, or be a good son.
When I was in 5th grade, I was ten at the time, I went to a very small private school. There were a total of four people in my grade, including me. Two girls and two boys. It was a school tradition for the fifth graders to go on a weekend field trip at the end of every year, so we were going to a nice little cabin up in the mountain. So about a week before the trip, one of the boys in my class, let's call him Scott, asked me to be his girlfriend. I was ten, and to a ten year old dating doesn't really mean anything, so I said yes. A few hours after we began 'dating', the boy asked me if I would have sex with him on the cabin trip. He said he would get his friend to guard the door and nobody would find out. I panicked, said no, and immediately broke up with him.Fast forward to that weekend at the cabin. The four of us were playing some game, something along the lines of tag if I remember correctly. Scott managed to chase me into his room and I didn't realize what was happening until the other boy in our class shut the door behind us. I assume he was guarding the door like Scott said he would. This is where my memory gets a little bit blurry, partially because this was years ago and partially because I believe my mind has suppressed a lot of my memories from that night. I know that Scott threw me onto my back on the bed, and I think he tried to get my shirt off. I managed to fight him off before he could get it off all the way. I made my way out of the room and avoided him for the rest of the trip.I was not raped, but that experience did a lot of emotional damage. I find it difficult to trust boys and I am extremely uncomfortable with being touched by them-- even in a completely friendly way. That may also partially be because when I was twelve, a different male friend of mine fondled my breasts a few times. But my question here is; was Scott's attack on me a sexual assault? He didn't touch my genitals but he did pin me to a bed and attempt to take my shirt off after I denied his offer to have sex. 
I'm 24 and my boyfriend just decided we need a "break" from each other because over the past few months my trust issues have been way out of hand and he can't deal with it. This is the first relationship in my life where I've truly loved someone and he has been trying pretty ceaselessly to prove his love to me. But here I am, unable to accept it.I have not told him that I was raped three times throughout my teenage years and I'm thinking it might be something I need to do? We're still talking here and there, trying to sort out our feelings about this split as we are very much in love with each other. I've told very few people bits and pieces of my past trauma but not until the past few days, when I've been trying super hard to reflect on my issues and begin to address them, have I even accepted that I was raped. It's a hard thing to type, can't really even imagine saying it out loud yet.The first time was when I was 12, he took my virginity. I met a boy, 17, and he was some semblance of a boyfriend - whatever that is at 12. I developed pretty early so by this time I have hips and tits and sexual curiosity. I invited him to my house when my mom was out for the night and after making out and some touching he takes my clothes off. I resist it and keep saying no and that I'm not ready but he has his way. I even kept seeing him after this because I think I assumed that's just how sex is? And even though I was afraid that it would happen again, I felt that longing and closeness that you feel sometimes after you've slept with someone, and to some extent I believed it was my fault because I invited him over, kissed him, etc etc.At this point I've started harming myself in many ways, stopped sleeping, I'm having panic attacks and very depressed. My self-worth is nonexistent and I hate hate hate having a body at all. I'm starting the cycles of my long-lasting eating disorder. I don't want to have sex or a boyfriend for a few months after this, but by the time I'm 13 all I want/need is the attention of boys and men. I saw my friends sort of feeling that way too, seeing as we're the right age to be freaking out over boyfriends. So I assume I'm normal to an extent, just depressed.By the time I'm 15 I've had many sexual partners. I'm very willing to do anything with anyone. I'm also drinking and taking lots of pills, mostly opiates - my favorites. But my friends do those things too and have sex from time to time so everything I'm doing is pretty fine, right? I go to a "party" one night in an empty apartment that a few boys from school had broken into. I haven't eaten in 3 days, I'm trying to make it to 2 weeks just on water, tea & coffee. But there's a lot of vodka there and I'll do anything to shut my brain up for some time, so I start drinking. One boy picks me out and keeps pouring me shots, sits me on his lap. I take 2 percocets in the bathroom, then resume drinking. I don't like him but I do like the spinning drunk that's beginning. He takes me to a room upstairs and I lay down immediately on the beige carpet. That's all I remember. The girl who brought me there gets worried when I'm gone, comes upstairs and opens the door on him having sex with my lifeless body. She screams and he stops, and then she calls an ambulance because I'm not waking up. I come to the next morning at the hospital, my BAC was .43 and the nurse says I'm lucky I had that friend. She didn't report the rape to anyone, just told me later. My mom is at the hospital and she tells me she's leaving me there with my dad because she's sick of my bullshit, and this is the last time I get into this type of trouble if I want to live under her roof.Not that much time passes, I'm 16 and still drinking/drugging constantly, but now I've formed a few actual friendships and am trying to feel happy. I'm trying to forget about these things, not harm myself, and learn to feed myself. I've been seeing a therapist and I've been in a few eating disorder clinics. I'm actually trying now, but I'm still having lots of random sex and getting very drunk - seems normal to me. My mom goes out of town a lot because she's dating now, and she's so broken from her divorce that she hardly sees me. But on a surface level we're getting along a little better and she starts to trust me somewhat.Of course every time my mom is out of town my friends and I have parties at my house. Then one weekend the party's just starting and I'm only on my second beer and I feel dizzy and weird. But I take a lot of drugs at times so it's probably just my body responding to those things. I go to lay down in my bed and I pass out. I wake up the next day feeling raw and in pain, and sticky. I know immediately but can't speak anything to anyone - I'm terrified. Later in life one of the boys will apologize to me, and I ask him how many people were involved and he says four or five.My mom keeps sending me to therapy but I never speak these things. I talk about feeling trapped in my body and wanting to starve, but that's an eating disorder. I'm clearly fearful and withdrawn and erratic, but I do a good job of lying and no one finds out about these three horrible experiences. I try for years to love myself and move on, and I do reach a point of positivity.The past few years I've been much happier, healing myself in any way that I know how, surrounded by good friends. I've had some shitty relationships though, of course. I've dated a long list of men whom I know depend on me and will never leave me or make me afraid. It's all felt pretty safe. I used to have flash backs when my old boyfriend would wake me up in the middle of the night to have sex. I'd have nightmares, but now I'm pretty settled just very removed and distant. I still like to sit alone at the bar and slow my thoughts down, but I'm calm.I've been dating this man who is different though. He is healthy and he doesn't depend on me for his whole stability, and he loves me. I love him too. But here I am, completely distrusting of him. I constantly think he's fucking other people, talking to other women, going to leave me - and now I've pushed so far that he may actually be gone from me. He tells me we need space from each other so that I can find happiness with myself and that we need to form trust in order to be together, and these things are all true. But I started digging in myself and here - these rapes - are the issues I haven't acknowledged or admitted ever. Seems pretty clear that they have made me distrusting and fearful and fucked with my self worth to the point that I can't believe anyone would actually love me so I take him for a liar. But he's not, it's just me that's holding this false belief system.Here I am, I want to heal and be trusting and loving again. I want to address this trauma in my past, face it and learn how to change my thought patterns. I do not want to continue to live with this barrier from other people and risk losing anyone who actually loves me and improves my life. I don't know what it means for this relationship, but I know that I can't live in these terms.Please, please does anyone have any insight? I've been reading other people's stories about their rape experiences and I think just opening the door to the actuality of it has already started to help. Do you have stories? Or thoughts on trusting after these experiences? Resources? Anything, please.
You were ment to be my friend you knew everything I had gone threw. You promised never to hurt me, you promised to protect me when in fact it was YOU i needed protecting from. The police said you spent over a year grooming me but to me you were someone who I could talk to, I wasn't invisible to you like I was to everyone else. But you started wanting more and more from me, things that I should of had no knowledge of, until you raped me. I was 14 you had kids 21 and 15. You showed me what it was really like to to be scared but I only had you I went back how stupid I was I went back you said it was a mistake you were sorry. You cried telling me that you would never hurt me again. I was so stupid I believed you!! You kept your word for all of 10 minutes you proceeded to rape me again but this time you were more angry more violent my scars show that. Afterwards as I lay balled up on the floor you threw a glass bottle at me it hit above me and smashed. Broken glass just fell on top of me. It was my fault you said you said that I made you angry. That was one of the last times I saw you. I told who needed to know that I was jumped to explain the bruises there were that many it hurt to move. The following month the police found out about us I told them about the first time you raped me but not the second the bruising was gone by the time I was interviewed no one connected the dots until it was too late. You admitted to having sex with me knowing I was underage your answer was that I was a little fire cracker who liked it rough. When I was interviewed the second time I gave them the basics. They told me after what you said they also said you could only be tried for sex with underage girl nothing more. I was sick all over the policewomans shoes I had to get out of there I end up at a railway track I was walking into the path of the train I wanted to die the police pulled me off the tracks. I isolated me self from everyone I wanted to die I drink a lot of vodka one night I tried walking in front of cars lorrys buses once again police stopped me. I hated you for what you did but I also hated you for taking away I one person I could talk to, I was back to being invisible again I was on my own again. You got a suspended sentence and less than 5 years on the sex offenders register. By the time I was 19 you were free of all suspended sentence and you were no longer on the sex offenders register. I will never be free I'm 31 now I have children I am not with their dad as I can't let some that close again. But I wanted a family so I had to try I screwed that up I couldn't get that right either. In a couple of years my children will be the same age I was when I met you and I haven't a clue how to protect them when I couldn't even protect myself. You are there when I sleep you are there when I'm awake there's no getting away from you and what you did. Everyone seems to of forgot what you did I wish I could.  
Is it normal to go from complete chaos from one day to feeling fine the next day? Or did I all of a sudden completely recover?
I was a 17 year old girl when this happened, I'm now 18. Because we just finished exams, me and 4 friends went on vacation to Albufeira. This is really normal for our school, more groups of friends went to Albufeira after the exams. We arrived at our apartment and we soon discovered that we had upstairs neighbours. We met them that night. Well I met one, he was a blond guy called Niels, I was mad at my friends, I don't even know why anymore... Anyhow I was walking ahead of them and I met him, apparently he was on vacation with 4 other male friends. We were a group of 2 girls and 3 guys. Our upstairs neighbors were all in the age range of 20 to 22. The night after, it happened.We were drinking in the apartment above us, before we went to a club. When we got in the taxis, a van and a car, because we where with 10 people, one of our group forgot his wallet and he wanted to go back, so when we got out of the taxis he went back with the other girl in our group. On their way back he became sick and they stayed at the apartment for the rest of the night. So then I was alone with 7 guys, that was my first clue that it was not smart to go with them, and I was already really drunk before we came there. When it was like 3 A.M. we were still in the club and the guy who eventually raped me, Aron, was kissing a lot of girls, he told me he wanted to kiss at least 10 girls. This is important to the story because he wanted to kiss me, he couldn't find a tenth, but I never kissed someone before so I was a little skeptic. When we were talking for 5 minutes he just kissed me, I was really drunk at this point so I didn't really know what happened and I couldn't do anything about it. Afterwards he pulled me with him to the exit of the club. He motioned to a taxi and we sat in it. He told the driver where we had to go, our apartment. When his hand traveled to my legs, to my stomach, I asked what he was doing and he said: we're gonna have sex. I was shocked at what he said and didn't know what to do. He kept telling the driver he had to speed up cause he really wanted to have sex with me, and i was reaaaaaally ashamed. But while he was doing that he slipped his hand in my pants and started to finger me... I attempted to literally get him out of my pants, but I didn't have any strength because of the alcohol, I kept saying that I didn't want to, but he just ignored it and put my hand in his pants where he forced me to pry him. When we finally were at the apartment we had to walk a lot of stairs and I attempted to run away a few times which obviously didn't work out. At some point he threw me on the ground pulled his pants down pushed my head to his penis and I involuntary gave him head. It was terrible, which is quite obvious. When we were in their other apartment, yeah they had two, it all happened, like everything, from foreplay to anal. I can't report him to the police, because I have no idea what his surname is and no idea where he lives. I only have photos of him. I'm emotionally scarred and I think about it every day...
It happened 6 years ago and it was done to me by two men. I am a man so nobody listened or cared and everyone refused to believe it was true.The entire incident was dismissed and I was branded a Liar I suffered for 6 years and Im done with it. Im not sad anymore I am not angry I am not bitter but I am ready to heal.The only thing is the thoughts never went away I want the memory of it gone so bad but I know it will never leave how can I learn to live with this without it consuming so much of me.Im over it but im not the same anymore I feel like it has changed me in a way that cant be reversed unless I was lucky enough to get amnesia.I got over the fact that justice would not be served long ago and I am ok with that now I really am but please how can I move on.Im young in my 20,s now and ready for this to be a thing of my past not something haunting my future. I just need and want to kno how to live with this I dont want to suffer from it anymore.
So the man (I don't know what to call him here) was my one of my best friend's dad and I can remember two incidents. (I'm a male and this took place quite a long time ago)The first was when I was assistant coach to his (he was the coach) soccer team. After training I was sitting in his car and we were talking formations and such. I used my finger on upper leg to draw a formation and where the players would run. And in response he used his finger to draw on my leg. At first I didn't like it because he was touching my leg but he kinda keep moving up leg to my inner thigh, above where I had drawn on my leg. I was in soccer shorts and sitting down(and clothes have always sat awkward on me) so my entire thigh was exposed and he sort of touched everywhere that wasn't covered. Isn't like the upper part of the inner thigh universally known as a sexual spot, like definitely a place you wouldn't touch a child? I can't rationalise it as a good touch. I tried moving his hand down my leg and adjusting my shorts so it covered more of my leg but he kept coming up my leg. And then he stopped and drove me home.The second time I was over my friend's house with a few of his friends that I didn't really know. It was probably his birthday given that fact, but I don't want to think about that too much as then I know when my friend's birthday is and that would give it a date(or timeframe), does that sort of make sense? It makes it less real. So everyone was sleeping over and the dad gave us alcohol(whiskey or some spirit). It sort of made me feel lighted headed. So he suggested I go downstairs to bed(a mattress that was on floor in a rumpus room) while the others watched a movie. He followed me down there and we were alone. He said if someone rubs your belly when you have a headache it makes it feel better. I didn't want that, I tried to stop him but he sort of insisted in the way adults can force children to do stuff. And when he was rubbing my belly he kept going lower towards my penis despite me 'correcting' him several times. During this he touched my penis over my pants several times and at least once under my pants and underpants(direct touch). Like that is far far far too much to be accidental, especially the direct touch. (Adding this after I have reread everything, I can also remember thinking 'should I stop him or should I just let this happen' at the time). Eventually he stopped.And like was I lucky that I didn't get touched more? Was I able to stop it? We went to different high schools and I only assisted the one year(and my mum mostly drive me home) so was it just a lack of opportunity that things didn't go further? I also sort of feel I shouldn't feel so bad about it because others had it way worse. And if only I hadn't drawn on my leg or had that alcohol none of this would have happened. No matter how much I can see it was him all his fault for touching me inappropriately, how can the preceding action not be the cause for the following action(my brain can't fully get around that concept)? And maybe there were other times(or parts of these two times) I didn't remember/wasn't conscious for. This is the only time I have talked about this.
my girl has confided in me that her ex raped her. i don't know how to react at all. she's a very tough lady. she would never want someone to pity her. she's super independent. i think she should file a police report. he might rape others. please help me out with some advice. 
Two weeks ago my 16 yr old daughter from my first marriage disclosed to me that her father had sexually assaulted her repeatedly from age 8-14 while he had primary custody (I have primary custody now) We called the police, made a report, and have been working with the police in the state where he lives.Today the investigator obtained a warrant to record a phone call between my daughter and her father. She called him and got a confession (plus a huge side of guilt trip) and we recorded it. I have already forwarded the conversation to the investigator. Tomorrow I will be filing for an order of protection for her.So here is my dilemma. His current wife has a 1.5 year old baby girl with him. I am friendly with her and she and I get along well. I have no reason to believe she knew about the abuse. Her world is about to be fucking torn apart, and I feel on some level a need to warn her. Especially as a mother to another mother. At the same time, her dad has a passport, and I do not want him absconding to Mexico or something before they can arrest him. There is always a risk she will give it away. How would you handle this?tl:drEx husband confessed to molesting his/my daughter on tape. Legal action pending. Should I tell his current wife who has a baby with him?
A little bit of background here about our friendship.We first started off learning much about eachother and grew really close intimately and emotionally. She taught me a lot about learning about reading other people's emotions and being able to stick up for what I believed in. For awhile I thought I was going to date her, but upon dealing with my own stressors in life and her dealing with her abusive family almost every day, i found it was more important at this point in time that she had a close friend to be there for her as much as I could be without hurting myself.Flash Forward and the verbal / emotional abuse only got worse. She has had to go see a therapist for her depression as her family had no understanding that them along with her abusive boyfriend was even causing her depression in the first place. It's gotten to a point to where they've told her she should move into his house in that if she can't deal with them, she should leave the family.At this point she's in a rock in a hard place. Her family has always been controlling of her even as an adult because of a traumatic brain injury / past relationships she's had, and the parents learned that she has been sexually assaulted by this man and theyve done nothing.. I want to go see her this morning and figure out what kind of plan might help her find a more peaceful solution in life but.. she only wants to move in with a boyfriend and I think she might want to move in with the one she's with now..I truly am worried she's gonna do something stupid, and by going to any kind of police, her parents could very much try and lock her up, even though one could see shes a responsible adult.. But I fear if I do nothing.. things are gonna get worse. I'm so lost on what kind of advice to givetl,dr Best friend is being abused by family / boyfriend and the family wants her to basically move in with her ex who has been abusive before.
When I was a 8 year old little boy, I was taken into a bathroom and raped. I supressed the memory untill i started to get high in my 20's. I have gotten some therapy but i have been having constant flashbacks and yell out to stop them. Its ruining my life. Help
Hi Reddit!Posting here after unsuccessfully posting on r/relationships where the mods told me to come here. So it's not really a rape story but I guess you might have more advices than r/relationships ! They told me I could also post to rapecounseling, should I?Throaway because I don't want this story linked to my main account. Apologize for any mistake as English isn't my main language. Also... it's going to be super long so don't hesitate to skip everything and go to the TL;DR!So here's the story: my aunt (my mum's sister) married my uncle (so he's not my direct uncle, just by marriage) and I have known him since I was a child. I grew up considering him as my real uncle. However, when I was 15, we were spending Christmas with the entire family as always and his attitude towards me changed a lot. He was 40 at the time. I had to study a lot because of some exams at the end of the year, and he had a lot of 'work' so we both stayed home when the rest of the family went on hikes or shopping outside. During these alone times he would get very close to me, kissing me on the cheeks, sitting next to me and then trying to caress my legs, arms or hands, and stuff like that, things he had never ever done before at all. He would tell me it was 'our little secret' and that it was just him showing his uncle love to me. I was petrified and I wasn't sure it was true. The day after, it got worse, for instance during family meals he would rub his leg against mine under the table, always sit next to me. He once grabbed my bra and pretended to open it, all whilst we were playing Monopoly with his son and my little brother. I tried to 'test' him just because I still couldn't believe it, and as I had kicked his dog who was under the table (not on purpose!) I let him know, just so maybe he'd get angry or react how I had always seen him react before, but he told me in a savvy voice "don't worry, if it's you, it's ok" wink wink. I can still picture it to this day and it makes me want to puke.It took me four days before I could tell him to stop, I was so afraid, and I didn't want to ruin Christmas holidays (bear with me, I was 15 at the time and I only had one small relationship before, so standing up for myself was very hard). I had spent a night without sleeping and called a friend crying around 3am, she helped me, told me it wasn't normal, told me to tell him to stop and to let my parents know. The day after, I was still afraid. I was watching TV alone in the living room, he came next to me and sat, I was so scared again. Then he started putting his hand on my belly and tried to go further down and that's when I finally managed to tell him to stop or else I'd tell my parents. He pretended like it was nothing, just uncle love, but I knew it wasn't. And if I hadn't told him to stop I also know it could've been much much worse and he probably would've raped me, he was just hoping to get away with the fact I wouldn't dare say a thing, and each day I didn't say anything, he went further so I don't think he would've stopped.The rest of the holidays were ok even though he seemed a bit scared of me, probably because he thought I'd tell my parents right away. When we left, I finally told them (I was still in the 'not ruin Christmas' mood tbh, hence why I didn't say anything before). My mom told me she thought something was off during the holidays, but she thought it was just her mind, and she told me she should've done a better job at protecting me, and my dad was furious. He would've killed him on the spot, except we were on the way home so thankfully he didn't do anything rash.Well anyway, nothing really happened after that. I was a bit in shock for a year, having irrational fears about adults, fearing for my friends, my grades dropped a bit but nothing problematic since they basically dropped from excellent to just good, so I was lucky. It took me a while but I got over it. I decided not to report it to the police because actually nothing really happened. My dad confronted him but he flat out denied everything, he didn't even apologize to me (even though i was in the room and crying) or prentended to care to be honest. My parents were 100% with me and told me they'd have no issue going to the police to support me, even if the family might not have believed us, they didn't care. But here is the thing: my aunt and fucktwat uncle had young children, 5 and 7 years old, and I didn't want them to lose their dad. Also my aunt was so in love with him she would've hated me, and I couldn't deal with this idea. I knew she wouldn't have believed me and now that I'm older, I understand why and I've never blamed her for that (but I blame him). He's always been a manipulative, narcissist, egocentric asshole, and really good at hiding things from people. He loves himself, he gloats about everything he does, it's him him him. He speaks well too, I don't know the exact expression in English but let's say that when he says something everyone is under his charm. Well used to be. But my aunt was definitely being manipulated by him at this time.It eventually got bad between him and my aunt, a few years later. He wasn't taking care of his children like a good father, and he tried to sexually assault my aunt's best friend (and I know we weren't the only ones he tried to assault...). He slept with other women and men, started spending all his time out of the house. So eventually my aunt asked for a divorce. It's been 3-4 years and the divorce is still not signed, because he's doing everything he can not to give her what she wants. He's tried everything to make her suffer, and his children as well. I'm not going into details because it would be too long but there's a lot of things he's said and done to hurt them, petty things too, or bigger things (on top of my head: calling social services on my aunt for children bad treatment, paying a world of warcraft account to his son (he's always been a big player himself so he lured his son into it) and then accusing my aunt of letting him play the game, refusing to buy his daughter new pens for school when she was at his home because "he didn't have full time custody and it's all your mom's fault because she's a bitch who refuses that I'll be your father" and such...). Well now even his children refuse to see him, obviously they have no idea about the fact he assaulted me when I was younger. And we're pretty positive about the fact he's never tried to do anything to his own daughter.When all this started to blow up and he showed his real face to his family, my aunt would call my mom all the time crying (they're really really close, and I'm extremely close to my mom and my aunt too). My mom knew what kind of shithead he was, and seeing her sister like that after what he had done to me was too much. So she called him and told him to stop harrassing the family, that she knew what kind of man he was. Except he filed a complain against my mom and I for false accusations. My aunt was furious and thought we were trying to antagonize her, so eventually we told her what had happened during the Christmas holidays. She was devastated, we cried a lot, my mom and I wrote letters to the judge to swear it happened, etc. I got an official apology from my aunt, who told me I had been so brave and she's so lucky to have such a strong niece, that if I ever feel like a need professional help to deal with this, she'd be absolutely 'happy' to pay for it to maybe start to make amends to me. Well I'm really happy she's my aunt and I told her I was really strong so she should worry about her and her children first.Now for those who are still reading this extreeeemely long story. Things haven't really gone better. I mean my family is still together and we love each other as hell. But I had made peace with this story, I had managed to move on with my life and I wasn't even really traumatised, I've always been strong for that matter. But seeing my aunt and cousins having to put up with such a fucking hateful and narcissist guy... My issue now is that even though I've done all I could (letter to the judge etc.) I still feel like he has never been punished for being such an asshole to everyone. I feel like I'd need to ruin his life to feel at ease, and deep down I've dreamt a million times about him being alone under a bridge with a record as sex offender. But I don't think ruining his life is the right thing to do (I mean, I believe it is, but I think I shouldn't be the one doing it) and I don't even know if it would actually appease my anger towards him. And now I'm angry again because of what he did when I was 15 (which I had managed to put behind me) because I'm angry to what he's put my family through for the past 3-4 years. So Reddit I guess my question is: what should I do? Contact him and punch him in the face? (Oh god I've dreamt so many times of seeing him in a crowded tube (we live in the same city) and punch him whilst shouting at him what a bastard he was for trying to grope his 15 yo niece). Should I talk to someone (professional) about it? Everyone around me who know about it has always been very supportive. But eventually I realize it's not enough and I want revenge, and I'm not sure how to deal with those emotions. So thanks in advance Reddit!!!────────TL;DR: shitty uncle in law sexually harassed me when I was 15. Managed to put it behind me, but now he's making my aunt's and his children's lives hell. Feel like I need to destroy his life now, but not sure it's what should be done here?
I was studying abroad for a semester and I was friends with this guy, George. As far as I was concerned we were friends, that was all. One night we were both at a friends birthday party and towards the end of the night he kept giving me alcohol - I was already pretty drunk at this stage.We ended up in his room and started fooling around, which I remember engaging with (had I not been so drunk though I don't think I would have, but anyway). We didn't have sex, or so I thought - until I found out that he told people we did, after one of our friends asked me about it. I told them what I thought happened and said that if we did have sex I didn't remember. He came back to me later on and said that George was insisting that we did. I was pretty upset for a while but decided to let it go.Then, about two months later, almost the same thing happened - I ended up in his room after a party, this time we watched a movie and then we started playing strip poker (I didn't want to but didn't say anything). At this point, I wasn't really drunk, but I was really tired and said I just wanted to sleep for a while, which he was ok with. I fell asleep, then at some stage I woke up to him fingering me. I pushed him away and he stopped, so I fell back to sleep, but woke up to the same thing. I tried to push him away but he wouldn't stop so then I turned away, at which point he used his legs to stop me from moving and continued. This went on for about 10 minutes. During this whole time I could not say a word and I don't know why, but it's making me feel like I consented even though I know I didn't. I was frozen and it felt like I was watching it happen, instead of it happening to me.I've been in similar situations in the past, where I have been unable to say that I don't want what is happening, and I know I should. The thing really bothering me is that I said nothing and let it happen, and I feel like if it happened again, I still wouldn't be able to say no.
Hello all. I stumbled onto this board from a link in /r/justnomil. I told the original story here (https://redd.it/47ehyb). Everyone was super supportive and rallied around me. I was desperate to understand what happened to me. Even though I was hesitant to label what happened to me was rape, the consensus for everyone was yes, that is indeed what happened. It shook me, to say the least.Fast forward to now. I have left the abusive situation behind, but me and my husband have agreed to counseling in the near future. But on the interim, there are things that he says that blows my mind. In regards to that incident where I was crying and didn't give verbal consent to him having sex with me, his excuse was that a) when I cry, he thinks that by having sex with me and making me orgasm that that is his way of comforting me; and b) since I didn't verbally and physically tell him no, that he isn't responsible for responding that way.WTF. Even after explaining that sex is the FURTHEST thing from my mind when I am emotionally distraught, he still thought it was ok "since it's happened before (his words)." I was livid when he said this. Then I started crying again; and he said he needed to train himself out of that, because his first instinct is "to show you that you are loved by making love to you." No. Just... NO. Is this a common train of thought? It's crazy! It seems like some sort of hard wired response or something, but this can't be right. I still think about it to this day, and despite the fact that I love him, I will not allow myself to trust him ever again and I'm staying away from him until we get counseling - at least he's agreed to it - and still I worry. But I don't want to detract from the real survivors of that kind of assault. Was I raped? Others say yes, but I'm still confused about it. I know I get upset whenever I do think about it, and the other times he's coerced me into sex when I was emotionally distraught. If that is the case, can he ever understand in his brain that what happened was indeed rape? Thanks for listening. I kinda rambled a bit I think.
I finally accepted that my friend breached my boundaries and assaulted me. But what am I supposed to do with this feeling I have... I guess you could describe it as hopelessness or disgust. It's been 3 years, now. I still can't have sex with my boyfriend without thinking about him and that is so fucking disgusting. I ruin so many romantic moments. I ruin so many sessions that could be fun or fulfilling. And I can't help but think that any guy could rape me if he wanted to... I think it every time I'm alone with a man and even every time I see one. I have PTSD, so that may factor into this.But I hear so many people talking about how it's been 25 years and they still can't move on and I am so scared. I don't want to live this way for the rest of my life... I can't. This is hell, it's living hell. There was no proof that he did anything to me. There were people sleeping around us, including my sister right beside me, how could I wake her up and have her see me like that?! I always told myself he wouldn't so this to anyone else... But he has. Recently. To a 14 year old girl. We're 18 now. The MO was the same. People were around. They were sleeping. I found out he hid under the bed and would crawl up and molest her and then recede... Talk about monsters under the bed. God I feel so disgusted, he's a predator.Is this how it's gonna be for the rest of my life? He won't ever get justice. I want him dead. I want to fucking kill him for what he did to me and to that girl. My boyfriend does, too. Would it help the situation to get a few guys together and just tell him to stay away from the friend group? Like just to tell him they know what the fuck he did and to never come back to us again? Is that ok? I know violence isn't the answer even though I want to stomp him in the fucking throat so I don't think there'll be anything like that.
It kills me. When I was young, I would go down to visit my extended family. He would crawl into my bed at night and proceed to use my body as he wanted. I didn't know what to do. I pretended to be asleep. Every time, and there were more times then I can remember, I just tuned it out. Because of him, I am terrified of men. I am afraid to be left alone with a man, and that includes my father who has never done anything to me. I am afraid of my own innocent father.  I am always tired because the smallest noise will wake me up. It took me so long to be able to sleep in the same bed as my husband, who I will still sometimes punch and kick at in the middle of the night.I love my family, and I am very close to my attacker's spouse. She is handicapped and relies on him financially. I can't report him because I don't want her to suffer. I don't want her to go hungry or not afford her medical bills. I want him to die, then he'd leave her his life insurance and I wouldn't have to smile and hug him. I wouldn't have to share my birthday with him. I wouldn't have to put on this fake smile. I wouldn't have to be an actress. 
If somebody fucks you, pulls off the condom in the middle of the thing and continuing bare back WITHOUT informing or warning you and keeps on fucking you despite you literally beg him to stop... Is it rape?
I'm writing this on mobile so please excuse me for any formatting errors. I don't even know if I'm doing this right. It's hard trying to type this out. It's currently almost 5am and I can't sleep. I haven't been able to sleep well lately. About week and a half ago, I got back onto my medication for narcolepsy. This isn't the reason I'm posting this, but it plays into it.This past weekend I ran into my ex from several years ago. He abused me in more ways than I can count, I still get flashbacks. Not the first time I've been sexually assaulted, wasn't the last. The difference being that I was successful in cutting off any communication or runins with the others but this guy has actively tried to keep in contact with me for almost seven years. I've made it very clear that I don't want to talk to him and that he needs to just leave me be. He lives in the same city as I do and I don't have to see him too often but its often enough to wreak havoc on my nerves. Its been almost seven years and yet still, whenever I see him I immediately am on the verge of a panic attack and if he sees me he tries to talk to me.Cue this weekend. I'm still adjusting to my medication, which is making me dissociate and spiking my anxiety and paranoia. Every evening I'm exhausted by 10 pm but if I try to sleep I'm paralyzed by a horrible loop of flashbacks and normally can't fall asleep until after 8am. My boyfriend is incredibly understanding but my paranoia convinces me that he's eventually going to get tired of this constant pattern of sleep deprivation and everything else happening. Right now my life is kind of hectic and I sat for hours contemplating about posting this. I might even delete it later. I don't even know why I'm doing this other than maybe venting? I don't know. This feeling won't go away and I don't know what to do about it. I'm sorry for rambling on but I'm kind of at a loss here and the only thing I can do is just wait it out and hope everything goes somewhat back to normal like it usually does. I'm getting tired of this constant cycle of stress and always looking over my shoulder. It seems like every time I finally relax and move on that guy has to show up again. I hate it.
This is my first post ever on Reddit, sorry if I make any mistakes. My best friend Lucas told me to ask for advice on here.&nbsp;So I met this girl  2 years ago at high school. She was really straight forward with every guy she met about her sexual fantasies. She would always act "slutty" to attract men. Being the oblivious teenager I was, I befriended her.&nbsp;At a party during spring break, I was having a conversation with her and her friend Jenny (Jennifer). It was very nice and everything until they both decided to "continue the party" at my house since I live with my single mom and she was away for a while so I was home alone. The part ended at around 12PM. When we got home (20 minutes walk from where the house party was at) we went upstairs to my room where Jenny and her peer pressured me into smoking weed. I choked a lot and they laughed at me, but at the end of it I got really high that I wasn't too conscious about what I was doing. Jenny left us at around 1AM to go home because her parents called her.&nbsp;I was left alone with Lucie in my bedroom. She told me that she really liked me and she was being really touchy and flirty. She laughed at everything I said and told me I was funny. She quickly transitioned to being very sexual and asking me to touch her breast. At around 2:20AM after smoking a shitload of weed, we were having sex. It wasn't vaginal sex because we had no condoms but we did pretty much everything else excluding anal. She slept in my room and left the morning after. Being raped has affected me really negatively in the past years. Now I am in love with this girl, and we've been dating for a whole month now. I feel terrible knowing that I lost my virginity to a girl I never liked instead of my one true love.&nbsp;I am just writing this to get it of my chest, I wonder if any of you guys can give me some word of support or advice in this situation. Should I tell my girlfriend what happened? And even if I do, I still will never get back my virginity for her. How do I cope with this?
I've posted about this here before, basically I grew  up mostly with my cousins and my uncle taking care of me, who would repeatedly molest and rape me, at some point when I started puberty he would touch my penis and make me sexually aroised before he forced himself on me, I'm like 30ish, and honestly just being near him turns me on, what I'm wondering is if this Is normal or if anyone else here has similar experiences
my wife was raped and i was useless to stop it happening to her
A little less than a week ago I met a guy on the app "Whipser". We had both indicated that we wanted to meet up with each other and fool around (if you know what I mean). When I got there (behind a Walmart) he was trying to convince me to give him head. I had never done it before, and I was uncomfortable because I did not like being in a place where we could easily get caught. I ended up doing it and I felt like I had been very coerced. While it was happening I started gagging and he had said to me "gagging is okay, it's supposed to happen". After this had happened he wouldn't text me back. I convinced him to meet up with me again, and that is what we did. The second time we met up, he had me drive to a secluded area (so no one could catch us) and beforehand he told me to "wear something that I don't mind getting cum on, be prepared to swallow, and don't wear a bra." I went anyway and I started to suck his dick he shoved it down my throat. He kept doing that and I couldn't breathe, I was trying to pull away but he told me "no" and pushed my head back down. I ended up gagging so much that I almost threw up (in fact I thought that I did and I had to make sure I didn't). Every time I tried to pull away he would push my head back down. I texted him today after gaining information about what he is like, from someone else that I met who goes to the same school as him. He kind of freaked out and demanded to know who I talked to, I didn't say who it was because they didn't want to get involved. I called the guy who I had met up with over and over for about an hour and he finally called back. I told him that it is not okay to force someone to do what he made me do and that he should not have been that aggressive. he told me that it was my fault for not saying anything (but how could I have, with him shoving his dick in my throat?!) and he basically told me that it was my fault for not saying anything. I'm pretty sure it seemed like I was struggling when I was sucking his dick and I'm pretty sure that it was obvious that I wanted to stop, he should have realized that and stopped, right? and was it actually my fault for not saying anything? I was kind of afraid to say anything, though, because he got frustrated/angry/annoyed easily. Please respond to this so I can get some clarity.
[Warning: The text below refers to something I have done, and which is still not resolved. I don't know if this is the correct place to post it, I hope it is (I thought about rapecounseling but decided against it. Anyway, this is my first reddit account.]Hello,I really need some advice. I am male, and I was out with two female friends. We were extremely drunk, and we decided we'd all sleep on the same house, since one of the girls rented a large king-sized bed. There was no sexual atmosphere at all during the evening, just friends having fun. Now, the girl who rented the room was quite a wreck with all the alcohol, so I was helping her throw up etc, and did so until she told me she'd be alright from there. I went to bed, and laid next to the other girl. Now it starts. I was extremely drunk myself (and I am laying this out as an explanation, Not as an excuse). She might have been asleep, or awake, I honestly don't know. I laid next to her, I cuddled with her, and then I started to fondle her breast under her shirt, in spite of the fact that she was not responding to anything that I was doing (and so was certainly not giving any consent). Suddenly I was hit with the realization of what I was doing, and jumped out of the bed. I tried to regain some composure and went back to bed facing against her, but soon after I started to get more and more nervous about what I had done, unable to stand it all, and went sleep to the couch. In the morning we all met, talked and went out together with no reference nor to anything, and I haven't seen her or talked to her since.I have been extremely anxious these past couple of days. Did I rape her? The word is perhaps too strong, but I certainly took advantage of her without her consent. I regret it immensely, I haven't been able to focus on anything ever since (conversations are a wreck etc). Now, I don't want to make this about me, but even though I myself am a rape survivor (rather more serious than the above), I still have no idea about what might be going over her head. Did she think it was silly and stupid, or violent and traumatizing? Was she awake, was she asleep? I have decided I am going to stay away from her from now on, so there's that, but apart from that, should I try to apologize to her or should I just let it be and hope for the best? Would she even /want/ me to apologize, or for me to just get the hell out of her sight?As you can see I am completely lost, and while I am worried about myself, mostly I am worried about what I might have done to her, and it's driving my crazy.Any help would be extremely welcome.
It was 2008 and I was on a summer break from college.  I was 20 years old.  At the time, I was seeing a guy that I had worked with for several years who was 24 or 25.  We were friends, but he ended up dating a mutual friend of ours for a couple years, so nothing happened with us for awhile.  The summer that we started going out, he'd been broken up with her for a few months.  In that time, he'd also found another job and we were no longer working together.I don't really remember much about our relationship.  It's almost like I packed it all away and put it in a place where I never have to think about it again.  In fact, until I started reading some of the other stories here, I had forgotten that he and I had gone on several dates.  We were together most of the summer, but I honestly can't remember much of it.  I just know that I liked him a lot at the time.Toward the end of summer, he moved about an hour away from our hometown to live with his friends and start his new job.  He invited me up for a party they were having.  I was living at home that summer, and I remember my parents being really adamant that I not go.  They hadn't even met him, but they didn't like him.  Being an independent 20 year old girl, I was dead set on rebelling against them.  Looking back, they were right.After much pleading and arguing, my parents begrudgingly let me visit him.  I don't remember much of the night.  He introduced me to his roommates, who were already drinking.  It wasn't much of a party, just him and three or four of his friends.  I remember taking two shots of rum with them.  I might have had a beer.  At the time, I was in college...two shots and a beer was a drop in the bucket for me.  Certainly not enough to make me black out.  I don't remember drinking anything else at all, but I did black out.I remember a snippet or two of the rest of the night.  I know we left the apartment because his friends wanted to go to a bar.  I could hardly stand up, so I have no idea how they would have gotten me let into a bar.  I don't know what happened or how we got back home.What I do remember clearly is waking up the next morning in his bed, in my underwear.  We'd barely kissed before, I knew I wasn't ready to have sex with him.  I had planned on sleeping on the couch.  There was a condom wrapper in the sheets.  I had a flashback of him asking whether I was on birth control and not really being able to respond.  *He must have stopped when he realized I have my period,* I thought.  I ran to the bathroom to discover he hadn't stopped.  Sorry for TMI, but my tampon was pushed so far up inside me that I was in pain and couldn't get it out.  I was so sick and disgusted that I left almost immediately.For his part, he didn't really acknowledge anything that had happened at all.  In fact, he stopped talking to me at all pretty shortly afterward.  I don't remember having that much to drink, but I hate that I was too out of it to say no.  I hate that it constantly makes me question whether this "counts" or if I'm the one at fault.  I try my hardest not to think about it.  After it happened, I brushed it off and buried it in the back of my memory.  I've never told anyone at all.
I needed to post where no one knows me.  I don't feel okay right now.  I'm suffering from flashbacks, psychosomatic pains.... I'm too ashamed to talk to my therapist or my secondary.  My secondary knows what happened, almost all of it, but I feel disgusting.  :(  I feel I am to blame and I feel as if I am very, very bad.I'm going to go ahead and put a trigger warning here.My story is graphic, I am blunt and I use (somewhat) proper terminology.  I do not want to cut it down and make it "prettier", as I spent most of my life convincing myself that my experiences weren't so bad.  My story is largely based in religion, but I didn't share any specific teaching.  Please be gentle with yourself should you choose to read this. I'm not sure exactly how old I was when the abuse started.  My primary abuser was my father, who will be referred to as "the pastor" or "the prophet" from here, onward.  Those terms make the reality easier for me to accept.  The pastor ran a church, for which he believed he was a prophet.  He taught from a number of texts, but mostly a combination of the bible, the gnostic gospels, and bits of his own writing for which he claimed divine inspiration.    My mother isn't particularly vital to the story.  She had me at age 15, missed out on her teen years, did a lot of partying, and passed away a few years ago.  I didn't know her well, she wasn't married to my father at any point, and I feel her role is inconsequential.  She will not be mentioned very much.    My paternal grandmother was my primary caretaker for most of my life, until she passed on.  Afterward, my paternal uncle and his girlfriend had legal custody after sneaky legal maneuvers.     I'm not exactly sure where the younger years "begin", but this will bring me back to the first instance.  It was a Wednesday church service.  The prophet was giving a sermon about trusting God when you can't find a reason to.  There was a woman in the pew next to me... the woman everyone avoided because she was "deeply moved" by every sermon, related to everything he said... looking back I understand that she was histrionic as anything.  One week, she was going on about losing several children and telling everyone she was barren by some strange genetic glitch the next.  I suspect she was very lonely.     The prophet began to lapse into glossolalia, shouting nonsense with the type of conviction that comes only from a con artist who has managed to convince himself that his lies are true.  The woman in the pew beside me began sobbing openly, reaching out to me for comfort as she shouted with him.  Feeling stuck, I hugged her back and tried to comfort her in the best way I knew how.   After communion and prayer, we were released and the woman began telling the prophet about what a good, godly woman I would become, how proud she was of my humanitarian side, my will to help a person in need.  As the prophet and I went home, he talked to me about it, telling me how proud he was of how emotionally giving I was.     I was young and confused. I was not emotionally or spiritually giving.  An older woman cried all over me and I didn't understand what was going on.  I did the only thing I thought I could do.  This is how I found out I was "special" like the prophet. Trigger warning for language, graphic account of abuse, "religion".The prophet suspected I was special the same way he was, I was ordained by god to help him in his duties to "cleanse" the world.  He believed children were pure, innocent creatures, and only they could cleanse a muddy adult soul.  He told me that there are parts of our bodies that push out evil.  He stripped off my clothes and I wasn't able to comprehend what was happening.  He put his finger on my clitoris and pressed until my body began to respond.  He told me that was the female body's way of purifying itself.  This particular concept was hard for me to swallow when I took sex ed in high school and learned about natural lubrication.  To this day I still feel guilty, as if my body is desperately trying to rid itself of some small sin I've committed.  I still feel guilty when I am aroused, because that type of pleasure is something "bad girls" enjoy.  It happens because my body is pushing out evil. He wanted to show me the way that men purified themselves.  I was capable of making people better.  I was a "sponge" for his iniquity.  What he did to me hurt, but I felt special.  I was destined to help him fulfill his duties to the world.  I came away sticky with sweat, tears, blood, and semen.  I felt ashamed, confused, and I don't know why.  He said it was our secret.  If anyone else knew I was special, they would be envious.  Covetousness is a sin, and we can't cause people to sin, now can we?  That last line would become a mantra for the next several years of my life, repeated over and over again with each instance.   I define age 8 as the beginning of the middle for the simple fact that it occurred sometime later than the first instance of abuse I can recall, but was earlier than the latest.  By this time, the prophet had gathered himself a nice little group of like-minded individuals.  I call them the "cronies".  I understand now they were drawn in by his charisma in the same way I was.      During this period, I was still too young to understand that my experiences were not normal for any reason. I submitted as expected.  I kept being a "good girl", kept acting like a "lady".  My grandmother had legal custody of me, for the simple fact that the prophet did not want his name on any paperwork that would make him responsible for me.  That is the way I have interpreted it.  To this day, I don't know why we all lived together, but she had all of the parental power.      The only reason I remember being 8 was because of the car wreck-- the one wherein I broke my ribs, one wrist, needed several stitches... when the EMTs came on scene, they were asking my grandmother how old I was (she was the one driving) because they did not believe I was competent to answer questions, I looked too young.  They wrote in my chart that I was 6, but my grandmother corrected them several times.  She came away with a gash in her head and in her calf, both of which healed fine, but required stitches.  I caught the prophet stealing her painkillers afterward.  She didn't say anything to him.  She never did.  I know she knew about what he was doing to me, what he made me do, what he was stealing from her... I think she was afraid.  There is no way to know, now.       My brother died from a fall.  I have a sneaking suspicion it was no accident.  I am putting pieces together, still.  I spent a lot of time searching for him, as I didn’t remember what had happened.  It was as if he never existed, just a tool, not a real person. Soon after his death, incidents began happening in front of "the lights".  Strobe lights, cough medicine, though I was healthy, ceiling mirrors, microphone feedback.  Made it harder for me to resist, harder for me to remember what happened, all I can remember is being overwhelmed.  So overwhelmed that in my search for something less chaotic all of my focus was on him and the others (if others were present that day).  Sometimes he would rape me or force me to touch him or others, sometimes he would make me cut myself while repeating his writing, bible verses, or punishment thoughts.  Like writing lines.  I remember the lights flashing, looking up into the mirror and forgetting who I was.  The human brain isn’t designed to look at the body this clearly, for this long.  I remember that my image would begin to change until I no longer recognized myself.  The cough syrup, constant screeching from the microphone, and the strobe light made it impossible for me to focus, and I had no choice but to shut down.  I learned to dissociate at will, at a command.  There still remains a command word that will cause me to dissociate.     I’m not sure where this event goes, but I recall being told to abuse another person, a little girl.  I don’t remember who.  I refused.  For my refusal, he cut my vagina with scissors.  A piece of my labia is missing and I have a bit of hanging tissue just inside of my vaginal canal that didn’t quite heal right.  He had a camera (this is why I am afraid to report anything that happened.  I'm scared he has material that would turn everything around on me.)  I feel like a horrid person.  :(  I feel like I deserve every bit of what I'm feeling right now.    Sometime after that incident I would be abused by a different person.  I assume only once?  There were times that he said inappropriate things to me as I started to "blossom" (I had a B cup in the fifth grade).  This would also be around the time my school found it was appropriate to teach about "bad touch" and I began to realize that my experiences with the prophet were NOT normal or okay.  I think I was around 10-11 when these incidences coincided (learning about bad touch and the following incident.)    The second abuser was the father of my childhood friend, we'll call her S.  S and I met in kindergarten and have been friends ever since.  We remain in touch to this day.  Her father was out of work due to an injury, her mother worked full time (often overtime) at a hospital.  I used to spend a lot of time at S's house, especially over the summer, sometimes entire weekends.  I remember one night I had trouble falling asleep.  S, her younger sister J, and our mutual friend K were all asleep on the living room floor.  We had been watching a movie together when they fell asleep, but I was watching the clock.  I've always had trouble sleeping.    S's father asked me if I wanted a backrub to help me fall asleep, and I told him that I wouldn't like one.  He stayed at his computer, and I felt vaguely uncomfortable with his presence.  I pretended to fall asleep so he wouldn't feel as if I needed to be supervised and leave the room.  Some time had passed... I don't remember how long because I was no longer watching the clock, I was sincerely trying to fall asleep.  I heard him get up from his chair, feet falling heavily on the floor.       He sat down next to me and began rubbing my back, as though I hadn't told him no in the first placeHis hands eventually wandered beneath my clothing.  There was no penetration at all, but I still feel filthy because of the touching.  The entire time, I continued to pretend to sleep.  I don't remember going home the next morning.  I don't remember anything about the rest of the night.        I started my period around age 11/12.  Not entirely sure where these events go chronologically, but they were recurring, so I suppose it doesn’t really matter.  Soon after starting my period, he would “check me” for purity.  “If it bleeds it breeds.”  He would put on gloves and “examine me” by looking, stretching, and probing to ensure that I was only allowing him to control that area.  This happened almost daily.       If he suspected that I had somehow disobeyed, he would punish me by shoving objects into me.  I remember him putting syringes filled with water into my urethra, putting pins through my labia, into my perineum, nipples… until he believed he got his point across.  He occasionally punished me with enemas (usually extreme temperatures) if he was unable to invest time in the aforementioned methods.  I was always tied down for punishments.      If he needed me while I was menstruating, he would shove a tampon into me and rape me anally.  It made no difference to him how I was feeling.    The prophet began getting closer to his "cronies".  This group of 3 men, 1 woman hung on his every word, including his "divinely inspired" personal writings.There was one day in particular he showed them how to purify themselves by "shedding" their sins onto me, in the same manner as he did.  I am not sure if I blame them or not.  He asked me to strip and "present" in the center of his office.  Numb and wordless, I did as he said.  I had gotten defiant a few weeks earlier.  He put me in ballet and started restricting food and sleep after that.  Dancers can't be fat.  I understand now that dance was a cover, the key to my continued submission was a combination of scare tactics and restriction of bodily needs.  I felt myself "disconnect" and "step away", it was almost as if I was watching them look at me, and watching myself observe them.  I can't describe the feeling adequately.  I closed my eyes.  I remember frantic prayers, hands around my throat, hands all over my body, confessions, tears, sweat, pain.  The prophet told them they were clean because they gave their sin to me. I was "brainwashed", in a way.  I didn't feel I could tell because of the prophet's status, the amount of trust others had in him, his connections in the community.  He was powerful, charismatic, generous... he had a face that screamed "trust me".  He was able to use his charisma to grow his "church" and his teachings.  Parts of his message he gave to the congregation, other, more explicit parts, only to his inner circle.     Soon after, my grandmother was diagnosed with ovarian cancer.  She passed away.  The prophet left.  I'm not sure what spawned this chain of events.  I remember a fight my uncle and his girlfriend accused him of stealing my grandmother's stuff, without going through it with them.  He was kicked out, his name was never on the house.I thought I was free.I wasn't.  I wouldn't be until age 16.  Those last 3-4 years are incredibly foggy.  I remember very little.  It's bothersome that I remembered the earlier events before being able to recall the later onesI am also realizing the involvement of a “doctor".Diagnosed with many conditions I've come to realize I don't have never talked with him face to face, he always stepped into the hall with Him to discuss what I needed.  Was diagnosed with asthma, chronic bronchitis, and was told that I wouldn't live to see 30.  After that, I got progressively sicker until I realized (with a lot of therapy and consensus of other doctors) that it was untrue.  My brain thought my body into being sick, until it would eventually just break down (the explanation I received as to why this would have been significant).  He was the dr I saw for everything.  Injuries, illnesses, everything.  I'm beginning to come to the conclusion that he was involved.  sorry for posting.  I hope it's okay that I told my story.
I'm at the stage where I have virtually no one close to me.  It's been a few years since my assault, and really, I don't know if I've ever been a good candidate for any sort of counseling, so, I just never did it.  I had a moment about 5 years ago, where everything inside of me just left.  I thought maybe I had died in the middle, heart and core of me, and that I'd just been marking time until my body caught up with that death.  I still function.  I work.  I earn.  I use those earnings to sustain life.  I do the basic things that people do.  But if I'm not doing those things, I'm doing almost nothing.  Unless endless games of solitaire are a thing.  Most importantly I do all these thing alone.  At this time, with everyone I ever knew out of my life, I thought maybe sharing what happened could lead me toward.. well, if not healing, maybe some sort of resolution and a more productive life.  I'll work on writing it out.  I can't do it tonight as I'm working (in a very intense health care environment), and I can't risk any sort of breakdown right now.  But when I have a night where it doesn't matter... I'll write about it.
I was date raped, or something, almost 8 years ago. I’m still not sure what to call it.It's a long story but here we go.i met Johnny at union pool through everyone else i knew in Williamsburg, where I lived at the timewith Anthony.  He seemed nice enough and we talked about chess and stuff because I ran a fencing and chess program and he taught chess to kids too. He was always buying people drinks and taking off his clothes and it kind of grossed me out but everyone loved him because he was so generous.You have to bear in mind that we only knew him because at some point he was standing next to my friend Pete and they started talking. That's how he came to the board/our circle of friends eventually - nobody knew him or knew of him prior.He was way too touchy feely. You'd go to kiss his cheek hello and he'd try to stick his tongue in yourmouth, stuff like that. i was always telling him off. He was always complaining of being a virgin still, I think he was about 25.One time i was standing in boulevard with my friend Craig, when he was still alive. Johnny was gripping Craig's arm so tight that i was like 'keep your hands to yourself man you're hurting him'. his exact words were 'I don't know how to control myself. I jack off multiple times a day and I'm still so frustrated. Eventually, one of you is going to have to take one for the team'Think about what that means.I told him to learn some self control.One night I am at home drinking with Anthony. We had some wine. I was tipsy but not wasted. I rode my bike to the bar my friend worked at to meet people. Johnny was there and he bought me a drink.I don't remember anything else so now I defer to my friends who were there. I drank there with these people all the time. They knew what kind of drunk I was. Afterwards, every one of them said I was 'not myself' . Apparently, I was unconscious for a while. I couldn't really walk or talk properly. They gave me two pints of iced coffee and threw water on me. I can drink A LOT. But this night I was so out of it I couldn't ride home. Bill and Johnny did rock paper scissors to see who would walk me and my bike home. Bill 'won' but Johnny asked for best of three. He got to walk me home.According to Johnny's statement to the police i held a normal conversation with people we passed on the way home but according to them I was not right and I just wandered away. This is kind of important because according to the law if I can walk I am able to say 'no' and mean it.Here's some pm back and forwards the day afterOn August 30th, 2006 @ 3:28:06 pm, scout said:when you saw me at cyn on monday what state was I in? Who did I leave with?On August 30th, 2006 @ 3:29:07 pm, adamdiy said:You were quite tated. I left before you did, however. What happened!On August 30th, 2006 @ 3:29:42 pm, scout said:I don't know.  I don't remember anything at all.On August 30th, 2006 @ 3:30:14 pm, adamdiy said:Did you get roofied or something!? I’ve never seen you like thatAnyway, i don't remember anything else. I woke up naked when the door slammed. I had no idea how I  got home. I was completely confused and a lot of time seemed to be missing.I found underwear on my floor, male underwear. I didn't know what to think, I even asked Anthony if they were his, in case they got mixed up with my laundry. They were obviously way too big. I found Johnny’s  ID under my bed.And then i lost it.I went to work. This may seem ridiculous. I am always the first person to go off about victims of sexual assault not going straight to get checked out. I didn't shower, but I went to work because I didn't want to lose my crappy shift work coffee shop job.  And on my afternoon off, I went to the hospital.In the meantime i exchanged pm's with Johnny:On August 30th, 2006 @ 4:29:19 pm, scout said:I need to talk to you about the other night, i don't remember what happened. Please tell me what happened.On August 30th, 2006 @ 4:31:25 pm, jonathan said:I walked you home. Put you in your bed. You went to sleep and I went back to the bar. Right?On August 30th, 2006 @ 4:36:51 pm, scout said:Is that right? I don't know. Why are there underwear here?On August 30th, 2006 @ 4:40:12 pm, jonathan said:are you serious?On August 30th, 2006 @ 4:40:38 pm, scout said:yes I am.jonathan sent this on August 30th, 2006 @ 4:43:26 pmOk, well I guess it's obvious then.i responded that i needed him to explain what that meant, because i was getting scared (outgoing messages didn't auto-save then) and he didn't reply.Notice he tried to lie.At this point in time i was dating someone that i really liked. i told him what had happened, and he told me that if I wanted to tell him I'd CHEATED on him, I should just come out and say it. I never spoke to him again.I also talked to Anthony about it a lot. Anthony was very concerned about a lot of things.The fact that Anthony's door was right next to mine, and he'd slept with it open. If me and Johnny had come back and been normal noisy drunk people  as he helped me bring in my bike, we'd have woken him up. Perhaps this is a good time to mention that Johnny does not drink. Anthony never heard a thing. This suggests I was still out of it and Johnny put me to bed, and got in with me, real quietly. He also pointed out that nobody knows Johnny really. He lives on the upper west side and just suddenly drops out of the sky and joins our group. He throws his money around and buys people's favour. We don't even know his last name (well until I found the ID).We talked a lot about how terrified I was to accuse him, because I honestly couldn't remember ANYTHING, not even after a few days with people trying to help me piece it together. I have never not remembered the next day when someone tells me I’m usually like 'oh YEAH I do remember that'. even now, after hearing his story from the cops, I remember nothing. It was an incredibly surreal experience to hear what had happened to me from a third party. I was also scared because he was so popular, and I wasn't, and i could only IMAGINE what it would turn into, how people would judge and take sides. He worked with kids and I didn't want to accuse someone and ruin their livelihood. It was really hard. But I needed to go to hospital, so I did. And I went through all the poking and prodding and then they told me they couldn't do a roofie tox screen unless I reported it. So I got to go to the station in the back of a car. It was so horrible. I don't even want to talk about what the cops were like to me. They treated me like i was a whore.At the time Johnny was staying with my friend Laura because he’d just come back from the world chess championships or something.  I showed them his photo and gave them the address and they took him in for questioning.Basically now it splits into my story and what Johnny told the cops.He told the cops i invited him in for sex. So we had missionary position, unprotected sex. And he told them after we did it, he wanted to return to our friends at the bar, and i asked him to stay and do itagain. He declined, and left me in bed. According to him it was my idea.This is where it gets difficult, because I don't know if I said that.I might have. I do not know. But I DO know that he was SOBER. And he ought to have known that someone who could barely stand up was not in the right mind to say yes and mean it. He took advantage of that. Also what kind of person enjoys casual consensual sex and then runs away leaving their underwear and ID behind?Whether it's rape or sexual assault or nothing at all, it's predatory behaviour. The law is very hard in this situation. They didn't have enough proof that I DIDN'T say yes, so they couldn't pursue it. I leftthe tox screen test too long. It came back inconclusive.I sent him thisOn September 5th, 2006 @ 9:58:02 am, scout said:Let me tell you how it was for me.I woke up a week ago with no idea what I had done since the drink you bought me at cyn. I stumbled  around my apartment trying to piece things together and then i saw your fucking underwear and found your ID and realised what must have happened.  I went to work in a daze. I felt disgusting. I could only imagine that i had in some way encouraged you because I did not want to think the absolute worst. But I needed to understand why you would take advantage of that, if that was the case. You must have KNOWN I wasn't myself. I'm the person who tries to turn her cheek to you whenever you try to force a kiss on the lips. You KNOW that i would never ever willingly sleep with you if I was in my RIGHT STATE OF MIND. So I asked you., and you fed me some cryptic bullshit. I told you I was scared, and you didn't reply. So I went to the hospital because I called the rape crisis line at the advice of my friends, and they told me I needed HIV tests and a rape kit and the morning after pill and std shots because let's face it - you weren't giving me any answers. So I spent a day in the hospital having holes drilled into me and getting every fucking hole I possess scraped and prodded. Not fun,  but necessary, because who the fuck really knows you? I don't. You dropped out of the sky one day and ingrained yourself into our social group and you play fucking POKER for a living. In short you're a professional LIAR. You could be anyone. So they also did a tox screen because the way the night appeared to ME was a perfect case of being roofied and I couldn't have the results processed unless the police became involved. So they did. That wasn't a lot of fun either, to be honest none of this has been. The day in the AIDS clinic and the 5 hours in the crime victim's bureau waiting for thousands of dollars of checks to pay for anti HIV medicine that makes me SHIT MY PANTS, not the best way to spend the only day off I had.Now this is the interesting part because you told the cops I was walking and talking and just fine. Everyone else from that night said I was passed out, incoherent, and unable to take care of myself which is why you stepped in. even Alix, who doesn't like me, said I did not 'stop and chat' at Clems, I looked wildly around and kept walking. I wasn't myself. I had two pints of coffee at the bar just to bring me round. Remember that? That's what everyone else saw. And they ALL saw the same thing. everyone of them remarked that I was acting 'unusually drunk' for me, and that's saying a lot because these are my drinking buddies. Another interesting part is that even when the detective took me through what had happened, in graphic detail, I didn't remember it. Usually if I drink enough to forget a few things, if someone prompts me, I remember right away. Those hours are STILL a mystery to me. I only have what other people tell me to go on. That's not normal. Basically, whether or not you committed a 'crime' is irrelevant. You fucked me when I was so drunk I apparently had no idea what I was doing. A friend would have laughed and put me to bed to sleep it off. He would not have jumped in with me. What you did was wrong. You don't even drink. You were stone cold fucking sober and you took advantage of my weakness and that makes you a fucking predator. You disgust me, you disgust everyone who knows, and you need to stay the fuck away from us.and he repliedjonathan sent this on September 5th, 2006 @ 11:54:29 amNicky, I am very sorry. I didn't take into account your true feelings at the time, because by the way you were acting I felt that you genuinely wanted to be with me. I don't want to make everything shitty, so I'll keep away from you. I really regret everything and I hope you can one day forgive me.Deep down, I am a good person and I allowed my loneliness to cloud my judgement. I will try my best to respect your wishes.The cops called me to tell me they couldn't press charges. The detective told me that it might not mean anything to me, but that after questioning him, they believed me. They said there was something 'not right' but that the law couldn't help me because it was very strict. They said that he might well 'do it again' and that hopefully that time there would be a stronger case, more evidence.I never saw him again until Craig's memorial, where he hogged the limelight and then locked eyes with me from the other side of the crowd. He made his way over and stood at my shoulder, knowing I knew he was there. It was very scary.How ironic that Craig dedicated his time to right rides, walking drunk girls home to keep them safe, and that Johnny walked a drunk girl home and lost his virginity to her while she was blacked out. I also couldn't bring myself to look at his myspace in order to remove him, eventually I did and saw that, over a year later, he still had me in his top 4 friends. It's creepy.There's no 'side' to take here, this is all fact. It's down to semantics. What would you call it? Is it a crime? Apparently not, because I was capable of walking. Is it unprecedented? No. severalpeople have told me he was inappropriate to them. Other people think he is lovable and harmless. He might be the former, but he is not the latter. He's capable of taking advantage.I guess I need to reiterate, once again, that I never showed an interest in him. The latter, in fact. I showed him how  I thought he was disgusting MANY TIMES.  I have drank a lot and made bad decisions before, and woken up and been all 'oof we shouldn't have done that'. But not this time. This was different. i didn't make that choice. It was made for me,  and I honestly believe someone else will suffer the same or worse. I dunno if this guy is a harmless idiot who made a bad decision or if I am a huge drunk slut who deserves what she gets or whether the law is right or wrong or whether he's actually a predator, think/decide what you want. All that concerns me now is that someone else doesn't have to sit on a gurney having her mouth scraped for pubic hair or shit her pants after spending over $2000 on anti-aids virus meds. It's not nice. It was one of the worst times of my life and the reason I moved back to England for 3 months and left behind a lot of my friends. I couldn't bear seeing people interact with him. I knew people judged me. I  lashed out at everyone because I assumed they would take his side. I treasure the few people who told him exactly what they think, and continue to do so. Many people didn’t. I became that girl who ‘tried to ruin his life’. I was ‘white trash’. I wasn’t believed, and am still not. I’ve written to warn women about him, women like me who post on the same board as him and let him take them out to dinner, and I’ve been told to go fuck myself.Oof, that’s a lot. I’m sorry. I needed to get it off my chest. I haven’t had any help or counselling with this and every so often, some nitwit will post his photo on facebook or talk about how great he is for being on tv so much. I can’t deal with that. I always say something. He’s still around.
Alone my nightmare unfolds trapped within my soul.I hide from the past I ache to leave behind.Everything happened so fast yet the memories stand fast.The hurt was so bare do I go on do I dare?The violation continues long after deed be done.Over and over again O to make an end.I cut away the days and yet much to my dismay I cannot cut them all away.I am trapped in my terror with no one to believe will this end never?
I've never posted here, put I've read through it for a while, hoping for guidance. Me and my boyfriend have both been raped. My rapist was never found. I knew nothing about him, it was a complete stranger. It happened to me last November, and me and my boyfriend have been working through it since then. It's especially hard since he is not knew to the experience of rape. Unlike my case, my boyfriend knew his rapist. It took the DA four years to finally indict the man who did this to him. So, now, four years later, my boyfriend, let's call him Jack, has a court date coming up. it's really hard on jack because he has already struggled with flashbacks, nightmares, and instability since it happened, and now he has to relive it again. His rapist's family has money, and extremely good lawyers. The DA told my boyfriend's mom that the lawyer they have defending his rapist is notorious for digging up dirt on the victim and making them appear untrustworthy, and has had success with this approach in past cases. Jack found out recently that they've also hired a private investigator. This is really hard because Jack is going into this court case with the impression that he's going to lose, and watch his rapist walk free. and Jack will have to relive it while being accused of making it up. Jack has a history of drug abuse, and mental illness, that will only work against him as being an "unreliable" person. I'm just so scared. I don't know what to do. I don't know how to help Jack or cope with anything myself. I just don't want to see my boyfriend have to go through all of it, especially if he'll end up worse than before. When it happened to him, they said if he gave a video testimony, then he wouldn't have to appear in court, but now that he is eighteen things have changed I guess. I just don't know how to deal with this upcoming court case. I wish it would all go away. It just tears me apart. And I know Jack is suffering immensely. 
My ex and I were together from ages 16-20. It was not a healthy relationship. He was always really controlling and pushy, though sometimes things were good. It's hard to describe. One of those passionate roller coaster things where you're too young to know that this level of angst isn't normal.I was 18 when he kept pushing for sex. He pushed me into every sexual act we did-- basically me saying "no" ten times and then finally saying yes. Over the course of a year we went back and forth about the sex thing, with him insisting on it and me saying I didn't want to for various reasons. I was a virgin. One night, we were messing around and he said he wanted to have sex, and I said no. He began screaming, throwing things, etc and generally flipping out and I went silent. He had sex with me, taking my passiveness for consent I guess, but partway through I was sobbing hysterically because it hurt so much. He didn't stop though and finished.The aftermath was weird. I didn't want anything to do with him but I felt "ruined" like no one would ever want me after that, so I stayed with him. He really wanted to get married and I sort of agreed. I was deep in a depressive state and suicidal and it was finally when I got a therapist to deal with my other issues that I was able to see the light and dump him.He acted like a psycho after so I blocked him and don't speak to him at all. After we broke up I had nightmares for years. Once in a while I will think I've seen him somewhere and my heart will stop and it takes me a minute to recover.I am in therapy and it's only recently that I started to recognize how fucked up that sexual experience was. I never considered it "rape" but through talking to my therapist she said it's at the very least coercive sex.The thing is, my ex still comes up at times, with the odd family member, friends, and old mutual friends. I still have a lot of bad feelings towards him and sometimes people will say things like "why are you so bitter? It's been years!" But I admit it had taken me a long time to move on, mostly due to this one sexual experience which was really traumatic for me. I've only had sex (in a good way thank goodness) with one other person since him.Is it worth telling anyone what happened in any detail? Or is this something better kept to myself?
This post is going to be very long, but I will put a summary at the bottom if anyone doesn’t want to read it all. Sorry if it seems strange, I’m going through a bunch of stress and I mainly need to just vent. If anyone has any advice, please reply or PM me (Thank you in advance). I haven’t told anyone the full story to any of the times I was raped, not my SO or therapist. That’s why I decided to make a throwaway account, because my friends have my reddit username and I don’t want any of them to see this. It would just be embarrassing and I already feel disgusting. So here goes…My brother was the first to “introduce” me to sex, when I was around 10 or 11 (He was around 16 or 17). I was really obsessed with Sonic the Hedgehog and I asked him if he could play a game with me. He said something along the lines of “Only if I get something in return.” I thought nothing of it and agreed. We started playing, in his room, because my mom had ‘company’ over (it was her drug dealer for her daily dose of meth). At this point he started touching my butt, saying that it looked nice and I just froze (I had some experience with touchy men because of my mother’s addiction). I told him to stop after a couple seconds, that he was my brother and shouldn’t touch me there. He moved to sit up and he dug his hands into my hips and pulled me closer to him. I kicked and yelled, knowing that my mother was somewhere in the house but there was no answer. He started to laugh and put his hands down my pants. I couldn’t get him off and he eventually got tired of me fighting so he tied my hands and flipped me back onto my stomach. He penetrated me and I screamed as loud as I could and begged but he didn’t stop. It wasn’t until a couple minutes of me crying that he finished.. inside me. Luckily, my mother decided that she couldn’t handle me and my ‘episodes’ of crying and yelling around my brother and she shipped me off to my Godparents. I didn’t tell them because my brother said that no one would believe me and they would hate me for it. I stayed quiet about it all my life and never told anyone until now. Fast forward to when I was 14, I was living with my mother again (my brother was off somewhere). I was better than before, I had friends but I still had this lingering depression and anxiety around people. One of my friends, let’s call him X. X really liked me but he scared me. His family was similar to mine (drug and alcohol problems, abuse, etc.) and I knew to stay away from him. X wouldn’t leave me alone. He kept asking for me to be his girlfriend and I would always say no. He would get very angry but would usually get over it. After he put his hands on me once, I ignored him like the plague. I didn’t want to put myself in that position again. A few weeks later, I was meeting my (still) best friend at the gas station a little further than a block from me. We always called or texted each other on the way to our meetings. I’m going to call him G from now on. I told G I was leaving and started walking down the road. I had my butterfly knife on me and in reach. I was passing through a dark path of no streets lamps when I was grabbed from behind. Something was covering my mouth and nose, I couldn’t breathe and my screams were muffled. The guy (probably ~18-19) dragged me from the sidewalk to a little alley like part between houses and tapped my mouth shut. My mind was racing, I kept trying to get to my knife but he kept ripping my clothes off. He violently raped me. It was the worst pain I had ever felt, and I could feel a piece of my soul die as I laid there crying but frozen. When he finished (out of me luckily), he said the words that always run through my mind. “X said you were a better fuck than that. No wonder he got tired of you and said I could have a taste.” With that he just walks away. After a minute or two, I go into flight mode. I grabbed my phone and my knife and ran, mostly naked down the road until I got a good distance away. I called G, sobbing and told him I needed help. He told me to call the police but I said no. After that I saw him running down the street and I yelled for him, just trying to hold my body up. I felt sick to my stomach. I could feel the guy’s semen drying on my stomach and chest and the burning between my thighs increased with each step. G helped me through that. He helped me take a bath and get changed before making me tea. He stayed with me that night and helped me through school the next day. He’s the reason why I did not kill myself that night. I honestly thought about it a lot that night but he helped me through it. I was 15 when G got a boyfriend, I had known before that he was gay even if he never told me. I think that’s why I felt so comfortable with him. Around when I was 16, G’s boyfriend, K, needed a place to stay for a bit. I told him he could stay at my house, because my mother spent all our money for her daily high so she was barely lucid. K and I ended up bonding really well and I thought he was a really nice guy. G was always at my house so I was happier. I wasn’t as lonely or depressed. I felt comfortable changing in front of both of them and didn’t really think of it until one night. K, who I thought was gay this whole time, started touching me when I was asleep. I stayed “asleep” for a couple seconds to make sure that’s what was happening because I would have nightmares about the times before. I “woke” up, expecting him to stop but he didn’t. He just said that he loved my body and that he needed this. I started to cry and I reached for my phone but he got it and threw it. With my phone shattered, my will also shattered. I knew what was going to happen and my body literally could not move to help in any way. I froze again, terrified of what was going to happen. He forced me to give him oral sex and said if I bit that he would beat me to death. After a while, he said that I wasn’t good but that I still might be able to satisfy him. I kept saying no but he pulled my pants and underwear down. He raped me, vaginally and anally. He did this until I went to my Godparents during the Summer. I told them and they called the police. We ended up going back to the area my mother lived and stayed in a hotel. They ended up arresting him, keeping him for about a week. They didn’t charge him because of his age and the fact that K had said that I agreed to it but then got scared because of G (I hadn’t told G at this point because I didn’t want him to feel bad. I ended up telling him that K and I had sex, but I didn’t tell him he raped me. They ended up breaking up and G never spoke to him again. G also said that he had to take a ‘break’ from me to clear his head because he was angry but he also ‘understood’). I ended up finding my current SO, M, and he has helped me through a lot of this. I only told him about the second time I got raped and he was very understanding. He said that he knew a bunch of fucked up stuff happened in my life and was just waiting for me to tell him. He’s a really nice guy and I’m able to actually have sexual relations with him that I enjoy but I still have really bad nightmares. When it gets really bad I tend to self harm and then that in turn makes him feel bad. He works all day and the has college classes straight afterwards so I don’t like bothering him in the middle of the night or while he’s at work/college. I tend to bottle up most of my feelings and then self harm. He always asks what to do to help but I don’t even know. I was able to hold a job and be in college until this past semester. I had to drop out and quit my job because the stress was too much. I just don’t know what to say to him when he asks if I need anything. (I’m already trying to get back to seeing my therapist because I have schizophrenia, bpd, major depression, and ptsd, but it’s hard because all of his money goes to rent/bills).TLDR; I was raped three times, the last guy did it over the course of a full year. I told my SO about one of the times, but not all of them. He tells me to let him know how he can help me but I can never think of anything. I usually bottle up my feelings and then self harm. Edit: Sorry for the wall of text
it's approaching the third anniversary of the night i was raped (first penis that was ever inside me) and it comes in waves of emotion. sometimes i can go days without thinking about it and i feel like it should have been more traumatic and maybe it was because i don't talk mucn about it but i don't even remember his name, we were just drunk and high at a frat party and i don't know how to feel even now. i threw myself to the wind after and was pretty promiscuous (not slut shaming) and even contracted and sti i don't know how to even dig through this and it's been years i feel like it doesn't matter anymore and i have bigger issues but maybe repressing it hasn't been the best move
So as the title suggests, yesterday was my last day at my old job.  I was a server/pubkeep at a fairly upscale restaurant, and I was fortunate to work with a seemingly endless supply of incredible people.  I'm moving to a new city for my new job as a nutritionist about ~3 hours away, and drinks at our favorite bar is all but mandatory for people moving on to "bigger and better things," which is a common occurrence.  The night was great, some friends gave me a ride there because it was guaranteed that I would be annihilated drunk, and I definitely was.  I went from zero to fucked up very quickly.  So after puking my guts up I emerged from the restroom to find my jolly colleagues closing tabs and hailing Ubers, and one of the girls who had driven me to the bar and who I am very close to reassured me that she had been good for a while and would drive me home.  This is where my memory goes from fuzzy to downright patchy.  All I remember of the short drive home was her mentioning that she needed to come upstairs to use the bathroom.  After that I think I was showing her some new clothes I bought?  I know she wanted to see a new bow-tie I had told her about.  I know that I collapsed on the bed and kept rolling over on my side to grab any clothes off the floor that I had acquired on my recent shopping trip.  I don't remember it starting at any point, I just know that at some point during this she laid down with me and the kissing started.  We've kissed while drunk before.  I know for a fact I've been blackout drunk and kissed her before, in the presence of some mutual friends no less.  This is something that I have instigated while drunk, and I could have been the one to instigate it last night.  The notable detail about the last time this happened is that I apologized profusely the next morning and she was completely fine with it, and even a little bit happy, it seemed.  It's clear that she has had some feelings for me that I probably galvanized by kissing her the first time.  But it is also now clear to me that her taking me home and having a reason to enter my apartment was anything but coincidence.  I have distinct memories of very key moments that stand out.  She had me remove my shirt.  She removed her shirt and bra.  I put her hand on my penis.  My pants and underwear came off.  She asked if I had condoms, and I told her I didn't.  She kept repeating that I was only doing this because I was drunk, right?  She needed to hear me say that this was what I wanted, despite the fact that for the longest time we saw each other at least once a week outside work just the two of us and I made no advances of the sort.  She kept asking why haven't we hooked up before, why has this not happened between us yet.  The last thing I remember is that she gave me oral sex, and the rest is blackness.  Not that it really matters, but at no point during all of this did I climax.  I don't need that piece of information to justify how I'm feeling about all this, but I didn't want to leave out any details.She was not there this morning when I woke up.  I remember from earlier in the night she mentioned that she had a plane to catch early in the morning.  Her text to me this morning read "Hi, how are you feeling" - which I found to be a bit of a striking change of tone from her usual "yaaaasss hubby how are you" (hubby was a nickname she used when we worked together, she always referred to me as her work husband).  I just feel confused and hurt and gross about it all.  I feel like I was taken advantage of.  I feel like her needing to use my restroom and her backup reason that she wanted to see my new bow-tie (of all reasons to give) shows a very calculated and predatory sequence of events.  The funny thing is before I got this new job and put my two weeks in, I was on a complete hiatus from drinking, for dietary reasons.  She knew I was a shoe-in for this job and she reiterated on no less than three occasions that "at least some" drinking would have to be in order if I got the job because "we drink to our accomplishments."  It was always those words.  I just can't shake the thought that she has been planting the seeds for what happened last night for weeks now.  She knows that when I drink, I seldom do it in moderation.  It's usually one extreme or the other.  She knows from personal experience that I, like most people, become remarkably more frisky when I'm drunk.  I've known her for 18 months now and I can say with reasonable certainty that for at least some period of time she has been working towards the goal of getting me drunk and attempting to sleep with me.  That probably sounds beyond paranoid to the four or five people that are reading this but hey, I'm writing this to get it it out of my system anyways.  But I think I'm going to be okay moving on.  I went to lunch with two of my absolute closest friends who were incredibly supportive, one surprised me with a story of a similar experience.  I am far from alone.  And this weekend I'll be relaxing with friends on the beach.  I can't think of a better setting to calm my mind and just let myself feel everything that I need to feel right now, and to be completely honest with myself so that I can put one foot in front of the other and move past this.  
Hello,I don't know how to put this, but I'll try my best... ( just been in tears and probably will be again, my heart is breaking )...Okay I met my girlfriend really randomly, didin't even expect that I was gonna fall inlove any time soon, as I was being single for like 4-5 years, because last time once one girl been cheated on me, I said to myself I won't get inlove with someone again, but here we go...Anyway been dating my girlfriend for about month now and only week ago, I find out she's been raped few years ago.I'm one of those persons, that seeking for help, instead blaming her or showing my anger, and etc. I love her to bits and I'll do for her anything, the thing is that I never been in situation like this and I feel helpless, useless and I want to help her, but don't know how.The problem I have is I'm really touchy, love holding her hand, kissing, giving cuddles, but she doesn't like that, cause of her past and NOPE there is no sex at all and I understand that, but what breaks my heart is that she love me really a lot and I love her too, but she just can't give back all those simple things like I do, she said that she just can't and it's really breaking my heart, I want best for her, but how can I help her?I also had a chat that I love her and etc. ( and she said that she won't give me all those things for ex. like hugs, cuddles and etc.) and I went in tears... I don't know just trying my best, I never push her too much, I don't want to shut her down or making everything worse, she's just not touchy at all and she told me, that she wants all that, but she just can't, cause of the past.Just please some advice how to deal with that and break the ice, what I mean is I want hug her, give her a kiss, hold her hand, give cuddles and obviously I want same from her, but it's just doesn't seem going to happen at all, it's really hard and I'm trying my like REALLY BEST, telling her I love you and etc., just don't know what can I do...I really love her and I can feel she's the only one... Please advice/help... What can I improve, what can I do better...How can I help her, please anyone....I want best for her and she deserves the best...P.S Yes she had professional help, when this happend... P.S.S She also was in court when it happend all that.
Throwaway because no one knows about this.Hi. I don't know what to do with my life and I don't think I've ever been in a slump as big as this before. I grew up in an abusive family. My mom used to discipline me mainly by hitting me and yelling at me. My siblings weren't the nicest and were bullies, presumably due to a huge age difference (7-8 years). My dad was not there a lot when I was a child.I was raped as a child by my dad multiple times. It'd start off as what is known as 'grooming' and one night, escalated to penetration. I'll never forget that period in my life. He works overseas and only saw my family four times a year, and it gradually became twice, and then once. At that time, I was 11-12. My mom had just found out that he cheated on her and was suicidal. She slit her wrists and I had to be the one to take care of her.My siblings did not care, and neither did my dad. I did not have a room, and still do not have one. I slept in my parents' bedroom. It hurt to see my mom wail like a kid, even if she was abusive, it hurt.. and to see your dad pretending like he's asleep, and that she's not even there right next to her. I was having major exams back then too and I had to stay up. I don't know. All that information hitting you out of a sudden, that your family isn't what you think it is, that the people who are supposed to love you aren't who they really are. It was a dark time for me.My dad has always been a little too touchy. We had playfights where he would 'wrestle' me and hold my arms down. He'd smooch all over my face and neck and his touch would linger too long in places that he shouldn't. It was subtle, it probably isn't what grooming is but no one said a thing. He did this in front of family and friends and no one said a thing.The night he first raped me was a few nights after he'd taken my mom outside and hit the shit out of her. He was drunk. He broke a toe, I thought that was funny. He was drunk that night too. I was in my (their) room and it happened. I don't remember much and I blocked those memories out but it hurt. It hurt a lot. No one was home, and no one was ever home. My mom was out drinking when it happened. I didn't try to stop him after struggling for a bit and I remember crying a lot.He assured me that this is fine. That if I still wanted him to love me, that it's what I have to do. But that's coming from a man who's told me that my sister's the golden child, and that I'm lackluster. I don't think I felt clean for a long time after and I showered very frequently after that. I'd let the hot water burn my skin and I'd feel strangely numb. The shower was my safe haven until it happened again. He raped me in the shower that time, and it moved onto the bed.Needless to say, I didn't do as well in the exams as I thought I would have. Still above average but my mom was disappointed of me. I was fed lies by my dad and rebelled against my mom. She hit me, and I hit her back. It was a dark time. I left home, and had to rely on Internet strangers' 'kindness'. Being fondled, touch, in return for a place to stay. I think that really put the idea that being sexual with men is a good thing. That you can get what you want, that they'll love you for it. Eventually, I returned home 2 months after a police report was made and everything was horrible. I went back to school, and dropped out. Sometime in between that, I began to self-harm. I can only assume that I learnt it from my mother. I began therapy and it did not help. I refused to tell them anything. I'd pretend like it was all because of my parents' separation, and part of it probably is because of it but the idea of my mom knowing, of her breaking and feeling like she's even more inadequate, and the shame.. I kept it a secret.I fell back into the patterns of having sex with different, older men. I was fat and I wanted the attention of men so I slept with them. Even if they didn't call me back, I'd look for more. I met someone abusive when I was 14-15. He was nearing his early 20s then. I stayed with him for a long time, and it was fine at first. Anything was better than being home, and this guy loved me. It escalated and one day, it started. I never stopped him and I let him. It went on for probably a year and a half. I'd get bruised in places that no one can see. The sickest thing of all was that I enjoyed it and thought I deserved it. I probably do now to an extent, I'm not sure. I don't blame him. I left one day, don't remember why. I just never went back to him.I stayed home a lot then. I had no friends, I had no education. I had nothing. I dropped self harming and instead, picked up a new obsession. I obsessed with my weight and dropped about 60 lbs in three months. I was finally not fat anymore.On the forth month, I decided to use OKCupid after I turned 16, disguising as an 18 year old. The legal age here to have consensual sex is 16, and I didn't want anyone to get into trouble so.. yeah. I met this guy, he was amazing. He's everything that I'm not. He was similarly awkward, but he was so different. He's smart, he's in a perfect family. He was perfect. I never thought I deserved him. On the first date, I was desperate to get with him. Again, with the sexual validation and made out with him. I offered him a blowjob, and he rejected it. Again, on the second date. We went on many more dates before finally having sex. I never waited that long. It was so.. different. He was so different.We became long-distance less than 2 months into the relationship as he had to leave for University. He's from the UK and I'm not. It was unexpected, he thought he was going to Uni the following year but okay. We decided to do it and it was terrible. He went clubbing a lot and met a lot of people. I would obsess over the thoughts of him leaving me for someone better. I'm Asian, and I thought he'd leave me for this slimmer, more athletic white girl. I was insecure. I didn't think this was going to last. It's a matter of time before he moved on.I began to send nudes to this guy I took walks with. I met him before my ex and it was completely platonic. I don't know why I sent him nudes one day, but I assumed it was because I was insecure and needed validation. I sent him the nudes that I took for my ex, to get a pass that they were hot before sending them to my ex. We never had sexual talks, just me sending nudes and him rating them.My ex found out when he came back in December. I don't hide things very well. He gave me a chance but it wasn't the same. He was young, he liked to go out. I tried to make it work and I'd put in a lot of effort but he'd go out a lot without talking to me. I was confused. I later found out that from January onward, that he'd flirt with 2 girls and lead one on. He invited her into his room but didn't do anything. I don't know if I believe him but he's never given me a reason to distrust him. His mom's cheated on his dad and I really do not think that he'd do anything like that to me.We became quite distant and would argue a lot. I told him about the fact that we rarely ever talked anymore and that he needed to put in effort, otherwise, it's not long before someone else takes me away from him. Nothing really improved. I cheated on him, for validation, whatever, I don't know. I didn't think we were going to make it. I needed to feel like I was wanted. So I cheated. They're no excuses. I was enamored by the excitement, by the feeling that I was finally wanted again, that someone liked me enough to have sex with me. He got suspicious and broke it off. We saw each other in the Summer of 2015 (July) and dated again. I didn't know when to tell him. I didn't know if I should have told him. He also found out my real age around that time and didn't mind.We eventually changed for the better. I was still insecure. I didn't think his family liked me very much. I wasn't very well to do, and he was the opposite. His parents care about status a lot, and his sister seems to resent the fact that I took up his time. I tried not to care about that and I tried to get closer to them in December 2015. It went okay. His mom'd have probably still preferred a rich and slim girl.We only saw each other for around a week on that trip and I made a plan to go to the UK to see him and I did! I requested for 250 GBP (300-ish USD) from my dad each month, in the guise of my studies and spent around 2500 GBP to see him for 2 months. It was great, probably the best time I've ever had in my life. I never felt more alive, and that is an understatement. When I came back, the life literally got sucked out of me. He made me the happiest, and it was around that time that we realized what we wanted. I blocked out my past, and I was determined to make it work.He found out about me cheating about 10 days ago. I almost jumped off a building. I was that close. I remember standing on the edge without any support and closing my eyes for a few good minutes. It felt like hours. I looked back on my life and realized I haven't fought enough. That I wanted to fight for myself and it's almost as if I was on auto-pilot, I climbed off the ledge after being there for an hour and a half and went back home. I broke down and told my mom about my suicide episode. I decided to fuck it all and to get my education.Which brings us to the present. My ex has been helping me through work and stuff, and he plans to tutor me when he gets back. I've been emailing my dad about my courses' fees and the conversation has gone sexual (ha). My dad wants to see me on the 7th next month to 'discuss things' and my ex plans on returning early for the Summer to go with me. My dad said that I have to prove that I'm serious about my studies and has since made a lot of sexual implications. My ex is pushing me to sue him for money. He says I have a lot of evidence against him. But I can't do that. He has a family -- a kid, and another one coming up. They're innocent. My sister's just had a baby and is reliant on my dad too.It's been wearing me down a lot and memories that I've been suppressing have been coming up every fucking minute that I'm awake. I feel like if I could die from this, I would. The guilt of hurting my ex, the inability to do things right, and now the objectification from my own dad. I don't know if I can do this for long. I don't know who to talk to. I've been updating my ex on things but I don't think I should. He deserves to be let off. He doesn't need to be around me. I'm tired of my inability but I don't know who to turn to about my dad.I self harmed last week and could not go to the doctor's as per my mom's wishes. We fear that they might make me go through therapy again and I don't think we can afford that. I don't think I need it. I self harmed again two days ago. I've no clue what I'm doing. Even during the period of time that I put down the razor for years, I hit myself from time to time as punishment. I bruise myself. All those times I felt stuffed, like I'm about to explode yet numb at the same time.My dad just sent me an email saying he has pictures of me when I was younger. I've yet to reply. I assume they're sexual photos. His wife is currently pregnant and isn't having sex with him, so he's using me to getoff. He sent me another picture of his ejaculation and his penis.I changed my e-mail's password because I don't want to bring my ex down anymore and he's been asking me to give it to him. That I'll do something stupid and he has to keep an eye on me. He says he'll leave if I don't give my password to him. (Update: I gave it to him anyway. And he says if I'm smart, if I'm not naive anymore, that I'll sue him and get the money and life that I deserve. I still do not want that. I don't think I ever will. I just want to get my education without ruining lives.)I'm not sure what to do, or how to reply to my dad. I can't tell anyone. I can't jeopardize his family or my family but I'm starting to tear. I can't do this for long. I'm so tired of having panic attacks and feeling like I've disappointed everyone. I'm tired of trying to understand why he's only doing this to me. I'm tired of being tired. What should I do? Please help me. I'm so tired. Please. I just want to feel able and to get my education. I just want to experience the life I've never had. I just want to be normal.
I'm working with a therapist to recover repressed memories from several years ago, and it's looking very much like I was raped as a kid. But I'm pretty sure I still have a hymen (it could have torn, not sure, but it definitely didn't break entirely). Does this mean I was not raped?This is really messing me up. Every sign is pointing to the idea that I WAS raped...except for my hymen. If someone could shed some light on this I'd appreciate it.In the recovered memory, I was penetrated with fingers only, not a penis or anything else.
I was raped almost a year ago. I was 19 years old, (I just turned 20 3 days ago) and married to a marine. We had been married for about 6 months and we were living on base housing. This particular night, my husband had 24 hour duty so I was home alone all day and night.I had 2 small pomeranian dogs that barked at everything. It was around 11pm and I was sitting on our couch in the living room watching t.v. Our front door was right next to the end of the couch I was sitting on, and we had big windows with blinds behind the couch. I decided it was getting late and I let my dogs outside to do their business. As soon as I opened the door, my dogs took off barking and running towards a man in the street. The neighborhood was set up so identical houses lined either side of the streets. We had small yards and there was a street lamp in front of mine that illuminated the man enough that I could tell he had a buzz cut (like a lot of other marines) and I could see he had on a pink shirt and cargo shorts. He looked back at me when he heard my dogs, so I yelled 'sorry' and called my dogs back inside.I decided to sit down and watch more t.v and let my dogs back out again soon. I couldn't shake this weird gut feeling I had, so I locked my doors and began to text my husband that there was a guy wandering outside at night. I felt silly as if I was being overly paranoid so I erased the text. For the next half hour or so my dogs began to sit on top of the couch and growl at the window.11:30 rolls around and there's a knock on my door right next to where I'm sitting. I constantly beat myself up for doing what I did next. I opened the door, and there he is- pink shirt standing in my door way, except this time there's a loaded gun drawn and pointed at me. He pushes his way into my house, asking "where's your husband? Where's your husband?" "He's at work," I replied, not taking my eyes off the gun. My dogs are going crazy. "Sit down," he said, gesturing to the couch with his gun. I did as he said. He sat down next to me and said he was just there to talk. He wasn't going to hurt me. He said he was feeling suicidal and saw me take my dogs out so he came over to talk to me.He saw I was shaking and told me to calm down. He even handed me the gun! I set it down on the other side of me and he continued to talk. He talked about his wife that was at currently work at a restaurant in town. He talked about the 3 month old daughter he had that he left at home (yep) and how she was driving him crazy. I learned he'd been over seas, his relationship with his wife was strained and he also asked how my relationship with my husband was. I was beginning to calm down but I still wanted this man out of my house.Then he pulled a hammer out of his shorts pocket and mentioned he killed a cat earlier. Immediately I feared for my dogs, who were still barking like crazy. I asked him to please not hurt them, and he said he wouldn't. That's when he noticed I was picking at a wound I had on my hand. He asked if I did that to myself, and took my hand to bring it to his mouth and kiss it. I felt queasy and even more creeped out. Then he said what really made my stomach drop-"You're pretty attractive. Not gonna lie. I'm gonna have to try and have sex with you.""I don't want to. I don't want to have sex with anyone but my husband," I said.He didn't like that. "Well, you have two choices. Either have sex with me, or I'll kill you."Well, dude had a hammer and I was too afraid to grab the gun in case he'd bash my head in. I just wanted to do what he said and hope he'd leave. He told me to stand up and take all my clothes off. That night all I had on were Captain America pajama pants, a baggy t-shirt and a purple hoodie. No underwear or bra, so there I was, completely naked in front of this stranger.He instructed me to turn around for him so he could get a good look at me. This was followed by him telling me I had a nice ass while reaching to take his gun back. I stood there, silent as he unbuckled his shorts and pulled them down. I have trouble being specific about what happened next, but he told me to get on my knees and well, yeah. The whole time he was saying that if my husband came home he'd shoot him, or if I bit him he'd shoot me too.After a couple minutes he then told me to get on top of him. I don't like being specific about this either, some things I never even told the cops or my lawyers. I was told to sit on his face, and was asked if my husband did that kind of thing to me. I was disgusted but said yes just so this dick couldn't feel too good about himself. Then with me still on top of him he tried to enter me several times, but I wasn't very...wet, I guess. Wonder why.So he asks me if I have lube. I tell him it's in our bedroom, and he follows me to the bedroom, shorts around his ankles, gun pointed at me, dogs still going off. The bedroom was down a little hallway beyond the living room and kitchen. I handed him the bottle of lube, but he has his gun in one hand so he says 'fuck it' and spits on his free hand and uses that instead.My bed's a mess because I was doing laundry and there's clothes both clean and dirty everywhere. He told me to bend over the footboard of my bed and I complied, burying my face into the clothes and my sheets. I feel him enter me and he does his business (oh and forgot to mention, before I bent over he said "don't worry, I'm not gonna nut in ya or anything." Charming.) I began crying at this point, reaching for my dogs who had followed us to the bedroom and jumped on the bed. After 10 minutes or so, he's done and he pulls out...after finishing inside me. He tells me to turn around, so I turn around and sit on the end of my bed, semen running down my legs. He's standing in front of me and I don't want to stand up and be closer to him. He looks at me and says, "Well get up! Clean yourself off," and he points to the bathroom that's in the bedroom. He clarifies that he wants me to shower (washing away evidence) I slowly and carefully walk into our shower, which has a glass door instead of a curtain. I turned on the water, afraid to close the door as I thought he'd want to make sure I washed. But this guy was an idiot and as he's standing in the doorway between the bathroom and bedroom he tells me to shut the shower door. I did just that, and didn't put my full body in the shower's stream. I tilted my head back so that my hair would be wet and I'd have the illusion that I put my whole body under the water. I turned the water off and slowly walked out into the bedroom, picked up a towel off my floor and wondered what was next.This dude was calmer than he should have been. "So your husband drives that little red car right?" he asked. I thought-neither of our cars were red but my husband's friend had a red car. This friend visited our house often, including just a few days prior and we had all been outside. This motherfucker saw me before. He then went on to say that he lived on the same street as me, across the street 3 doors down.I'm just hoping this guy would leave. He got what he wanted. I was willing to never tell anyone about this if he'd just go. As I was standing there shivering in my towel, he said that he was going to leave, but if he ever saw me or my husband outside, he'd kill us. If I called the cops, he'd kill them too. If I didn't stand in that exact spot until he left or if I tried to see where he was going, he'd kill me. I was terrified but I stood still in the corner of my room as he left, but not before saying "Always know who your neighbors are." He stumbled out of my room and I heard the front door open and close, and my dogs stopped barking. I stayed frozen for another minute or so, not sure what to do next. I remembered my cell phone was out on the coffee table and threw on a pair of sweatpants and another t shirt from my floor pile. I remembered calling my husband, demanding he call the police but I wouldn't say why. I called my mom several times before she answered and stayed on the phone with her, sobbing, until the police and my husband arrived.That night I spent in the hospital getting probed and having pictures taken of my body. I swallowed so many medications I'm not sure how I didn't vomit on the spot. I also met my wonderful victim's advocate that night in the hospital. I'm grateful for her and even after this mess ended, I crashed at her house a few times. My dad learned the news and drove 9 hours to see me the following morning. We were due to move to another house in 3 days, so I stayed in a hotel while my dad and husband and his friend packed up our house. The NCIS investigator didn't buy my story at first, but after they found the dude that matched my description %100 they began to believe me. A few days later I met my amazing legal counsel (a captain who I appropriately nicknamed Captain America) He also, after the trial, stayed in touch and helped me with a lot.My depression and anxiety skyrocketed after the incident and my husband and I sadly drifted apart (although he was super protective immediately after the incident, I give him that) The trial followed 7 months later, where my rapist plead guilty and got sentenced to 20 years. Unfortunately, I was still very depressed and my husband did not seem to know how to help me. We tried counseling, but alas 2 months after the trial, we decided to split. That's where 'Captain America' and my lovely advocate went above and beyond to help me out, god bless them. I've since moved back in with my dad (my mom and I developed a rocky relationship through this but I'm going to visit her for the first time since the trial next week) and I made the dumb mistake of trying to date another marine... I think I'm done with marines for now.I don't want to give out which base this occurred on as I don't want to give anyone a bad name, despite having bad experiences with the marine corps I wouldn't be doing this well without the effort my lawyers and advocate put into me. I'm still dealing with depression and anxiety but now I'm super protective and self aware. So moral of the story, don't answer the door at night, "know your neighbors," don't tell the girl you rape where you live and where your wife works. 
The support group is tomorrow. Another friend said she would go with me for support. I just never talk about the abuse and don't know if I will ever be ready to talk about it?
So yesterday I was at PP for a depo shot and during the exam the nurse went through general questions and one of them was a question as to if I had ever been pressured or forced into sex. I answered that I had been sexually assaulted a year and some months ago, and that I have no recollection of his face or name or any details. Today I was sent a pass at school to talk someone and they asked if I'd be willing to have an interview and that they'd have to tell my parents. They kept trying to convince me that I'm obligated to do this, because if someone else gets raped it would be my fault. I can't have them tell my parents. My mom is completely irresponsible and explosive and she would completely make my life hell. What are my rights in this situation? Did PP violate doctor patient confidentiality? Is this other representative breaking confidentiality? How should I continue? I'm 17 and in Indiana. I was 16 when the assault happened. I don't want this opened back up.
All I want is to forget it ever happened. I want the scars the pain the memories to be gone. I don't want to keep remembering what happened. I need you to acknowledge what you did. I wish you had killed me that night anything has to be better than this pain I feel everyday. I want you to feel the pain that I have had to live with the pain of what you did. I close my eyes and all I see is you nothing else I still flinch when someone touches me just as if it was yesterday it was 17 years ago. I can't sleep at night and when I do manage to sleep I wake up screaming I can't breathe your hands over my mouth I can't bear to look at my scars. I just need to know why? Why me?  
Hi. I tried to post this in r/relationships but I was informed that this would be better for r/rape... I don't really feel comfortable posting here because I'm not sure I was actually raped, but I guess I'll try anyway? I really need advice.I'm going to apologize in advance for the length of this post and for the ranty nature. I'm also sorry if my intentions are kind of vague... I'm not really asking a specific question; I'm just looking for advice in general. Anything helps. I don't want to sound like I'm whining or complaining. I know so many others have gone through so much worse, but this is something I know I need to get over, yet I just can't seem to.When I was a freshman in high school, my best friend at the time introduced me to her group offriends over Skype. One boy, in particular, I was immediately fond of. Let's call him Ethan. Ethan and I became friends and began to talk to each other individually, outside of the group calls, and about four months after we met and one month after my 15th birthday, we started dating.We were very much in love, very quickly. He was my first relationship at all, and I was his third girlfriend but first "serious" one. As serious as you can or should be at the age of 15. The first few months were great. He seemed to love me, we spent all our time either together or texting/skyping, he seemed initially respectful of my sexual boundaries, but looking back on it, he was pressuring me much more than I was willing to admit.This is where it starts to get messy. Four months in, he cheats on me with his ex, who is one of my best friends. Basically, she has a thing for neck biting, he offered to do it for her, felt guilty for offering and then came to me the next day and admitted to offering. I told him that I appreciated him admitting it and that I was glad he didn't actually do anything, and that I would absolutely not be okay with that behavior. He acknowledged, admitted he was wrong, and I thought that was the end of it. Unbeknownst to me, they still did that the next day. Obviously they didn't have sex or anything, but when you're all 15, cheating that involved kissing/making out is still painful. About a week later, he also sexts my other good friend and doesn't tell me.I only found out about these incidents a few days (I think? the time frame is blurry to me now) later when he admitted it to me out of guilt. OBVIOUSLY, what a normal person would do is break up. It's only four months. But, I had never had a boyfriend before, and I loved this kid to the ends of the earth. So I told him we could work it out.In the months following, it was extremely difficult for me to deal with knowing he had cheated. I would get sick and have panic attacks over it. Imagining what he did or what he had said he wanted to do with those other girls made me sick to my stomach. I still feel queasy thinking about it, even though at this point the whole situation is long gone.Despite that, everything goes a lot better in the months following. At this point, we're both sophomores in high school. From what I remember, we were very good at communication during this time, and whenever we were having issues regarding that situation we talked about it.Things are seemingly fine. After a little under a year of dating, we've run out of sexual things to try that don't involve straight up penetration. My original boundary was "no removal of clothing." By this point, he has pressured me into doing everything up to p-in-v. So, when he wanted to have sex, I tried to say no but he convinced me to. I didn't want to, but I did anyway. So I guess one of my questions is: was that rape? If I said no but then gave up? I didn't realize that until this year, when talking to a friend about how much rape jokes make me uncomfortable and panicky, and they told me that what I described of my sexual experience with this boy sounded like rape. I need to know why it bothers me.Anyway, continuing on. Around my 16th birthday, in March, he meets a girl. We'll call her Rorie. Ethan and Rorie become fast friends. They both have significant others, so no one thinks their friendship is a problem. Rorie is very, very much like me personality wise. We don't look that similar physically, however, unless you count that we both wear glasses.The moment Ethan told me about Rorie, I knew somewhere in my heart that she was going to be the end of us. I tried my best to become her friend, mostly because I thought if she liked me, she wouldn't tear us apart. In April, Rorie dumped her boyfriend. In May, Ethan cheated on me with Rorie and then made a big deal about having to "choose" between the two of us. He chose me. I cried with happiness. I was a dumb piece of shit.Throughout the summer, I stayed with Ethan and became friends with Rorie. The three of us were in a community theater production together. People would talk behind our backs about how it seemed like Ethan had two girlfriends, or that we were in a polyamorous relationship. This bothered me, but Ethan was never willing to drop Rorie. During this time, he and I were having sex (that I didn't particularly want to be having) and apparently he was also sleeping with Rorie.He did a lot of other awful shit to me during the relationship too. He would cut me off from my friends and try to convince me that they were bad people. For example, he would say about my friend Jennifer, "what do you think she says about YOU behind your back?" He would also get extremely possessive of me and get upset when I talked about my male best friend, Jason, who posed absolutely no threat to Ethan. However, if I expressed discomfort over his friendship with Rorie, he would get very mad. Another thing he did was cut himself and then send me a snapchat of the cuts. At this time, I had severe depression, and that was definitely triggering for me. At one point, after we broke up, I ended up in the hospital on suicide watch.He broke up with me at the end of the summer and started officially dating Rorie two weeks later. They have now been dating for about a year and a half, which is about as long as he and I dated initially, and they don't seem like they're going to break up.I cut them both off after they started dating. I have only spoken to either of them a handful of times in the almost two years we've been apart. The whole relationship still haunts me. I haven't officially dated anyone since Ethan. I talked to a few guys but I just can't ever get that connection that I had with him.  I haven't been sexually attracted to anyone since Ethan, either. He is not particularly attractive - in fact, people I don't even speak to frequently have asked why I dated someone so "ugly."  However, he is the only person I feel that I want to or can have sex with or even kiss. The idea of intimacy with anyone else repulses me.I still think about him every day. I think about this all the time. It's been so long, but I can't ever stop thinking about it. Why can't I get it to go away? Am I just not over him? Will I ever be over him? I'm so scared that I won't ever be okay.I'm doing so much better emotionally. I no longer have depression, I no longer self harm, and I am no longer suicidal.  I do have a therapist that I have been seeing since fourth grade, so she was there throughout the whole situation. Everyone I have talked to about this says he's an asshole. But I guess what I'm trying to ask is a few things:1) Was this situation really as bad as I feel like it was? Do I have a right to be upset?2) Will I ever be able to date again?3) Will I ever be able to be intimate again?I'm going off to college at the end of the summer, so I'm especially scared about my future. I just want to be okay.Sorry for the length. I hope I didn't forget anything or make too many typos; I wrote this out on my phone.
The story im about to tell is not the most orthodox rape story you would hear. I was either 5 or 6 years old when it happened. I was at my cousins house and my male cousin took me into his room and played some Sims 2 with me, he took the disk out and said to me if I wanted to play more of it I needed to do what he told me to do and couldn't tell anybody else about it. He did the deed, the most graphic and horrible things a child like me would be forced to do. I still remember it vivdly, so...so vividly. This also didn't happen once, it happened three times. Three times in different days. Three times a young child like me had to be forced to be forcefully anally raped. I knew it was wrong, I knew it what was happening wasn't supposed to be happening. I understand completely what it's like to be overwhelmed with fear, I didn't yell because I didn't know what would happen to me. This is where the unorthodox part comes in...I was never traumatized by the incidents. I never suffered any kind of depression, mental issues, any of the common things a rape victim would go through. Nothing, I would always remember the incidents happening. Just like it was yesterday. But I would never crawl up into a ball and cry, I would go about my day. Not caring or really paying mind to the incidents. I know what happened, while it was happening. All these years I've pondered to know why I wasn't affected, why I am such a outgoing, loving, happy human being. The reason why I never told anyone was...I didn't want my family and my extended family to go into complete chaos, I didn't want to see my mothers sister to be apart from us. I've told my story to my girlfriend and friends and they call me the most stupidly nicest man alive. To simply keep family and relatives together because of a horrible thing that occurred 10 years ago. The cousin who raped me is infact a homosexual, I hope he feels the pain he deserves. His a low life piece of shit that parties and smokes weed all day. I hope the guilt of him raping me eats him alive at night and is the reason why he consumes so many drugs. Because of this incident, I want to become a therapist for Teens and adolescents alike. I want everyone on here and in the future to know. There is normality after the dark depths that you're in, the anger does fade away, YOU are better then the individual that did the things they did to you. YOU are an amazing individual who is NOT controlled over an incident, granted it was a dark incident. It is an incident passed, It's hard to pass, I know it is. Dont ever feel rushed into beating this darkness of yours. Take you time, but do not ever give up taking those steps of being a happy individual. Please, You WILL be happy again, You will learn to live a happy sexual life, You will be better. I promise you. I'm an 18 year old student, if I can do it. So can you.
I originally posted this in /r/relationships but it got removed because I mentioned sexual assault, and was re-directed to this subreddit. Original post will be pasted at the end.My husband and I have been together for 3 years and married for a few months now. We had a baby back in February. My husband [then bf]  was never sure he wanted to have children but when I got pregnant he was estatic, however, that changed when a few weeks into the pregnancy I was raped by an ex. I have had training in self defense and have been in the military and my husband doesn't understand why I wasn't able to fight off my ex [neither do I, truth be told]. My husband was cheated on by his ex wife and is completely paranoid that I secretly had feelings for my ex [which I don't think I do, especially not after what happened. However, it was a messy breakup and my feelings for him didn't just disappear].So unto the problem. My husband and I are in counseling and even though we're commited to each other and to making our marriage work, there is a certain level of detachment between us and him and our son. His ex gf that he wasn't with for that long and claims didn't have any real feelings for [she was kinda his rebound after his divorce], had a baby after they broke up. We didn't find out about this until after she died in an accident a few weeks before our son was born and CPS came knocking on our door to test if he was the father of said child.While we waited for the results he warmed up to the idea of having this other child join our family and he was disappointed when we got the results that he wasn't the father.Now he has decided that he wants to adopt the other child, and I'm not sure about it due to reasons explained in my original post::>**TL;DR; My [43F] husband [45M] of almost a year wants to adopt the child his ex [who has since died] had after they broke up, I'm not sure this is a good idea.**>I'll try to keep this as short as possible. I already have two daughters from a previous marriage, one is 19 and moved out a while ago. The other is 13 and still lives with us.>My now husband and I have been together for a little over 3 years. Last year I unexpectedly fell pregnant and I gave birth to our son in February. We got married a couple of months before since it seemed easier with the baby and all.>Around the time our son was born we also got the news that my husband's ex girlfriend [who he only dated for a few months before we got together] had died in an accident and that she had had a baby after they broke up.>They thought he was the father so we had some DNA tests done and it turns out he isn't. However, they haven't found the real father and the child [2 or 3?? M] is now in foster care.>They don't think it's likely he'll get adopted [since he's black and not a baby anymore], and my husband has decided he wants to adopt him.>My husand and I work at the same place, we work long hours [usually about 10 hours a day, longer if we get called in which happens quite often] and though we try to spend as much time as possible with our children, our nanny/housekeeper is pretty much their main caretaker.>At the moment I do more of the parenting than my husband since I'm still nursing our son, and that combined with the fact that my husband is a bit of a workaholic and very career-focused, I'm worried that I'll be the only one taking care of the child.>My husband seems adament on adopting the child [he's grown weirdly attached to him] and says he's even willing to work less if that's what it takes. I don't see this happening however, he didn't even do this when our son was born.>I'm not opposed to adopting the child per se if my husband actually works less and does his fair share, but I don't see that happening.>As a compromise he said that he wants to foster the child in the meantime to prove it to me, but I don't think it's fair to rip that boy away from a perfectly fine foster home while this may [probably?] won't work out.>What do I do?>**Edit:** I should probably mention that he was very excited about our own child when I first became pregnant but his behaviour completely changed after I was sexually assaulted a few weeks into the pregnancy. He's very paranoid about cheating so that might be why. We found out about this other child during a time when he felt very unsure about our relationship and he felt detached from our baby after I had been with another man even though I didn't consent to that.If you're still reading, THANK YOU!! I need some good advice!! I feel like this isn't really the right subreddit for this but like I said, /r/relationships deleted my post and told me to ask for advice here.*Also, the reason why I didn't initially talked about my rape [in the original post] was because I wasn't sure it mattered and was afraid that they would remove my post [which they did].*
Hmmm. How do I start?...Ok Well my girlfriend has just overheard that her parents might be getting a divorce. That's not entirely the reason she is scared though. She's scared because her father wants to take her and her siblings away. Her father is kinda seductive from what I heard. That he wants to have sex with her.Me and her are both scared because in a dilemma like this, it's hard to comprehend what to do. Especially when you're the age I am. I'm 15 and she's just a few months younger. She and her dad has had a weird past. Something I went through. I'm scared for her and I want to help.Let me go into more depth, her father wants custody of his children but she's worried because she knows and had suspicions that he will rape and molest her. I've gotten to the point where I can't leave her or lose her. I don't want to seem like a coward or just a kid who's looking for help over a long distance relationship. Because I believe I fell in love with her and I can't stop until I find out how to help. So please help me, what should I do?
Hello I really need some answers ASAP.1) What happens if you report rape months after it happened?2) What happens if you report rape and you don't know the guy who raped you? (But you are reporting months later)3) What happens if you report rape and you got pregnant by your rapist?
Hey everyone.So, lately, my school has been assigning mandatory reading material to students taking English classes. This is mostly because it's the end of the semester, and no one feels motivated to do actual homework.Anyway, it seems my school has a tendency to choose books with rape and/or sexual assault in them. For example, the book my class is currently reading is *The Color Purple* by Alice Walker. I'm not sure how much of the book explores the rape theme (mostly because I'm too scared to read through it after having seen a fairly vivid description of rape on the ***first fucking page***), but it's there, right in my face, and I don't feel comfortable reading the book at all. I can literally *physically feel* what the narrator character is going through, and reading through those passages immediately takes me back to my own experiences.But I *have* to read it, and my grade is already suffering because of my experiences with sexual assault in the past as well as the severe depression and anxiety I am experiencing. I have a huge test on the first 66 pages of *The Color Purple* tomorrow, but I haven't even touched the book since I read those first few chapters.I feel disgusting. I feel uncomfortable. I feel weak. I need some help.Does anyone have any advice?
I'm struggling very much and have not fully accepted this. It happened about three days ago. I do not want to go to police or a hospital. I have a friend that went through this, who attempted to press charges, and as a consequence worsened her mental health, to the point at which she became suicidal. I myself recently went through a really tough bought of suicidal ideation and attempts. This has made things worse and I know in my heart I am not strong enough to relive the experience through testimony, repeatedly telling my story, etc.Before the event took place, I had sexted with him a few times. Usually out of boredom. He texts me very frequently and very rarely I respond. It's not uncommon for him to send messages over and over until I give in and ask him what he wants. However, before it was just annoying fuckboy behaviour. Now, it's terrifying and taunting me. I haven't been able to reply to the fb messages/texts/snapchats. I just want it to stop. I want him to leave me alone. I feel unsafe in my own body. Any advice or help would be greatly appreciated.  
So I went out on a couple dates with this guy.  On the third date he invited me back to his house.  He lives with roomates so I wasn't too concerned.  He seemed like a nice guy, we had good conversation, etc.  I agreed.We were watching a movie in his room when we started making out.  Prior to this we had agreed not to have sex.  He kept trying to put his hands down my pants.  I told him no, we aren't going to have sex.  He kept pushing and pushing.  Every time I told him no, he would jus push further until they were completely in.  I tried to pull his hand out but he was much stronger and it just wouldn't move.  When I tried to roll over, he would adjust his arm so it was still down my pants.  It was exhausting.Finally he pulled it out, we had a short conversation about not having sex, the reasons, and he stopped for a bit.Later on, he tried again.  This time he was much more forceful.  After a few times of saying no, I just gave in.  I didn't know what else to do.  In our conversations before, I had told him of my past and how I didn't like things near my neck because of being raped before.  During sex, he kept choking me.  I kept trying to pull his hand away but he wouldn't move it.  I could still breathe, but it made me seriously uncomfortable and I froze up.  I didn't know what to do.Throughout the course of sex, he was very rough and kept trying to choke me.  I would try to move his hand sometimes, but it just wouldn't budge.  Eventually I just gave up.I don't know what this is.  Every time I think about it I get sick.  I don't have anyone close to me that I can confide to. I don't know what to do.  I don't know how to feel.  I guess I did consent to sex because I didn't see any other way out.  But there were things he did that I definitely said no to.  I don't know how to handle this.
staring into a dark voidhot tears on my pillowthe cost of fighting is too highThe risk of telling too muchtoo naive to understandhands hold me down and deliver blow after vicious blowrape and torture for pleasurehatred confusion disgustnight after nightNo longer a Man - only an objectno silence no dreams no sleepall happiness goneblissful ignorance stolen innocence murderedonly pain and sadness remainThe person that i was is goneemptiness remains.
I have a history of sexual assult and my response is to always just freeze or do as I am told. I seem to have the mind set that it's easier to just get it over with. But last night my instincts fucked things up for a lot of people. My ex boyfriend and I still live together, he moves out in June to his new place. We had been playing board games with friends and I was drunk and high and not feeling well. I fell asleep on the couch (my bed at the moment anyways). I woke up late at night to my ex's friend touching me.I moved his hand away a couple of times but he still kept touching. He was playing with me and one more time I moved his hand away but I never said anything. After that I just kind of submitted to anything he did. He put himself inside me and I covered my eyes. After a while he asked me to use my mouth on him. I did for a bit and then just sat up and stopped and was silent. I couldn't believe I was in this situation again. I went to the bathroom and he got ready to leave. I don't even feel like how I feel is fair. I didn't stop it, I don't even know if he knows he did anything wrong. I just want to be able to say what I want. Now since I can't stop uncontrollably crying I have ruined the friendships of my ex and this guy. I feel so much guilt and like an idiot. How do I start to be able to defend myself?
So I'm a high school kid with high ambitions for my life. Being ranked among the top five in my class and completing numerous AP courses (8 so far), I definitely have a lot of potential. However, my girlfriend just told me she is pregnant and refuses to have an abortion. This is problematic for me, especially since i never wanted sex in the first place.Here's my story, her and I were kissing and loving as normally, but then she started to undress me. I expressed concern, but she continued. So I complied. Then she told me to put my penis inside of her. Now, I knew that this was not a good idea. But she said "I have money for Plan B" and then grabbed me and pushed me in. I came fairly quickly after a couple of thrusts. Is that rape?tl;dr: girlfriend pregnant, but refuses to abort... and i didnt even want it in the first place... im so depressed and lost with my life
I'm a 20 year old female, and I haven't told anyone besides my psychiatrist (seeing them for non-related reasons) and another friend of mine about what happened to me.I was dating someone that I considered my best friend for about a week and a half before the incident. We disagreed on a lot of things, but we decided to give it a shot anyways.  He had a lot of..."urges" I guess I can call them, that made him want to have sex 24/7.  I told him originally that I wanted to wait for a bit until we slept together.  He obliged and we did the normal couple stuff.Well, on the night in question, I had gone out to an event with my friends and my sister, and didn't end up getting back to his place until about 3 or 4 in the morning.  I stopped for In-N-Out on the way home, and woke him up so he could eat the food that I got for him.  After we laid down, he started to feel me up a little bit.  I told him that while I was in the mood, I was too tired to do anything with him.  After a while, I started to doze off and I thought he had fallen back asleep.  I was wrong.  I started feeling him undoing my pants and groping me.  I tried to tell him to stop, but all that came out was a grunt.  I was so terrified and exhausted that I couldn't move.  I blacked out shortly after he started to undo his pants.I woke up the next morning with my pants and underwear around one of my ankles and a wet spot between my legs.  In shock, I put my clothes back on, got my stuff, and left.  After the shock wore off (I was currently volunteering with my local police force), I started to realize what had happened.  I held back all the feelings of hurt, horror, and violation, and finished up the day.  I called a friend of mine once I was in my car, voice and body shaking.  He asked what was wrong and I told him that I would tell him once I got to his house.  I hung up and drove to his house.  Once there, I broke down and, between sobs, I told him what happened.  He told me that I should call the cops and report what happened, but I told him that I didn't want to have to go through being on the stand, reliving the abuse I had endured.  I let him know that I was going to talk to my "boyfriend" about what he did and break up with him.  He said okay, and I drove off to my "boyfriend's" (I'll call him Z for the rest of this) house.  I knocked on the door and, when Z answered, I told him that we needed to talk.  I asked him about what happened the night before.  He paused, and then told me that nothing happened.  I replied with "Bullshit Z.  You raped me.  I could file a police report and get you arrested.  You know that right?"  His eyes widened and he came back with "What the fuck L??  You told me you were in the mood!!"  Me: "Just because I say that I was in the mood, doesn't mean that I gave you the go ahead!"  Z: "I thought they were the same thing!" Me: "No, they aren't."Z: "Why didn't you stop me then!"Me: "Because I blacked out Z!  How do you expect me to stop you when I blacked out?  I'm done with you, we're through."I walked away before he could say anything else.I haven't spoken or seen Z since.  But, part of me wonders if I should have filed a police report.  I don't sleep well anymore either.  My mother said that she's had to wake me up a couple times because I scream "No", "stop", and "please stop" at night.  I think that maybe sharing my story will help me cope with everything a little better.  And I'm sorry for anyone who's been through this kind of hell.  Thank you for letting me vent.
Last week I held a party at my house and the friend in question was there very drunk and was chatting up this girl and she told him to leave him alone and he walked away. He kept going back to her though and she would always decline his advances.Later that night I hadn't seen him for a while and the party was slowing down and few people were left, I decided to go the garage and check on the beer status when I heard some noise coming from the bathroom even though the music was still pretty loud there, no one was supposed to be in that part of the house so I knocked on the door and then heard the world help, I opened the door and saw my friend on the floor on top of this girl, I pulled him off her and threw him out of the house.I sat down with the girl while she cried and asked her if she was ready for me to call the police, she said no and didn't want to. I told her she should go to the police but she refused.I contacted her the next day and she still is adamant about not calling the police, my friend showed up to pick up his phone from my charger, I threw it unto the street in my rage, I'm pretty disgusted.My question is, what should I do? Should I respect her wishes or do I go over her head?tl;dr: my friend raped a girl in my bathroom during a party and she is refusing to go to the police, not sure what to do if there is anything to do.
Just wanted to share my story and get others opinions on this throwaway account for obvious reasonsFor as long as i can remember. Whenever my parents were too busy with things I'd be sent to my uncle's house, and also for as long as I remember, he would sexually touch me and rub himself agaisned me. It wasn't until j Wal bout 7isn when he straight out raped me, and that sucked. But anyway, he kept doing that to me every time I saw him after this occasion. He eventually started to rub my penis ,( and at this point I was starting puberty) until I was hard and jack me off. Naturally it felt good, and after that I had associated sexual pleasure with him, ID think about himn when I masturbated and I would always fantasise about him raping me again (which would always eventually happen)And now I'm lime 30, and I still want this guy to fuck me. I've never ever been attracted to any other male, its just specifically him. Does this make me bisexual?
What happened to her: So. My she was 15, had no experience with dating or fooling around with guys, literally the definition of naive and innocent. She actually didn't even have her first kiss until me when she was 19. Well, she had a brother who was 20 at the time. He still lived at home at the time. It was really late at night and they were watching TV and he started to give her a massage and he essentially started playing with her breasts and it stopped with him sucked on her breasts. They did it 2 more times where he would convince her to come to his room at night and they would do that. She said she enjoyed the breast play those two times, but still felt guilty. He tried to take her panties off, so he could finger her, but she cut it short of going that far and he did respect her wishes in that moment. After the 2nd  time she said she was feeling too guilty and wanted to stop. He stopped.I guess this is not a clear cut case of "SHE SAID STOP AND HE JUST KEPT GOING!!!" and is actually the opposite. She said no and he stopped right away. However, its a case of a brother who had experience (wink wink more than a bit) doing this a sister who he knew had no experience with boys before. Not even stopping at the first time, but actually wanting to go even further. So was this molesting? She is a very shy timid and quite girl, and it in some of our wilder sexcapades she is very prone to let partners suck/bite/ect in ways she doesn't like (not hate, just that she doesn't get off on a lot. Like super fast penetration) because its too awk to say "stop I dont like it". I don't know if this is something she always had and it makes me really scared to think "wow, if she hadn't said stop that one time she likely would have had sex with him". I also remember when we first "hooked up" I simply sucked on her neck a lot and didn't go further, but she later (once we were dating) apologized for being wierd and distant afterwards. Turns out she was distant because it gave her guilt flashbacks. She also loves it when I aggressively go for her breasts and suck on them, but sometimes, yet again, it gives her flashbacks of that stuff and she feels dirty/guilty. I've been with this girl for a good while and envision myself marrying her, so I have to ask, how do I maintain myself from destroying her brother if he's anywhere near me? I ask this with so much seriousness, but I've told her multiple times "Dear GF, I love how forgiving you've been to him and how loving you are, but to be honest when I first see him I don't know if I have it in me to smile and give him a hug". So how do I deal with that?To recap1. She says she doesn't think it counts as molesting, but I said it does. Am I right?2. How do I live with this guy being in MY family one day?
About a year ago, I become friends with my old best friend's ex boyfriend. At the time, I was suffering quite a bit with my depression. I would usually confide in him about my issues in texts, however we never actually hung out. One night, I was a wreck and he rode his bike to my house. We talked quite a bit, but he made me a bit uncomfortable. I ignored this feeling because I enjoyed the attention he gave me. After a while, he came over a lot more often. One day, I invited him in my room.We were talking and somehow it escalated to his hands in my pants. I didn't stop him, but I was pretty uncomfortable. After a few minutes, I finally spoke up. I rolled over in my bed, however he pulled my hand in his pants and moved my hand up and down. He had me touch him, and at this point I was crying and I refused to look at him. I didn't verbally say no, though. I made him go home and I never told anyone.I'm now in a relationship of 7 months and my boyfriend is aware. For some reason, I've been thinking of it often. Whenever it comes to mind, I get this sick feeling in my stomach and I just want to cry. I feel so embarrassed and repulsed whenever I think of it. I don't know what this would be described as or if it even *is* anything. It still feels nice to get it off my chest and hear what others have to say. Also, I'm sorry if this is a wall of text. I'm fairly new to reddit.
I fought to no avail.  Broken rib broken nose blood in urine bleeding rectum.  Three of them.  They then showed me a picture of my fiancee (told them where she worked before when they were being friendly). And said if I did not cooperate they would arrange for her to get the same if I did not cooperate and keep my mouth shut. I told them i had syphlis but that just gave me a day before they paid a gaurd to bring them condoms.  So I cooperated and so began the worst 12 days of my life.  I finally got transfered to low security when room opened up. Now I am angry scared broken and hating everyone and everything thing.  I honestly cannot express in words how I feel.  I can't eat I can't sleep and I want to kill them all.  I can even look at my fiancee.  I am truly broken and I don't know if I can be fixed.
Here's what happened. It was Tuesday, November 12th, 2013. I was 9 days away from turning 23. I had lost my virginity less than a month before to my 32-year-old boyfriend. We had had sex a total of five times. I felt guilty about it, Catholic growing pains. After the relief of getting my period (we had been safe, but no one waits 'til they are 22 because they are a calm, rational person), I said I didn't want to do it again. He said he wasn't ok with that. I thought that was weird, because when we had started dating two months ago he said he would be ok with whatever I wanted to do. I begrudgingly agreed to handjobs and oral. We stayed together. On the morning of Tuesday November 12th, 2013, we were fooling around. He pulled his boxers off. I was sitting on top of him. He said if we were going to be this close he wanted to put a condom on just in case. We were always really careful about not accidentally touching bare genitals so this seemed reasonable. We continued making out. And then all of a sudden he was inside of me, thrusting. I couldn't move, I was so mad. I thought, "This is what it feels like to be raped." But he loved me, so that's not what it was. I really wanted to say stop, but he seemed into and I didn't want to bother him. After he finished I cried. He sort of asked what was wrong and when I wouldn't say he said, "Oh, right we had said we weren't going to do that. I'm sorry, I forgot." The next two nights I came onto him because I wanted to feel like I was in control and wanted this—I decided I needed to feel more positive about my sexuality and the guilt would go away.We continued having sex for three more months until a condom broke when he was being rough. He cried. I felt guilty so I asked if he wanted me to take the morning after pill, even though we had I agreed that wouldn't be an option given my feelings about fertilization/conception. I asked him to take to a different town, far away so we wouldn't see anyone we knew. He drove me to the CVS down the road from his house. I didn’t want to go in so he did. He cried again because I said I wanted to break up. He got the Plan B, came back to the car, and complained about it being $50. I wanted to end the relationship. He stopped the car three times on the way back to my parents house and begged me not to, telling me not to do something I wasn't comfortable with. Then he dumped me four weeks later, ostensibly for a bullshit reason, but I personally think because I wouldn't have sex with him anymore.I have since found out that he lied about being diagnosed with a personality disorder. It fits.I didn't have sex for 20 months after this. Then I jumped in bed with a friend five days after we first kissed. It had to started feeling like all of my sexual experiences were "owned" by my ex, and I wanted something for me. Somehow, my friend became my boyfriend (I'm super happy about this, we were both just surprised how much we clicked). We kept having sex but I felt really ambivalent about it, some guiltiness. I was constantly checking (testing?) to see if he would respect my boundaries. Even minor miscommunications got really blown up in my mind. We've been together over nine months but we stopped having sex about four months in because I had anxiety attacks and OCD about the religious guilt, worst mental health issues I'd had in years. And look, I know the religious thing is a real issue, and maybe I just am the type of person who wants to wait 'til marriage (this was always my plan before meeting my ex). My boyfriend, while not happy about that per se, is happy to do it for me and we are currently waiting with lots of rational, excited plans for the future (maybe moving into together in the next year at the very least ;)).Here's the thing, I still see my ex several times a week. We're still in a college program together. We've been apart for two and half years. We have been alternately on and off, trying to be friends, etc. But I realized about a year post break-up that he was severely mentally ill and began cutting contact and filed an issue with the women's center in case he did anything truly erratic (nothing so far; all he's done is been incredibly passive aggressive and manipulative, turning friends against me and intimidating [non-violently] me out of being in certain spaces on campus, which of course has really effected my experience in this program). This semester we had a class together. I would get irrationally angry every time he spoke to me, even across the table in a class discussion. I would refuse to look at him, had to explain to our professor that I had him blocked on facebook (we were using it for a discussion board for class). I would get so mad I'd call my mom up every time it happened and I'd still be pissed hours later. Like I've said, we've had this contact continuously since we broke up two and half years ago, but something just snapped in me over the winter break. At the same time, I had to stop having sex with my current boyfriend. I've thought about sex with my ex a lot lately, trying to figure out if that has anything to do with the current situation (and yes, I am in treatment with a good therapist and working on CBT again). I get nauseous when I think about him ever touching my body. I'm so upset that I can't look back on my first with even vaguely found feelings. I'm truly disgusted every time I think about it. And that's not religious guilt, because while I my boyfriend and I have stopped having sex for now, I think about the four months we did so positively and look forward to having that in our relationship again.I've posted on here a lot looking for validation about my current situation, wondering if I should just marry my current boyfriend to deal with all of this but it's incredibly clear to me now that I love him way to much to waste a marriage on trying to solve this problem. We'll do that if and when we're completely ready. So instead of looking to the future to solve this, I've started looking to the past. And I keep coming back to November 12th.I have two people in my life who were violently raped, but I know rape can also happen in any situation where there is lack of consent. I couldn't bring myself to say no that day, but hadn't we already agreed to not? Shouldn't that have covered the situation from there on out? I'm so mad. I want to feel positive about my sexuality, but I don't know where to start.And before anyone suggests I report him…to who? I have filed the complaint with the woman's center/campus security about him being coercive and a bully. There was nothing they could do. We are both graduating a year from now and will never have another class together. Not something I could take to cops—not even sure I want to. I've brought it up to my mom, and sort of to my boyfriend. I'm thinking about telling my therapist, but if this wasn't really a sexual assault I don't want her getting just on that track and running with it for my therapy.Not sure what I'm looking for here. I guess support. I feel like I already know this relationship was abusive, but I feel so guilty trying to say it and like I'm stirring up things that are long over with.tl;dr my ex was a shady mofo. trying to figure out if it's connected to the OCD/anxiety im experiencing now.
As the title says, my fiance's soon-to-be stepfather raped me two nights ago.It's really hard to talk about, but he is a heavier man and he managed to overpower me. He basically bent me over, inserted himself, then pushed down on my back/chest hard enough to make me black out from not being able to breathe. I think he might have ejaculated in me. I woke up with him beside me in bed, picked up my clothes, and went home.I feel completely numb. My fiance [23/M] of 8 years doesn't know about it, and no one else does either. He was working at the time that it happened. I wasn't sure what to do after, I was just so emotionally shut down. Now that I've looked online, I think I ended up doing all of the things that you're not supposed to do - taking a shower, changing/washing clothes, not calling the police, etc. I was sort of in flight mode and still am, my mind is so empty and yet racing. I just wanted to get out of there and get his scent (and everything else that reminds me of him) off of me.I'm scared that if I come out about it, my fiance will be angry that I didn't tell him sooner. Or his mother will be angry at me for breaking up her engagement. Or they just plain won't believe me. I kind of want to pack a bag and just leave, head in whatever direction I can think of and go, because this place is making me want to not exist anymore. My fiance is asleep beside me and all I can do is sit here and basically scream inside my head. I'm sorry if this is all over the place, I am just so lost.**tl;dr Fiance's STB stepdad raped me two nights ago, may have ejaculated in me. I'm worried that I can't prove that it happened. Fiance doesn't know. Not sure what to do now, I'm contemplating just leaving.**
    My problem is my triggers. Everything brings me back to that night I was sexually assaulted, on HIS bed staring at THAT ceiling. I stare, rigidly into blank space as some hologram vision of him comes and climbs onto me and I relive every detail of the horrifying incident just like it was real.  I can't take it anymore. Help?
I am a female in my early twenties. Since I was four years old I've been molested by 5 different males. It's hard for me to talk about but it needs to get out. When I was four I lived in a trailer park. There were two boys who lived next door. An older boy and his brother who was the same age as me. We all became close and played together all the time. One day I was playing with the older boy when it began to rain. We hid in one of those round plastic toy box things that was for the outside toys and that's when it first happened. He kissed me and touched me and put his mouth down there. He told me to keep it a secret so I did. From then on till we moved two years later him his brother and his friend molested me. I don't remember when it happened but the older brother also rapped me. I blocked it for so.long until one day I got drunk and the veil of my mind vanished. I was also being molested by a boy in my first grade glass in the slides and behind the blue thing that had our behavior cards on them. After that I believed everything was going to be OK. I even found a guy that accepted me and my past untill a month after I turned 16. My mother's boyfriend molested me for three days. He may have done worse he was supposed to drive me to my therapy appointment because my mom didn't want.to. I called my father told him what happened. There is a warrant for his arrest but if I wasn't so scared of him I'd give out his name. My mother hid him from the police and he.is hiding in Arizona. It's still hard for me to deal with even after all these years. Buy my so is helping me cope. Maybe this will help me too.
I [22f] have posted on here and deleted it before. But I can't really get this experience out of my head so I am posting again. It has been about a  month since I was raped. We are both in the military and I  report to my new, almost completely male, unit in a less than a month. Since it happened I have been terrified of going to my unit, which I know is irrational, but I can't help it.  I will be in a position of authority and am afraid they will be able to see it on my face or just know. " This weak little girl couldn't protect herself why should she lead us?"  Is the thought that keeps running through my head. I am worried they will think I am incompentent, or that I will fall apart on the job, or worst case scenario it happens again (I know that sounds awful but it's another irrational fear I have developed since my incident). I have been reading through past posts on here trying to find other military, but I haven't really seen any  which makes me paranoid that I shouldn't be writing this, but this is the only real outlet I want to use because of its anonymity and community. I don't know really the point of this post I just needed to get it off my chest because counseling and online systems  arent really getting the job done.  since I dont want any off my friends  peers  and Co workers to know, this is my way of preventing a career ending breakdown.
I have a group presentation coming up and I'm so scared. I am scared I will have flashbacks or cry during the presentation, that others will see me crying. The people I'm presenting to are pretty hostile too. Any advice anyone? I just instantly start shaking whenever I have to be around a group. I have been self harming more just to cope with the thoughts coming back about what happened.
I've been talking about this a lot recently, as talking has really helped in me understanding what actually happened to me.---So I'm a 22 year old male, I dated a guy who was 24 starting around June last year. He made me feel so wanted and perfect and loved. He gave me tons of gifts, flowers, etc. I had the perfect guy. And then he would start saying things, little things like once when I mentioned how much I loved ice cream, and he said "We can tell." At first I brushed them off as him being tactless, and maybe having a really dry sense of humour, but he didn't stop doing it. Every now and again he'd make a little comment about how I had been gaining weight recently or I was really clingy. So naturally I ate less and backed off a little bit.That was where my eating disorder started. As I started losing weight after restricting my intake, he would *worship* me. Tell me how beautiful I was becoming. Making me feel amazing. So I kept eating less.Then I remember one day he wanted to have sex. And I told him no. I just wasn't in the mood that day (we had been having sex regularly for a week or so). And he punched me. I remember being shocked as to what had just happened. He picked me up, threw me over his shoulder, and carried me up to his room, and raped me. I was stuck underneath him, hardly able to breathe, my face was smothered down in a pillow.After he finished he went to take a shower, and I just laid there. Utterly shocked at what had just happened. I got dressed and walked about a half mile to a friend's house and asked her to drive me home. After I wasn't talking to my boyfriend for about 3 days, he surprised me by showing up at my house with flowers, and telling me how sorry he was and that it would never happen again, and I believed him. He didn't do it again; for a week. He told me to go wait on his bed for him. I told him no and he attacked me and beat me, and carried me up anyways. After that time, I learned not to say no. I would rather be raped then brutally attacked and *then* raped. This went on for a little over a year, until about a week ago, when I finally told him I was sick of the cycle. And I was breaking up with him.So following some advice from a kind stranger, I decided to dump him in a restaurant. He kept trying to get me to stay, and when he realized it was hopeless, he told me he had been cheating on me for a month, at which point I threw my water on him, and he punched me straight to the ground. A couple guys hopped on him, and were restraining him and someone called the cops. They found a couple grams of cocaine on him, and brought him to the station. I went down to answer some questions, and went home.Fast forward a week to two days ago, about 2 in the morning, and I get a call from his mother telling me that they were in the hospital, and that he had tried to kill himself. She said he had been yelling for me to come to him. So I went down to the psych ward of our local hospital, and he was there in a hospital gown. I walked up to him and just sorta sat in silence for a little while. After what seemed like an eternity, I just looked at him and said "Why me?" He looked me dead in the eye and said that "I just wish I could have taken you with me."I got up and left him, and the staff asked if I would talk to the therapist on call, just to make sure I was alright after a pretty serious homicidal threat. I talked to the guy a little bit about the abuse, and he asked if was going to press charges, I told him no because I couldn't deal with a trial, and am making headway dealing with it on my own (and with a support group at my church). He gave me his number if I ever wanted to chat, and I left.---So that's my abuse story. The whole thing. The thing that I guessed that I learned from the whole ordeal is that some people are never going to change. I believed that he was going to stop hitting me and sexually assaulting me. He never did. If I didn't break up with him, he would still be doing it to me today. 
This is something that happened a couple of months or so ago. I was having sex with my boyfriend, and he was also fingering me in "another place". Once I started getting sore I told him to stop and he did. But only a few seconds or so later, he started again. I can't remember if I told him to stop or just let him continue, though I tend to think I did tell him to stop again, which I know if I did then he did stop because I WOULD remember if he just kept going.We've had similar situations before, but it wasn't an issue because he waited a few minutes and if he did do it again, either I'd tell him to stop again which he would, or if I was OK with it by that point I just let him go ahead. But the above time concerns me because it wasn't that long after he stopped he started again. He said sometimes he forgets because he's so caught up in the moment. I know because I've done the same myself where I was told to stop something and would but sometimes start again without realizing it, then stop once realizing what I was doing. He's always otherwise been good when I told him "no" or "stop", so I don't know if maybe this was just a simple mistake.Do I have a reason to be concerned, or am I worrying over nothing?
I don't know if I should post this here, but it's been on my mind for the past 1,5 year and I need some peace.My boyfriend had a best friend, K. One time she wanted to hang out with him for a whole weekend. I said "You can hang out, but I dont trust her!" (This was because she asked him for sex once, but he refused, because he already had me). He said "don't worry. Whatever she will try to get from me, she wont have it."They hung out, K left sunday afternoon. My boyfriend came to me that evening, he didnt say anything until we were about to go to sleep. He turned on the lights and said "I have to tell you something" and then he told me how K foeced herself on him and 'practically raped him'. He was in tears. I was furious. "That whore!" I said. "You have to take revenge! She cant get away with this!"he told me he would take revenge, but also told me I can never tell anyone about what happened.He didn't take any revenge. He didn't even report it to the police. He just ignored her texts.He also gave very little detail about the rape. When I asked him for more details, and why she stayed the whole afternoon after it happened, he gets frustrated and doesnt want to talk about it.Every time II consider approaching K, my bf immediately says "she will lie to you! She will tell you I wanted it!" And the weirdest thing has yet to come. K approached me, on facebook. A few weeks ago. She said she wanted to come by to visit her old friend, but he doesnt reply to her texts. She thinks I know nothing about what happened, because I never approached her about it. I told my bf about this, and I asked him: what to do?He suggested two things: agree to hang out but don't show up. Or: hang out and pretend that nothing happened.why would he want to do the latter?The rape also didn't seem to have traumatised him at all. He cried when he told me about it, but after that he just happily continued his life. To this day he says he just gave it a place and moved on with his life, and he says I should move on too. But I cant.I'm sorry if I seem misunderstanding of rape but I find his behaviour to just be very suspicious for a rape victim. How do I know if he is actually raped?Or did he just had sex with her and told me she raped him so the blame will go to her? And doesnt want me to approach her or anyone about it? Should I approach her anyway?
I'm currently going through a breakup with my girlfriend [24] of 2.5 years. It's heartbreaking, but something keeps nagging at me.To say the circumstances around it are complex would be an understatement. She has a history of childhood sexual abuse, as well as neglect and psychological abuse from multiple parental figures. She was diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder after a suicide attempt in late 2012. We started seeing each other in late 2013.I won't get too detailed here, but from December to early March (when I found out) she cheated on me multiple times with multiple guys. What doesn't sit right to me is that our relationship was pretty much the best it had ever been in the months before. She was working on her issues with a therapist, she had just moved in with me, and she had just started a new job. Things were good.Some quick (or not so quick) background: She knew this guy for years. She worked with him before I knew her and before her suicide attempt and he was good for her to talk to when she going through some stuff. I knew him as well, from work. Before I knew her, he had a huge crush on her, but she didn't have those kinds of feelings for him, but valued him as a friend. After she transferred to another location, when we started going out, he didn't take it well, and wouldn't talk to her. He said it was about something else, and maybe it was. Either way it upset her that he didn't want to talk to her.Fast forward a year and a half of so, and he gets a promotion to the same location she had transferred to. This got them talking again. When she got a new job, she decided she wanted to stay in touch with him. I wasn't a fan of his, but I trusted her. Despite my anxieties about her hanging out with him (anxieties I had whenever she did stuff without me, which was something I was working on) I didn't put up a fight about it. I knew it was important to her.I remember the first night she cheated, though I didn't know it at the time. It was the first time they hung out outside of work. I don't remember what else they did, but they ended up having drinks at his house. It got later and later and I didn't hear from her. Seeing as how she's a girl who rarely has her phone out of reach, I was worried. Eventually she got in touch, and told me how she got very drunk and very sick and was actually afraid she might have alcohol poisoning. She got home at about 5 in the morning, and seemed upset, and came to bed.It came to light later that they had sex while she was drunk. She said she didn't want to, but sh never said no.Due to her prior history, she already had issues being able to say no when she didn't want to. Pretty early in our relationship I started feeling like she was sometimes going through with sex with me when she didn't want to. After talking about it, she became comfortable enough with me to say no when she didn't want to. It was never easy, but that combined with me being more aware of the signs made me feel confident I wouldn't do anything she didn't want. Anyway, she ended up being with him again on two other occasions. Looking back, soon after that first time was when things between us started getting tougher. There were other hard things happening in her life at the same time, though, so I'm not sure what had the biggest effect on her, or if it was a combination. Either way, a believe she started falling back into her BPD tendencies, and ended up cheating on me with another two guys (three occasions, I believe, but it might have just been two), and pretty much started a relationship with the third guy while she was still with me.So, my question is does it sound like that first time was rape? When I brought the possibility up to her she told me she didn't like thinking about it. Is it a thing for victims to go back and have consensual sex with their assailants, maybe as a way of taking back some feeling of control, or something?I don't know if there's much I can do for her right now. We have limited contact and she's currently blindly enamored with the new guy. I believe she is still seeing her therapist bi-weekly, but I doubt she'll bring it up any time soon. I guess I'm just trying to make some sense of things.
So 4 years ago my brother raped me. I was 13 at the time and he was 16/17 I believe.  Our parents went on vacation and he couldn't go to his girlfriends house because he got drunk and came home not knowing their flight was delayed. He was pissed and picked a fight with me that night when they were gone. I guess since I was his pretty gay little brother with long hair I was the next best thing. I remember I had lime green sheets on my bed. After he raped me he made me wash my sheets and I didn't clean the lint filter so it was green. I don't know why and how but my mom randomly brought it up. Her exact words were "I know for a fact the only reason you would wash your sheets is when you spill cereal on it and there was no milk in the house when we left". I forgave him last week and we decided to keep it a secret but I guess his guilt took over and he told her. She said she didn't know what to do and how to react so she tried to forget about the entire thing. I can't believe she could do that. She knew for 4 years why I rarely left my room, why I didn't like being alone with my other brothers, and why I kept having nightmares and never did shit about it. I've meter felt so betrayed by anyone in my life. Would I be wrong if I never talked to her again? Is it too late for CPS to do something to this bitch. I literally hate everyone right now. I want to kill myself and I feel like I don't have anyone!
Right so throwaway for obvious reasons...Friend of mine, told me about her ex-boyfriend who was an absolute ****. Didn't value her, made her pay for loads, ran of with about £100 when they broke up etc. etc.She said that when they had sex, she begged him to use a condom and said she wouldn't do it without one. However he carried on anyway. She even convinced herself she was pregnant (she wasn't).I've told her loads that she should report it to police etc. but she keeps saying that "it's fine it's gone it was ages ago anyway". She told her sister and mum, didn't tell her dad because he'd literally murder him.She knows it was wrong, what he did, but she won't have any of it with me saying she should go to the police.tl;dr: Friend refused sex without condom, bf carried on anyway. Won't go to police or anyone becuase "it was a while ago"
so i just wanted to tell you about my story how i was molested and almost raped. cause i cant keep it in anymore. its eating my soul up. so i was 4 years old and had no worries and nothing. suddenly my dads friend came up to me was like: i will f you. of course i was so scared and shocked that i couldn't say anything i just kept it all in. then one night they called my mom and wanted us to over their house. my mom said no but nonetheless they still came and picked us up. he whispered to me in my ear he wants to f me again. my mom wanted to leave the house with his wife. because (his wife and him planned it together) she persuaded my mom to go with her but of course i was screaming and said dont leave he wants to f me but she strangely didnt understand me..( cause she was filipino and couldnt talk german well). when they left he looked out the window until they were gone. he ran to me and grabbed me and pinned me down on his sofa so i couldnt move. of course i screamed and fought and cried but i couldnt do anything. he kissed me everywhere and did oral sex on me . of course i looked away cause i was so scared. he kept going on and said to me. now he is gonna put it in. and i screamed no no no no. and then he said no i wont do it. they will find out if he do it. so he didnt do it and kept doing oral sex on me with his gross tongue and rubbed my thing nonetheless. he then still tried to put it in but it didnt work. then he rubbed his gross thing on the outside of my thing. it hurt so much. that was going on for 2 hours. until they came back. his wife of course looked in from the outside and saw us. of course she would help him she was a filipino prostitute and wanted to satisfy her man. then my mom came and she saw how red my vagina was when they were in another room. my mom wanted to go out but his wife wouldnt let us out. so we went home the next morning and went home. after this we went to the doctors and i was still in shock i couldnt talk or say anything. they said nothing happened but they didnt know what he did. i know what happened was so bad and sick. even my dad didnt believe my mom because he was such a good friend to my dad. my dad told her to not go the police because he has children and family. my mom just insulted him on the phone and then the police came and she told them the story but nothing happened. because we dont have evidence. so my mom went to a magistrate but after this didnt go to court. i still have like psychic stress because of this i even had to go to a mental hospital. i know this still affects me till this day and this man can walk freely and happily around. so in the last few weeks i looked up his and his familys facebook. i insulted him and his wife who helped him and told his daughters what a disgusting rapist pig he is. no one of course believes me because on the outside he seems like a shy and nice guy but in the inside he is sick in the head. so now i dont know if the police will come after me and stuff but i will tell them what happened that night and that it scarred me for life. i will try to go to a thing where they help victims and i hope i can put this man in jail. its also that my parents got a divorce because of this cause they fought with each other after this all the time. well.. thats how life goes does anyone have any advice for me? how can i get revenge? or how i could bring him in jail or can i even bring him in jail. im from switzerland btw so thats why my english was so bad. i just needed to let everything out if you wanna help me please message me. i have like a plan to call my friends and tell them to beat the shit out of him but idk. in the last few days i just cant stop thinking about it. i contemplated about suicide and stuff. i was thinking im am so worthless. why am i living in a world like this. why does sex have to exist tell me? and why do men have to like it so much that they wanna rape? i just thought about how i wish there would be an atomic bomb or nuclear war so no one would ever be alive anymore because humanity has officially gone to shit. im sorry.  i know i need a therapist but im afraid i will be locked up again. im just thinking why do i have to be locked up while this sick rapist can walk freely around? he always goes to the philippines probably to molest more children. i know now my life is shit and stuff thats why i always think about it. i didnt finish school dont go to work. i dont do anything in life anymore because im so depressed im just the whole day at home on my phone. my father died too when i was 13 so im stuck with my mom who i was always violent to. my dad used to punch her before me. but thats a whole other story. fuck of course no one tried to help us because i was foreign fucking asian. those racists. he fucking knew i would never talk
Almost 10 years ago when I was 6 (I'm now 15). I remember a teacher at my school would regularly sexualy and mentally abuse me. I remember that at first it was just verbal abuse that he direct toward me. And at the time it was really harmful to me seeing as I was only 6 years old. I remember that later it became more physical, and sometimes when there was no other adults around he would push and slap me. This started to become more sexual, I remember him leading me to the boys bathroom, which was never used by the students. (The boys just used the girls restroom since it was bigger. And seeing as he was he only male teacher none of the teachers ever came in). He would take me to one of the stalls pull down my pants and then rape me while he had his hand over my mouth so I couldn't scream. I remember him doing this to me multiple times, and I was kind of a special needs kid and he was the one that managed me so I never felt like I could tell anyone else about the physical abuse. I didn't understand what rape was until I was in 4th grade and I didn't understand how gay sex worked or that males could be raped until around 6th grade. I didn't really understand what had happened to me until years after it happened. It's one of the only distinct memories of my childhood and it's still very vivid. The reason that I don't know if this happened or not is because I am schizophrenic. I have many things that I remember happening that never actually happened. I remember seeing dead bodies on the side of the road as a kid, and many other things like that. I'm sure if this really happened. I have experienced first hand what just the mental effects of being accused of sexual assault are when you are innocent, and I don't wish that upon anyone else. I don't want to ruin this mans life if he is innocent, and I don't want to get him fired. I've also moved on from all of it for the most part. That being said I feel a lot of pressure and anxiety from this. I want to tell my girlfriend about it. I know that she would support me, as she has through many other things that are equally as terrible and I know that she would help me. I am just unsure that I am deserving of her sympathy, time, and worry for something that might have not even happened.I apologize if this is hard to read. I’m crying as I write this and I’m shaking quite a lot 
Alright, so I'm not going to go into the rape itself very much. I know what it was, and I know I should've handled it differently, but I was really scared and I have bad anxiety so obviously my anxiety was through the roof and it was all I could do to get myself home. The point of this post is: how can the people who claim to care about you treat you like shit once they know it's happened to you. One of my closest friends told me I deserved it and that no one should care, and my dude at the time told me he found me disgusting and my life was disturbing to watch, and that he didn't want to see me again or have any kind of relationship with me. Yes, yes. That's how you treat someone. gahHad to get it off my chest but as you can tell, can't really say any of this to my friends.
I'm not really sure if this is the right place to come for this, but I need advice. So on Saturday night I went out on a date with this guy that I had met from online once before. We walked down on the beach close to the water. He laid a blanket down on the sand for us to sit on, which at the time I didn't think much about. We talked for a few mins and then he started kissing me which I was fine with. All of a sudden he got on top of me, pulled my pants down and started having intercourse with me. I just laid there in shock. I really didn't know what to do in that moment. I didn't say no because I was afraid, but I definitely did not give consent. He knew that I didn't want to have sex, because we had talked about it prior. I have only told my sister about this, and she said that because I didn't actually say no that I can't really fight this. Is that true? I'm so mad at myself for not speaking up. I feel extremely violated, but I'm not sure what to do. It has been several days now since it happened. It makes me sick to my stomach because I'm sure that I'm not the only girl he has done this to.
Perhaps I'm angry about this? Really? Maybe? I've never been before.
I'm new here and still learning how to type,  also i apologize for possinle triggers....but anyway when I was growing up me and my brother were always close. The first incident was When I was about 12 we were staying over at a mutual friends house, I had some juice (I didn't drink) but soon felt groggy and almost drunk or dizzy... I woke up to him taking my pants off.... He has me laying on top of a dead rotting rodent (I don't know why) and it smelled horrible and he had removed all my clothes and was touching my vagina and chewing on my breasts... He began to rape me and I couldn't move... Then something happened... Our friends roommate woke up to go to work. my brother quickly cowered away... This strange man saved me without ever knowing. The shame still haunts me... I feel gross and I hate him now. There was one other incident that was very similar.... I was smoking a cigarette and drinking koolaid.... Before I knew it I couldn't move and I was stiff as a board! I couldn't move at all I was so scared! I pushed myself over a short fence into my neighbors yard scratching up my legs and face really bad but it was all I could do to fight him off. I just dragged myself on the rocks until passing out finally.  I don't remember much else about this night, but my mother never found out until years later. She wasn't even surprised, she knew something was up with him but she never brought it up again. At least she knows why i can't be around him anymore, I ran away from home very young and had a troubled life. At least she understands now. I married his best friend and cheated on him ... I can't handle relationships with men and my husband hates me. I feel so sranded and alone all the time . I can't trust anyone, is this normal?
*Since posting this I have talked to a victims sexual assault line and a women's help centre and they have encouraged me to pursue legal action.*This ended up going on a lot longer than I thought it would. It does express some scenes that might be triggering for some.I looked at his Facebook for 2 hours tonight. I searched the internet about laws of consent in 2006, I found parts of reddit I didn't know existed (although I am an unexperienced reddit user). I was struck by the power, or complete lack of it, people have when claiming that someone sexually assaulted them, how broken the justice system is against victims of rape, I thought about how relatively easy it seems to destroy someones life over the internet. I felt sick. I still do. I don't think I've ever entertained this idea of bringing him to "justice" as much as I have tonight. To go back to the cops, to tell them how it really happened, to make a solid case against him or perhaps take matters into my own hands... get my own justice.This whole story is a long one, as it went on for quite some time. But the jist of it is my teacher and I had a sexual relationship for almost a whole year. It ended with him trying to get my younger friend into bed with us for a threesome. She went to the cops, and he threatened to kill himself if I gave him up. "His life would be over, everything he loved would be taken from him, there would be no reason for him to live anymore." So I lied to the police, to my family, I made it sound like all the times he fucked me on trash bags in the forest by the road, wasn't as awful as it was, that after preparing to see him for 48 hours he would threaten to abandon me if I didn't at least attempt to give him head, wasn't as humiliating as it was, that the times he hit me or threatened me, never happened at all.I was a virgin, he was my first. I've told myself for a long time that I must have wanted it because I let it go on for so long, that maybe I did love him in some way, that I lied to my parents for all that time because I was a fucked up whore. Not because I was a child of 15 being coerced into sex by a teacher who was more than double my age. He was never charged, never placed on any sort of "watch" list. He did lose one of his teaching jobs, but luckily (for him) he was close friends with his boss, who didn't spread word to the other school he worked at. In my head it seems so much like my fault but when I start saying the words, it hits me. That it wasn't my fault. That man was a fucked up human being. Something is wrong with HIM. But I still don't believe it, even though I have told myself over and over it wasn't my fault. it wasn't my fault.Over the years, I've discovered that the emotional scars are far deeper and messier than the physical ones. It's to the point that I'm not so mad about the sex part anymore, but more so the way he used it to completely and utterly own me. He violated my body and mind. My life hasn't been easy since then. After a car accident, a failed engagement, illness, and a recent divorce. I felt like I didn't have the energy to figure out if I wanted to pursue some sort of retribution. I blame him for a lot for the difficult emotional issues I face now.    But is going through pressing charges really going to help me heal? For about an hour I was tempted with trying to inflict some sort of internet revenge on him, tell his new wife what he had done to me, dox him (I only found out what that was today), or create some wiki page about him, ruin him.   I have dismissed the idea of "destroying" him online. The amount of energy it took out of me was staggering, despite me only laying on my couch reading my laptop. Why do I want to go after him now? After all these years? I'm not sure. It's been 10 years since this man sexually, emotionally and mentally abused me. I'm not sure where I would start in bringing this to the authorities, or what will happen if I do. That scares me. If I go to lengths to have him tried for this and then nothing happens, that he is never punished. It might be only more traumatizing. I've brought this idea with my current boyfriend, who knows a small amount of what happened that year with Mr. Shithead. So I do have some support on this side of my computer. I'm really sorry if I am doing this all wrong on here. I have no idea how to format. I'm suddenly terrified about posting this. If there is anything I should revise on this please let me know. I want to get reddiquette right the first time.Thanks for getting through this long wall of text.
i got a call from him in tears telling me what happened. he told me everything that happened. he said he hasnt told anyone besides me,  it's not about me, it definitely does affect me but im more worried for his safety and wellbeing sorry if this post is a bit sloppy but i'm just so scared i told him to answer me as soon as he wakes up
Hi there.  Long time lurker, having a really hard time today.  I have been trying to heal from some serious childhood abuse that happened at my pre-school and having been raped multiple times and very badly molested as a very young child and I managed to block it out for most of my life.  Over the last few years I've actually been trying to deal with it.  It overwhelms me in flashbacks and I've been diagnosed with PTSD. The issue is that I also have Narcolepsy with Cataplexy so my body literally shuts me down.  Today I woke up with such extreme emotion (which is unusual because I usually numb or dissociate or push it down at all cost) and couldn't take two steps without my knees buckling and falling to the ground. I know there is a link between narcolepsy and trauma but on days like this I feel like the biggest failure as a human.  How can I be so shut down and unable to face my own emotions that I can't even function.  And recovery is taking so long.  I am overwhelmed with pain and keep getting flu's. I just want to move forward.  I want to let go of this pain.  I have so much ANGER inside of me that at least is a step forward (because initially actually had love for the perpetrator a two year old only knows how to be loving).  But I'm angry now and so overwhelmed at the anger I feel towards the perpetrator.  Also feeling anger (more frustration) torwards myself for having such a hard time, and anger at the world for not being able to relate.  Very few people know I'm struggling with anything at all somehow, even though I'm not actually earning money really, nor really functioning but I'm ANGRY that nobody knows what I'm going through, and ANGRY at feeling so alone.  I just wanted to reach out and see if anyone could relate or something...My heart goes out to everyone in this subreddit too because I read your stories and Rape is such a horrible thing.  :(Stay strong everyone and please send some positive encouragement my way if possible.  I feel like such failure at LIfe today or like the biggest fuckup in the world for taking so long to heal or having such a hard time.  Hugs (if you want them)
My boyfriend and I have been together for a little over a year. He really likes anal sex and I really don't. I have bowel issues and anal sex hurts SO badly for me. I have let him fuck me anally a couple times in the past and he brings up doing it quite often. For the last couple months whenever he brings it up I tell him that I do not want to do it again and how it's painful it is for me. Last night we were having sex from behind when he took it out of my vagina and just shoved it into my ass. I immediately started crying but he kept going until he finished. I never actually said no during this experience but I feel like the crying was a good clue i didn't want it. I also feel like from the multiple times I've told him I didn't want anal again he should have known. Was this rape? Am I right to feel violated and upset?
Hi, I'm new to Reddit and just really needed to ask people, who don't know me, this as I don't feel comfortable talking about this to those other than my boyfriend. I'll get to it. Last week me and my boyfriend began an open relationship (personal reasons) and I told only one person about this, male best friend. I'd previously dated him a couple of times, we never had sex though, and he's still in love with me, but told me the day before this happened that he saw me as his chosen family, he also told me how he felt and I didn't say I felt the same. He also told me he'd happily have sex with me and I didn't agree. Well that day I revealed to him that I hadn't stopped self harming and he held me close and hugged me better before inviting me round his to stay over and play games. I agreed, my boyfriend didn't like it but we were arguing at the time and I was being immature and didn't see the issue. Anyway. Me and my friend ended up sleeping in the same bed. We were not touching when we fell asleep. I began to wake up early morning and he had his arm around me, I continued to doze for a few hours and felt him get closer, hug me tight and kiss my neck, my body obviously reacted to these of course and I was going in and out of sleep. At one point I woke up completely and he asked if I minded cuddling, I said no, I like cuddling after all and I was in an open relationship so I didn't see the issue. Well, I fell asleep again.This time my friend began pressing into me slightly, moving closer and running his hands up my back and up my shirt onto my stomach slightly. I wasn't really uncomfortable at this point though.Well, at one point I rolled onto my back and he climbed on top of me and kissed me, I kissed back slightly because I didn't mind kissing, but I was awkward and I felt weird about kissing him but I was also really tired and just wanted to sleep. When he stopped kissing he told me he wanted me and asked if I wanted him. All I remember doing is shrugging and murmuring 'dunno'. I do not remember saying yes. He then told me he doesn't have protection and if that was ok, I didn't reply and just put my head down, at this point his forehead was on mine and he kissed me again.Needless to say it went further. Clothes came off and I started to feel incredibly uncomfortable. But I hadn't said no out right. But I also hadn't said yes? Either way he began having sex with me, I was still incredibly tired right now by the way, and I really wanted out of the situation. I didn't hold him close but I also didn't push him away. I kind of just wanted it over with and I left pretty soon after. I didn't think anything of it and I told my boyfriend he got mad and I later, received a message from my friend saying he's sorry and that he's aware he manipulated the situation to have sex with me.I've looked into the definition of consent and rape and I'm not sure I gave consent and I do not know if this is rape... Please help me because I don't want it to be rape but I scared it is, or at least sexual assault. I want to be friends with him, but I don't know if I can depending on what happened...
The full story of my relationship is a mess also involving a suicidal ex, but i'll stick to the nasty bit. During my relationship there were a few times he had sex with me without consent that involved us being intoxicated that I know I can't do anything about although they might also be considered rape. The one that really bothers me an that i'd still like to report happened at the end of our relationship and both of us were sober.To summarize: We house-sat for his parents and slept in their bed since it was overnight. He brought me over late, I was extremely tired but he wanted sex. I told him no and pushed him off several times, but he forced himself on me, afterwards I fell asleep and tried to pretend it hadn't happened.I rationalized it for a while, but other issues came up and I decided to end the relationship, and began to accept that what had occurred that night was, in fact, rape. I hadn't made note of the date though and by the time I accepted what had happened i'd already deleted him and blocked him on all platforms.I might have been able to close the book on this whole situation, but a close friend of mine is dating someone who still hangs out with my ex, meaning that she has to spend a lot of time around him and her boyfriend decided to believe my ex's story over mine telling me that he thinks i'm lying despite knowing (and having admitted that he knows) how seriously I take rape accusations and that my ex is a habitual liar.So, a year later and not knowing more than the general time frame of when my rape occurred is there any chance of the police taking me seriously? I don't want to press charges or deal with my ex any more, but I want his actions on record, because he's done similar (albiet less extreme) things in the past with no record and I fully believe he will do it again in the future. 
I work in the events world and we had a guest at an event who offered me a ride home only to then take me back to his apartment for a "drink".  There he forced me into acts against my will that I cringe thinking about as I kept telling him to stop.  It's been 5 years now and I still see him at these events from time to time but recently I've been much more bothered by it and I'm thinking of asking my boss to not invite this person but if I do I'm afraid it could cause a problem for my boss as this person is "important".  Do I at least have the right to ask my boss or not have to interact with this man at these events? It makes me so angry now every time i have to see him.  Any advice would be welcome. Thank you!
Sarah and I have been very close friends since middle school. We've had our ups and downs, often relating to her changing everything about herself when she dates guys, but this is...something I don't know how to handle.I met Sarah's boyfriend, Tom [26M], a year and a half ago when I was home on winter break. I liked him well enough; despite being older, he seemed sweet and unlike in the past, it didn't seem like Sarah had changed her whole personality to be exactly what he wanted.When I came home from college last May, I met Tom's best friend, Zack [25M]. All three of them live in a house owned by Tom. A few hours after I left their house, Sarah called and said Zack was really interested in me and wanted my number. I thought he was kind of boring, but Sarah talked me into it.Our first date started at a restaurant and ended watching movies at their house. Zack made me a very strong alcoholic drink and I didn't feel comfortable driving home, especially because I'm underage and it would have been a 45 minute drive. Sarah set up an air mattress for me and she and Tom went to bed early. When the movie ended, Zack talked me into sleeping in his room and lied, saying we didn't have to "do anything." Instead, he raped me; I cried and said no many times and he went ahead anyway.So when Zack tried calling and texting me the next week, I quietly freaked out and just...ignored him. I knew I had an out of state internship that I was leaving for in approximately 3 weeks, so this seemed like a good solution to my anxious brain. Then I got a call from Sarah, complaining about how whiny Zack was being because I was ignoring him and how I needed to fix that.Which is how I ended up on a second date with him at the movie theater. I thought a public place would be safe, but Zack would not stop groping me throughout the movie.I went back to ignoring him and when Sarah called to complain again, I was firm and said she needed to deal because I wasn't interested. I did not tell her about what really happened until I came home from my internship, just before I went back to college (early August). She seemed really understanding as to why I wouldn't want to be around Zack anymore and when we hung out over winter break, it was always away from her house.I have been in therapy for what happened and was even hospitalized in January for trying to kill myself. I struggle a lot with blaming myself. If you're going to write comments about how it's my fault or whatever, please be respectful and click the back button instead. The rape happened and that's not the issue.My issue is this: Sarah and Tom got engaged last month. She is ecstatic and I want desperately to be happy for her, but instead, I keep having nightmares about Zack being the best man and me being the maid of honor and being forced to walk down the aisle together. It's bad enough that I'm considering asking not to be a bridesmaid all together, but then I imagine watching their wedding from the crowd while my rapist is up there, standing next to Tom and that freaks me out too.I honestly don't know what to do or say. I think Sarah has kind of figured out that I'm less than enthusiastic about her engagement, but is not necessarily connecting the dots as to why.TLDR: my bff's fiance's bff raped me last year and despite her knowing this, I don't know how to break it to her that I likely won't be able to go to her wedding for my own mental health if he's involved.
I'm a long time Reddit user and often frequent r/relationships. I originally posted there but was recommended by the mods to check this subreddit. Reddit users have given me a lot of insight on how to generally be a better person, what is and what isn't normal behavior and all that stuff so I figured maybe you could help me gather my thoughts. I made a throwaway because I'm embarrassed and the anonymous nature of this helps. A part of me feels like I don't even have a problem at all especially when I see the kind of hurtful stuff you guys went through.I was born overseas (in an Eastern European country) and currently live in the United States. My parents moved here with me when I was 10-11 years old. We were never rich but I was fortunate enough to be blessed with a good work ethic and intelligence (maybe) and received full academic scholarships to an undergraduate honors program and later to a good law school. I've been successfully employed since graduation, have a lot of friends, am very successful with women, am genuinely well liked and my whole family considers me a "golden god" that all my cousins get compared to. I have a ton of hobbies, play sports in my free time, read, maintain a great physique. Reading the above description of myself to a bunch of strangers makes me want to legitimately punch myself in the face. Once again I am doing the "everything is good" portrayal when on the inside I hate myself.I've struggled with poor self-esteem, depression, anxiety and commitment issues for as long as I remember. I feel internally void. This has been something that I never got help or seen a therapist for. Growing up my family had very little appreciation for mental health and if I ever brought something up to my parents about not feeling "ok", I was sushed and told I'm just sad, or that "all geniuses have something wrong with them."Last year I ended up breaking up with a long term girlfriend of mine mostly due to my fear of settling down and committing to her. I didn't want to do her the disservice of not shitting and not getting off the pot and called it quits. This started somewhat of a downward spiral for me. I started experimenting with drugs, partying way too much and having tons of promiscuous sex. Outwardly, no one but my close friends would notice this shift in my personality as I've remained productive at work, fun to be around and all that good stuff.I apologize for the long rant but I think this background info is what brings me to my current issue. A few weeks ago I finally forced myself to see a doctor for a regular check up (I've never really been sick) and then therapist. The amount of stress at work led me to believe that the best way to deal with it would be to get a Xanax prescription. I never wanted to self-introspect myself or get any real help. However, the visit to the therapist did do something for me. The first time there I broke down. Ever since then I've been getting these weird thoughts about my childhood and why I am the way I was.After about 2-3 meetings with my therapist, I realized I did not have a normal childhood relationship with my grandmother. Because my mother had me very young and my father was constantly working, my grandma was somewhat of a primary caregiver for me. I always considered her very sweet, very beautiful, caring and loving. I did and still do love her which makes me feel so weird.I'm slowly getting flashbacks of things that are making me realize that we didn't really have a normal relationship. In particular I started remembering the fact that she always insisted we sleep together up until I was 10 years old. She used to wear see through nightgowns only when I was around. She used to come into the bathroom to use the toilet when I was bathing or showering. She used to "help me" take showers even when I was 10 by touching and rubbing my genitals, pulling back my foreskin, etc. I vividly remember being aroused at this sometimes and embarrassed. She told me not to worry, that I couldn't be more perfect because I had a big penis and would make my wife really happy in the future. She used to wear dresses and skirts with no underwear and purposely show off to me. She left those Cosmo type magazines with articles such as "10 best sex positions" wide open for me to find around the house.I never thought any of this was weird at the time. It wasn't like I was totally bombarded by sex. It was sporadic but I remember it clear as day now.My therapist and googling around both sort of show me that a lot of my current problems might stem from this. I've never experimented with drugs but it's been somewhat of a regular occurrence now for me (ever since I started getting these vivid memories). I have some suicidal or nihilistic thoughts like nothing matters. I have a sex addiction and participate in risky sexual behaviors. I have a hard time getting along with other men (either in my professional field or socially, aside from my few close male friends) but enjoy the company of women. I have had a lot of sex with women much older than me (late 30s-40s). I haven't visited my home country in over 10 years always coming up with some reason like I'm too busy with school/work (maybe subconsciously my mind was telling me not to). I feel like I can't keep this up for too long because I don't want to self destruct.The worst part is, I can't tell anyone. My grandmother (the one in question) has been recently diagnosed with breast cancer and her chemo failed. She's going to have her surgery soon and is in terrible shape. My mother would be devastated by these news. I'm afraid it would rip my family apart or they would label me as a deviant trying to wreck my grandma's good name.If there's anyone in my situation, what did you do to cope? I can't even be sure I'm not making up all of this inside my head or making it sound worse than it really is. What kind of therapy do you suggest for this? Do I bring this up to anyone if there's a good chance my grandma dies soon? What about my cousins who will be having small children soon? I'm just so confused.I apologize for this huge wall of text and thank anyone who has read it.tl;dr: I might have been sexually abused by my grandmother while growing up. I didn't remember much of it but recently have been getting vivid flashbacks. She has been diagnosed with cancer and might die soon. Coincidentally, it's affected my life in a negative way and I want help before I crash and burn.
 When i was 13, a guy who was popular and i looked up to i used to hang around with every now and then, id just started smoking and drinking a bit, i think he was 18 at the time so cos he had easy access to booze and fags i used to like chilling with him. But one night he messaged me and i went to his, and we had a couple of drinks, then he went on to put porn on his phone, which obviously i was interested in at my age, which led on to him doing my hair and eventually asking to suck me off, i was really drunk at this time so i agreed cos i thought at the time 'its sweet cos im not sucking anyone off its just him to me', id said this to him and he was saying he wasnt gay and that he just liked it sometimes. So he left the porn on his phone and proceeded to suck me off. Now I didnt actually say no to him at any point, but i was really drunk and i didnt fully understand what it was that was happening, im a guy, completely 100% straight too, but i want to know if this was abuse or not?? I really want to know if this was the cause of loads of shit in my life so far, im now 17. Any help would be much appreciated
I'm in full panic mode right now and dont know what the fuck to do.so I was at a party a few nights ago and my best friend apparently pulled a drunk guy off of me who was trying to physically DRAG me into a bedroom. I just heard about it from my friends afterwards. I don't remember a whole lot from that night. I get it's my fault for getting that drunk. I'm glad nothing happened.but I go over to his house to talk to him and say thank you yesterday and he starts sobbing and yelling at me out of nowhere and says 'you're fucking lying' and 'im a fucking rapist and a sex offender' and 'i've abused you for 3 years now' and 'everyone's gaslighting me about what happened last night'. And then he SHOVES me when I go to hug him and tell him he's okay, and then he slams the door. He's the sweetest gentlest guy I know he's never even so much as cussed at me.I saw him on campus just today and tried to talk to him and he threatened to 'call campus security' for 'spreading lies about how I helped you'. He looked scared of me like I was going to physically hurt him. Then he ran away. It destroyed me. I skipped my last class for today. I'm still fucking sobbing just thinking about it I can barely type idk wtf to do. I've known him for 3 years idk wtf is going on.He's always been there for me no matter what. I literally feel like I'm literally going crazy like none of this is real. Help me. why the fuck would he act like this the day after protecting me. what's going on in his mind?? help. I just want my sweet caring friend who protected me backTL;DR: My best friend snapped at me out of nowhere and started spouting absolute nonsense. Does he need to go to the hospital? Do I need to just give him time?I"m sorry if this belongs somewhere else.
I originally posted this on /r/relationships, and it got removed for talking about rape. I don't know if it will be allowed back up there or not, but I wanted to post it here. My long-distance boyfriend and I had a huge fight (if that even what it was) about my past yesterday. I need to preface this/ contextualize this first, and apologies for the length.A bit of back story:Now, I am (thankfully) very happy and healthy mentally now, but I wasn't always.When I was 21, after my first real relationship of two years fell apart, I wasn't in a good place. I decided to stop wallowing and 'get back out there,' so to speak. At a house party, a guy and I started chatting. He seemed nice enough, and we started making out. We went into an empty bedroom for some alone time and things started getting intimate. I started feeling really uncomfortable and decided I wasn't really ready to do something I might regret.He insisted that I was being a huge tease and at the very least owed him a blowjob. At that point, I started getting frightened and decided that if I got it over with, I could get out of there. He wasn't pleased with my 'performance,' and decided it wasn't good enough. He proceeded to have sex with me. I didn't really struggle, I was too shocked and he kept insisting I wanted it and that I was just being a tease.I have never told a soul about it, and for a long time I didn't even think about it as rape. It was just, one of those things. But I found out I was pregnant. I was terrified and too young to think of being a mother, nonetheless with a father I only met once - I don't even know his real name. His friends all called him Fido, a nickname. I have always been pro-choice, and decided an abortion was really the only option for me. Afterwards, I felt relief but I also felt shame, and it isn't something I talk about.After my abortion, I didn't date or anything for a long time. Surprisingly, I have been in a really great place mentally since then. I went to Wales for a year long work opportunity, and I had a great experience. That's when I met my current boyfriend and since we have been dating, I've never felt safer or more happy. After I left we decided to try long distance. So far, everything has been going well. It hasn't been without challenges of course, but we're quite serious about each other and love each other very much. We're doing what we can to make it work and have been to visit each other twice now.He has some serious issues with depression, and I've tried to be supportive and helpful whenever I can. He is really hard on himself, and definitely has some self-esteem issues. I try to encourage him and support him when I can, and he always tells me how thankful he is to have met me and how lucky he is.This brings us to yesterday (and for those reading, thanks for sticking with me).My boyfriend and I were chatting like we do everyday - long distance sucks but we've been dealing with it. I've wanted to talk to him about my past for a long time but I've never known how to begin. He was talking to me about some hard things for him, and I decided to tell him about my issues with self-harm and my abortion. I didn't mention that it was rape at first, just that I got pregnant. He got really distant suddenly, and then abruptly said, 'I thought I could deal with that but I can't. Goodbye.'I felt like the world just stopped and crashed around me. He unfriended me on Facebook immediately, but didn't block me on our chat. After about ten minutes of disbelief, I messaged him that I couldn't believe what was happening. That was when I told him I had been sexually assaulted and never told anybody about it, and I was so upset he would punish me for getting an abortion in a situation like that. I went and cried for ages and when I went back, he responded saying something to the extent of, I'm so sorry, I didn't realize you'd been raped, and he couldn't begin to explain his issues but he was sorry. I was reeling - I couldn't understand if we were over, what was happening. We messaged a little bit more, and he said he was completely in the wrong and he was sorry again. I told him I just wanted to sleep and I wanted to talk to him tomorrow, I couldn't think clearly.Today I woke up to messages from him saying that because of his depression he felt like he needs support and if I had all these issues, he couldn't be supportive of me, and that it wasn't fair to burden me with the chore of putting up with him (his words). He told me he loved me and he was sorry he screwed things up, and he has an issue burning bridges with people he cares about.After a lot of thought, I sent him a very long message. The basic gist was that I didn't need anything different from him, I wasn't a different person today than I was yesterday. The support I have gotten from him in the past about other things was amazing, and I wanted to share my past with him because I love him and didn't want to feel like I was keeping anything from him. I also made it clear I was really hurt by his words and actions, and I needed some time to get over this. He apologized (again) the way we left things for now was that I will message him when I am ready, but that he was really truly sorry and he wants to work on himself and his depression.I am still hurt and reeling a bit... I have never told anybody about this and now I feel like I made a mistake telling him. I want to forgive him, and I want to believe him that he regrets hurting me. He said he wants to try therapy for his depression again, and I want to support him but I'm also afraid that if things ever get tough in the future, he is going to pull away again. I'm so confused and I don't know what to do now.**tl;dr:** I opened up and told my boyfriend about my abortion and he freaked out. We've been able to talk about it and he has apologized for hurting me, but I don't know how to feel or where to go from here.
Starting with a TLDR: My ex made a credible-sounding suicide threat. I slept with her. She claims she was wasted at the time, and I actually believe her. I know that I need to cut her off, but this whole situation is frustrating, and a bit scary.We'd dated for a bit under a year. We broke up about 4 months ago; she had a mean, emotionally manipulative streak that wasn't getting any better. She's been diagnosed with BPD, and I know it's a real illness, but that didn't make her bad side any easier to deal with.She made a booty call at 2 am. When I turned her down she said "[My name], just promise you'll go to my funeral when I'm dead." I took this seriously because she really did attempt suicide once, before we became a couple, and she sounded like a fucking mess. I know the right thing would have been to call emergency services. No excuses. Instead I went to her place and we had sex.The next morning she asked if we'd had sex, because she said she was too drunk to remember. She hadn't seemed blackout to me, but I don't think she's lying (even at her worst, I don't think she would try to manipulate me with an implied threat like that). I wanted to say no, but I told her the truth. She reacted better than I thought she would and said we needed to stop seeing each other, but I **know** that in a month she's going to try to get me back into bed with her. I know I have to turn her down when that happens.I'm not comfortable telling this to anybody offline. Definitely not the therapists at student health. I know on some campuses I'd be blamed if this went to the administration because she was a drunk woman and I was a comparatively sober man, so I don't feel like testing my luck. But if a drunk man manipulated his ex-girlfriend into fucking him by threatening to kill himself, he'd be called out. I hope people can understand where I'm coming from on this. It's just frustrating.
She never would have done this sober. She had taken 10+ shots and was drunk and incoherent.. I was sober, I don't drink. Mind you, I'm 15 and she's 16 - her mother lets her drink, and her father is an alcoholic. I don't know what to do. She raped me while she was drunk and I'm not sure how to handle it; she went all the way (we're both female), and I can't get the taste of Fireball out of my mouth no matter what I do. I keep having flashbacks and I've woken up in a cold sweat already. It happened 2 days ago. I still care about her so much but I don't know how to fix what's broken now.
Sorry if this is the wrong subreddit, not sure where to post. We have been broken up for awhile but still stay in touch (she lives in a different city). She called me this morning and starts crying.Her account that she has pierced together though still vauge: She goes to bar to wait for friends, some random group starts chatting her up and she hangs out with them for a bit. At some point one of the guys brings a round of beer and she drinks one (in total says she had two shots and that beer). At this point she says out of nowhere she is woosey and feels like a "robot." Somehow this leads to one dude essentially carrying her to his car and drives her to his place. Here she says all she can remember is him "kissing on" and "groping" her. She says that she couldn't even kiss him back as she was "conscious but couldn't move." This morning says almost no communication and she essentially just ran out of the house. She doesn't think sex occurred because she doesn't feel any soreness, and woke up clothed.Not really sure how to handle this. I told her to contact local PD 311 and seek advice (rape kit wouldn't matter as she showered this morning, I don't know if that had even crossed her mind as she says she is in a "fog" and not even able to drive still), and take a plan B as she got off birth control when we broke up. Didn't suggest STD screening yet since it is too soon to show up anyways. I contacted her sister to get her involved. I am being as trusting as possible to how she feels and thinks about the situation. Just really don't know if going that far is appropiate and I know its wrong to think but wonder if this is she went out and made a mistake while being drunk and since she doesn't remember panicking (I haven't said anything like this to her, its just in the back of my mind). Basically I advised the above steps, and told her to not feel ashamed or embarrassed as if someone drugged her she has done absolutely nothing wrong.So far have I advised the right steps, and what should I do next to help her handle things correctly and be supportive?TLDR Ex thinks she is drugged and assaulted. Not sure what resources to point her to etc.
This happened 2 years ago, when I [22F] was dating my ex-boyfriend [21M] of 2 months. One night, I was at his house and I got really drunk. I was lying on his bed. He knows I am a virgin, he was my first boyfriend and before this night, I was never sexually active. I remember my body feeling really heavy and having to pee but I guess I was too drunk to physically pull myself up out of bed or even move. My ex-boyfriend puts his hand underneath my pants and starts fingering me, for the first time ever. He did not ask me for consent but I don't remember saying No either. I remember it felt good (Something I never felt before). He also fingered my vagina and I remember that hurt a bit. I remember wanting to fall asleep and don't remember what happened afterwards. I realize this was a red flag in our relationship but I let it slide because I thought it was normal for couples to be sexual anyway eventually (my ex turned out to be abusive). This was a long time ago (1.5-2 years ago) so I don't remember much detail. Is this sexual assault, rape or what is this?
When I was (17F) my boyfriend (17M) and I were fooling around in a bedroom at a party. We were on the bed, making out, and others were in the dark room (some people were crashing on the floor) - a guy from another class made a joke at us, threw a condom to us as a joke and said: if you're gonna do it, use a condom! We all laughed and in my mind I'm thinking "of course we're not gonna do it! we're just making out!".  But it was dark, and I think we must've been under the covers.  Around that time my boyfriend and I had gotten into the habit of "bumping and grinding" for lack of a better term without our clothes on.  So like: naked, rubbing our genitals against each other but without anything penetrative.  Again: this guy was my first boyfriend and I trusted him.  My point of view at that time was that we were both super horny, having fun.  But then suddenly, unlike we had in the past, he pushed his penis into me. All the way in.  I was shocked - I froze in shock, and the thing that ran through my mind was "oh my god we're having sex? i can't believe this is happening. i didn't think we were going to do this.  i didn't want to do this! i can't believe he thinks i wanted to do this.  oh my god i just let my virginity go like that.  for nothing.  i let myself down".  Thats what was going through my mind as my boyfriend had sex with me.  I can't remember if I did anything other than just lie there, but I think probably midway through I thought since this is happening i guess we should just do it.  So we finished (i mean he finished, more like) and i just rolled off the bed, grabbed my underwear and jeans, and walked to the bathroom.  There was a little bit of blood, I was shaking, stunned, and then cried about it to my friend in the hallway, telling her "we just had sex and I didn't want to do it, I don't think he realized i didn't want to do it. I feel so terrible."  I've always seen this moment as my boyfriend not realizing I didn't know what was going to happen - we both had our pants off, totally grinding etc, and it's reasonable to see how he would've thought we were about to do it and I was consenting.  But in hindsight, even if he thought we were consenting, I didn't consent.  I wonder if acknowledging this will allow me to heal. I suffer from anxiety and depression, sometimes I have sex but I also can avoid it for several years, don't have flashbacks during sex but I've been known to disassociate and since I was about 9 yrs old I've had fantasies about being "raped" (more like dominated) by big scary older men. I don't know if that's remotely connected to this story but I wonder if I have other issues that lead to my not being able to properly speak up for myself the first time I had sex. P.S. Ive changed some minor details for more anonymity - the details of the relationship and the act were not altered. I'm not planning to retroactively press charges or anything - I just want to understand if this is an incident that may have messed me up for years after.TLdr: When I was (17F) my boyfriend (17M) penetrated me without my consent, though I believe he thought I was consenting. Was this rape?
I really would like to kill myself right now, I downloaded a chat room for suicidal people and I'm not getting through, no one will talk to me. I was raped by someone I know and my boyfriend doesn't believe me and then he proceeded to tell everyone I know that I lied and made up that i was raped. This is all on top of years of sexual assault from a family member, and after telling my parents about it finally after months and months of therapy - they didn't do anything. At least they believed me. Funny thing is, probably no one will even see this. 
For context, there is a serial rapist/sexual abuser who is targeting my town. Today there was a picture of my street in the paper, with an article that he is targeting this street specifically as it has 2 high schools and a university village, with 3 reported attacks already. This has me seriously concerned, as a young woman with little self defence knowledge, living just outside of this university complex (which has security, so i'm out of the monitored area). I do late shifts on a saturday night, and have a 15 minute walk home from transport at 11pm every week.The article also said that victims have said he is approaching them and flirting, like he wants a relationship, which is what the psychologists at local universities are saying; that he may continue trying to 'woo' until he gets so frustrated by rejection he may kill someone. My friend suggested acting that you like it. As in, once i realise it is the rapist and he has cornered me/i am unable to attack back/have succumbed to force, play along and pretend i enjoy it and am liking him, let it happen and walk away unharmed? She thinks that if we struggle and fight, he could be too strong and seriously injure/kill us, considering that is the path the police think he is on. I feel like this would be awful, especially considering the emotional trauma that rape causes, and it could ruin a life. To just let him have sex with me and sit through it to walk away? What kind of damage that could do to me without realising? What if i had attacked and gotten away without doing this to myself? I also live in a country where Mace/pepper spray is illegal, so I don't know what sort of self defense i can carry with me. I'm really struggling to figure out how to react if the situation occurs, and it's giving me serious anxiety knowing that it could happen to me. 
Hi everyone . The other day I was assaulted by my ex boyfriend , he choked me . I called the police & they refused to arrest him. They made me feel so worthless.  They laughed the whole time I'm crying , shaking & bleeding. I asked if I could press charges they said I can't because I didn't have any bruises visible when they showed up which was maybe 5 mins after it happened .. they made me leave which left me on the street in a place I hardly know with no friends or family close what so ever .. Fast forward to a few nights later I had to go over to the house to go pack some stuff to try & leave the state & he rapes me also punching me while doing it . I get a few things & leave I walk for maybe 2 to 3 hours in a daze . Upset thinking to my self why me . I try to find a hospital I couldn't (I hardly know where anything is here at all ) I call 911 & tell them what happened they send an ambulance & police which actually took another hour or so to come where I was . During talking to the police I asked to speak to a female one as I didn't feel comfortable with 4 male police officers in a in closed space & they were rude saying if I was really rape I wouldn't care who was in here blah blah blah . They sent me to a hospital.  Once again I asked for a female cop I was yelled at . They said they had to get different cops from another county because my rape didn't happen in their jurisdiction I said ok .. nurses kept saying a cop is on their way ... that was nearly 24 hours ago .. idk what else to do .. I wanna leave & go some where else because they aren't taking me serious I wanna shower. Change clothes & they won't give me a blanket .. I'm depressed . Tired of crying & I'm just over the police here in sacramento california.  This is twice they've treated me like crap.. idk what else to do .
I'd just like to start with a general trigger warning for any one who's ever experienced sexual assault, and apologies for the long text. I'm writing this mainly as a way for me to process and be able to gather my thoughts around this, which is hard to do, even eight years after it happened.I was assaulted and raped in 2008. At that time I was 13 years old, and assaulted by a stranger on a construction site right near my house. I won't go into any detail about this, mainly because I don't remember much, even with intensive therapy. What I do remember is that I had been hanging out on a lot of pages I wasn't supposed to, talking to a lot of guys that were older than me, and one in particular came to mind when I was asked who did this. He lived just two minutes away from my house, and was 21 at the time. We never met, and to this day I still don't know exactly what he looks like. I never disclosed this to the police. I was far too scared to wrongfully accuse a stranger I'd only talked to a few times online of something he didn't do. This experience completely ruined me. I used to be the kind of kid that would quite literally jump around in the streets, singing. That awkward kid that had no social skills at all, but still was pretty damn close to normal. After this I broke up with my boyfriend (who was 16 - which tells you a great deal about what kind of crowd I was hanging in) because I felt guilty. I couldn't concentrate in class, and everything was going to shit. Two months after it happened, I broke. I'll never forget what it feels like to watch your parents cry about something that happened to you. I've never felt more guilty in my entire life. So I was sent to therapy. My therapist was kind, but not very good. She kept focusing on different things that had nothing to do with the assault. In retrospect I honestly think she didn't believe that I was raped. I can see why, as I was withholding information from everyone with me having been online on pages that I shouldn't have, etc. So with all those holes, there is no wonder my story didn't seem very credible.The day after I finished therapy my friend and I were hanging out, when an old childhood friend of mine showed up all of a sudden. He was two years older than me (which made him 15), and we decided to hang out with him. We went to my room, talked and had fun. I even flirted with him a little, since he seemed interested. The thought of physical contact scared me, though. So I tried to avoid it, but it turned out to be difficult. He was clingy, and I was scared that if I said no, he would just continue. So instead of saying no, I just let him. It was harmless. Eventually my best friend had to go. We walked her home, and sat down on a bench behind a building. He started kissing me, and though I tried to pull back, I realized kissing wasn't as scary as I thought. Actually, I almost kind of liked it. Up until one point. He kept touching me in places I didn't want him to, so I pulled away and said no. I didn't laugh, and I communicated that I was uncomfortable very firmly. But he didn't stop. He kept trying, and got very vocal about it. Told me that he knew I wanted to, and that he could tell that I liked it. At this point I was really scared. He'd always been weird, and had a anger management issue that I had been subject to before, and I didn't want to experience again. By this point his hands were down my pants, and I tried again to communicate that I didn't want to. I said no to every advance he made, but as I had been afraid of previously, that didn't stop him. Eventually I told him I had to go home, as I had promised my parents I'd be home for dinner. He stopped for a second, and said something along the lines of: "Just once? I have a condom, it doesn't last very long." Again I said no, and he was obviously getting irritated. By this point I was so scared that my only way of describing it is that it felt as if I was out of my body just observing the situation. I kept looking for ways to get out, but there was none. Then he mouthed the words that I probably will never forget. "Do I have to rape you?" I froze. I didn't respond or say anything the rest of the time. He did what he needed. Then he left, kissing my cheek as if we were all good. I went home, had dinner and went to bed as if nothing remotely important had happened. This is what sticks with me. While experiencing the first rape was horrible (there are no words to describe), and there still isn't a day that go by that I don't think of it, it's so much harder to feel like a victim when it comes to the second one. I even struggle with calling it a rape to this day, even though it so clearly is. Being a feminist, these feelings are especially difficult. Mostly because I know I was assaulted, I know that it was not my fault and that I did what most other girls my age would have done in that very situation given my experience only 6 months earlier. I had to move three times because of this. The first time because I couldn't stand sleeping in the house knowing very well that I had been raped twice within a mile of it. Both spots are visible from my parents house. Mind you, I used to live in a very small town. The second time as an adult because his dad moved into the apartment over me and my (now ex)boyfriend. Finally I decided to just leave the town all together. Every time I go to see my parents, I'm terrified. I rarely leave the house when I'm there except to get in a car. This is after years of therapy, and even without any more extreme PTSD-symptoms. I had nightmares for 6 years about both the assaults, generally several times a night. I've been in and out of hospitals, I've self harmed for eight years and I'm still uncomfortable whenever I walk alone or hang out with someone I don't know very well - no matter what gender they are. These experiences has come pretty damn close to ruining my life. But then there is always the small feeling. I can feel it right now. The need to justify his actions. Both of their actions. I've probably already done it in the text without noticing. Every time I talk about rape I try and justify what they did. What if this wasn't rape? Have I gone around my entire adult life accusing an innocent man? Did I ruin his life? I wish there was some way to shut those thoughts up forever, but I'm getting scared there isn't. I really don't know what to do about it anymore. I've learned to live with it. But I know very damn well that I shouldn't have to. 
I don't know if this belongs here, but the automoderator seemed to think so. Maybe at least some people here might have a better idea of what to do because we've had similar experiences. Throwaway because this is fucked up. Also, sorry for any issues caused by me being on mobile.   I expect I might get crucified for some of this, but I need advice badly so here I go. Also, I might repost this in the morning if I get no responses because it's late.   So, first up, I'm in a long-term relationship that is poly in nature. Me and bf (28m, hereafter Robert) have a little casual triad thing going on with a close friend. Jealousy isn't a big part of our lives, and when it comes up we talk it out. However, I don't feel like I can talk to him about this situation until I feel more certain of what I want.   When I was 16, I (secretly for most of it) dated a guy who was 21. It wasn't weird or gross; looking back on it now as an adult who has wisened up a great deal I can honestly say it was loving, supportive, and just exceedingly happy. He was a great guy and I have to admit, I still feel love whenever I think of him. Again, remember I'm poly and that isn't a no-no in my current relationship. I love Robert dearly and I want us to be together forever.   The problem starts with the story of my teens. My parents found out about older guy (hereafter Jim). He broke up with me just a couple of months later, because my parents and friends did not take kindly to our age difference. It turns out he was right to be afraid, because friends I trusted told my parents we were having sex, and Jim was scared he'd be charged with statutory. At the same time, I was developing undiagnosed and untreated bipolar disorder. My mind was a hellscape, my friends and parents were calling Jim a rapist, and I didn't have the strength to fight them after a while. My mother was relentless about it, calling me awful names and screaming at me all the time. I accepted their version of events, and moved on to a guy they loved (who actually did rape me, cornering me alone and making me afraid of him saying "You did it for Jim, why not me"? He was an emotional tornado and I didn't know what he might do to me if I kept saying no).  I got in touch with Jim a few times since then, and each time we fell back into each other's arms. I learned that he had been severely effected by the events we went through. My friends still wanted to witch-hunt him, so ultimately we couldn't be together for long, and we just met up for a week or two a few times over the years.   Now I live far away. I'm not close to the people who fucked everything up. Every few months for the last year or so, I get obsessed with the idea of contacting him. I don't think he has a Facebook, so I would be writing to an email address I'm not even positive he uses anymore. I just want to tell him how sorry I am, how he's an amazing person. I want to ask him if we can try to be friends again. In my wildest dreams, we visit each other from time to time and hook up a little bit. But I don't want to cause him pain. I don't want to email him if all it will do is reopen old wounds, and not help heal them. I'm so sorry for the actions of idiotic teenage me. I wish I'd had the strength to stand up for him. I want him to know that. No one went after him or anything, or spread the lies in his community (he lived over the state line), but it made him feel so low.   Tl;Dr should I email an ex with a long - due apology/offer of friendship?
It happened recently. I struggle with even writing about it. I can't talk about it and I haven't told anyone since it happened. I have really important tests coming up and I'm struggling with focusing. I just hate it and I feel worthless. I just wanna die. Just need someone that's there to listen. I just don't see things getter any better anytime soon. it's humiliating and embarrassing. They took away a part of my soul and there's nothing I can do about it. I did nothing wrong to them. I just don't get why. 
Hi, I'm not really 100% certain on how i feel obviously. AFter I got raped in February I've just had a hard time being with my boyfriend. He's been nothing but supportive but I just don't feel in love or anything towards him anymore really. not sure what to do
When I was 13 my brother raped me because he wasn't allowed to go to his girlfriends house. He got drunk and high not knowing our parents changed their flight time. He wasn't allowedoing to go anywhere so my mom gave the neighbor his car keys until the next day when he was sober. He knew I was gay and he never bullied me about it but when he drinks and smokes he says all kinds of stuff. We were fighting over something I can't remember and he attacked me and raped me. That was 4 years ago. I recently thought about telling my mom because he came home from college for the summer yesterday and I was worried about him being around me. His room is now an office so I let him sleep in my room. He started to rub on my chest and I assumed the worse. But he just apologized and told me I was his favorite little brother... I said "well damn that's pretty obvious since you like to rape me and cuddle me". He said it was a drunken mistake. I decided to forgive him and keep it a secret forever. It's true. Forgiving is better than revenge. I don't have any fears of my other siblings coming in my room at night and I don't feel the need to be locked in my room all of the time.
This is going to be long. I'm sorry in advance. It may also be confusing. There is a lot of detail and a few other people involved in the situation.I met my ex-boyfriend Jim at work nine months ago. He trained me the first day I started working there. He was so attractive to me, literally like a model. I fell pretty quickly, but had a crush right away. We started talking almost instantly. He stayed late that first night to help me clean up.We started dating soon after, and I took Jim to meet my parents. They did not approve of him due to his age. Told me while I was living there, I would not be allowed to see him. I threw a fit, and ended up sneaking around to see him anyway. I would go visit him at his apartment after work. Sometimes we would go get dinner afterwards. We did become sexually active about three months into the relationship. He didn't pressure me, and I instigated.My best friend Krysta would let me stay over at her house with Jim while her dad was out of town for work. Krysta also had a boyfriend at the time, who she had over occasionally. I typically spend more time at Krysta's house than I do my parents. I have my own bedroom there.At about nine months into my relationship (two weeks ago), I found Jim was talking to one of the girls who worked in the office next to where we work. They went out to a club together. I found out from overhearing a conversation from two other guys I work with. I confronted Jim, and he promptly broke it off with me. He told me he couldn't sneak around anymore, and wanted to wait until I was out on my own. He said yes, that he had been talking to someone else, someone who was closer to his age. This wasn't the first time Jim broke up with me for the same reason, minus talking to another girl. He would break it off every few months and insist we should wait until I was on my own, or a little older.I was so upset. I went right over to Krysta's house after work. I told her that Jim broke up with me for another older woman. Her boyfriend had broken up with her a few weeks prior.Well we did something stupid. She met a guy on facebook that lived close by. She asked me if I wanted to hang out with them and maybe have a few drinks to get my mind off of it. I agreed and this guy she met online (Mark) came and picked us up from her house.We went over to his house, and we made some drinks and were watching a movie. He asked us if we wanted to go do something, so we moved our drinking to the beach. We were having a pretty good time, and I was feeling pretty good. Then I got a call from Jim on my phone. I answered but it wasn't him, it was one of his friends, and they were calling me names and cussing me out. I started yelling and screaming, and then Jim got on the phone. He asked me where I was and I told him. I told him I was with Krysta and her new friend at the beach. He told me he was going to come get me.At this point I don't remember much. I was pretty drunk. I mainly remember Jim taking my phone. I remember asking where Krysta was, and I remember being in Jims car while he drove to his apartment. We got there and Jim gave me water. He kept trying to unbutton my pants on his bed and I remember telling him no. He did stop, and soon after we were in his car again. I asked where we were going, he said he was taking me back to Krystas.When we got back, I think I remember Krysta walking inside. But Im not sure. I do remember going inside by myself, and into the guest room.Later on I vaguely remember someone ontop of me and I think having sex with me. I woke up in the morning and was naked and my clothes were on the floor. So I am pretty sure I did have sex with Jim.I went into Krystas room, and she was crying. She said that she thought she had been rapped by Mark. I didn't mention to her anything about my night. I still dont know exactly what happened. But was I rapped too?I still see Jim at work, and he has been really mean. He doesnt talk to me, and I havent really spoken to him either. But he just makes nasty comments at me for no reason.I feel completely awkward working with him now.. what can I do??tl;dr: I think I was raped by ex-boyfriend of nine months. We work together. Now he's being very mean, but refuses to speak to me. It's completely awkward. Was it rape, or am I being dramatic?
My apologies this is my first post on reddit... So here we go. This is something I've never fully told anyone I know. I've shared a lot of it with my boyfriend but he can't exactly handle hearing the full story. It makes him so sick and angry for me. I told a therapist but she told me I was lying only because she knew the person involved. My sister and I are... Well were... Very close. Our father was very physically abusive and we lived alone with him for 13 years so once we finally were free from that we stayed close.  I lived with my mom and she lived with her husband, but I'd frequently stay at their house for about 6 years as I started staying when I was ten (I guess I should say my sister is ten years older than me and her husband is 12 years older than me). Once I started getting older about 14, along with our usual playing video games and watching movies we started smoking weed together on my visits.It was so fun and I loved hanging out with them. One day when I was about to turn 16 I noticed her husband started acting strange towards me. I kind of shrugged it off as me just being paranoid because of trust issues with men due to my past. As time went on I knew it wasn't just me  he would text me very sexually inappropriate questions asking if I had sex yet, and hinting that if I were to get a boyfriend he would be very jealous. This worried me a lot. So I told my mom and showed her the texts. She told me he was "just playing" and he didn't mean anything by it. I was very frustrated because I knew deep down in my gut this behavior was unacceptable, but my mom was a smart woman and I found usually she was right about things so I put it in the back of my mind. He would occasionally text me weird things after that mainly just calling me cute or something subtle and I would just pretend I didn't notice. I did however show my cousin some of the messages when we were at family Christmas and she then said "I didn't want to say anything but he looks at you really strangely... It gives me the shivers." I felt relieved in a sense because now I knew someone else believed me. I readdressed the issue to my mom and she reassured me we're just overreacting so I decided to give it a rest. Fast forward 6 months, I'm 16 and its summer break so I go to my sisters house as usual because the weird behavior calmed down a lot. We played games and got high all night without incident. I went to bed and slept about 10 hours and it was about 10amand couldn't sleep anymore. My sister, her husband, and their roommate were all asleep still so I decided to watch some tv. About 10 minutes after turning on the TV I hear someone coming M downstairs and her husband comes and sits on the other couch and says "morning what are you watching" and I'm like "oh I just turned on the first thing I'm not sure" it was some weird little cartoon. He laughed awkwardly and looked over at my shirt that had invader zim on it and said while walking across the room to the couch I was on "I love that shirt it's cute" and started loading a bowl in the bong. I felt extremely uncomfortable and said "thanks.." He then kept messing with the bong and I tried to act very interested in the show as he handed it to me to hit it. I hit it and it tasted a little funny but the bong was pretty dirty. I sat and watched the show for a while more and then I started to feel pretty drowsy. He was watching me and said "this show is silly... Just like you. You're very silly." And he started forcibly kissing me. I was very shocked and scared and I tried to pull away then realized I couldn't move. Or make noise of any sort I was heavy and all I could do was look in horror as he forced himself on me and stripped me. I just kept thinking my sister is upstairs how is this happening. It remember it hurting so bad and him whispering how much he had dreamed of doing this since he first met me (he first met me when I was 9). I just felt pain, tears running down my face, and absolute terror. All of the sudden there's creaking on top of the steps and he hurried and put my shorts on my now dead weight body and went to the other couch. It was their roommate. He looked at me and didn't say anything, but by the look in his eyes and the way he looked at my sisters husband he knew. Next thing I know I'm waking up to my sister saying "it's 2pm are you ready to go home?" I couldn't talk. All I could muster was a very confused dazed nod and it all went black again. I had horrible nightmares in a seemingly endless sleep and woke up again to my sister saying "come on its 9pm moms pissed you have to get home" I was so dazed still. I couldn't remember much. I couldn't form sentences. But I knew what happened... He was still there in the room holding her on the couch across from me after raping me not even 12 hours before. I know I should have said something but I was in such a fog I barely walked myself to the car I don't remember anything between sitting in the car and waking up at 9am the next morning to my mom very pissed that I was sleeping so much and telling me I had to do chores and she was leaving for work. I stayed in a fog not feeling right for days and didn't say a word. I didn't tell anyone til a month later when I confessed to my mom what happened. She called my sister to which she said "I know they had sex. We're in an open relationship and she told him she wanted it. If you try and press charges I WILL kill myself" considering the past with attempts from her my mom believed this and told her "okay but I don't ever want him near our family again" and told me it had been taken care of. I was hurt. No one did anything about it. Sure I never have had to see him again. But 5 years later my sister who was once my best friend is still married to him and he has never once had any consequences for his actions. I didn't put all the pieces together until about 2 years ago. I chalked up the passing out and grogginess for days as an affect from trauma but now I realized he never smoked out of that bowl. I got date raped by the man I had considered a brother with my sister right upstairs. The worst part is I thought of him as a brother, and he has a sister the exact age as me... And I have to wonder if I'm his first or last victim.
I (27 F) am dealing with what happened to me when I was 10 years old (through therapy) and don't know how to proceed.My brother (29 M) used to come into my room at night and touch me. The only under the clothes was under my shirt, but always over underwear. Being so young, I never did anything to stop it, meaning I didn't tell anyone or cry out or anything, I just let it happen. I even felt like I was encouraging it by not doing anything, even though I just didn't know what else to do. How is someone who's supposed to protect you do something like that to you?!Anyway, I told my fiancé (26M) about it the other night because it was the only "skeleton in my closet" that I had and it explained why I always felt awkward talking about sex. I didn't want him to think it was something he had done or that I wasn't attracted to him or anything, so I finally told him. It was really difficult, and I had the same conversation with my therapist today. However, now I'm dealing with some terrible options. I can:A) cut him out of our lives, which would mean no contact with his wife (who I love) and their soon-to-be newborn son, meaning I'd have to explain to everyone why we're no longer talking to him;B) keep going like nothing had happen, like I have been for almost 20 years now, and keep his wife and baby in our lives; OrC) talk to my parents (both of whom have some serious health issues), and basically tell them we'll never be together as a family anymore, which would break my mom's heart.My only concern (ok, so I have like 3) is for his son. If he could do something like that to his little sister, is it possible to do it to his kid? Also, how would I explain (should I cut him out of my life) to my almost-3-year-old niece that her uncle is a bad man? He'll never be allowed to be around her again, and then how will his son be told why he never gets to see his aunts/uncles and cousin(s)? How will my parents deal with never having family gatherings again? Would his wife leave him and take the baby? Not to mention, my wedding is in October and if I cut him out of our lives, we'll have to deal with explaining to 300 of our guests why my brother isn't in attendance, and we're a pretty family-oriented family.I need some advice, fellow redditors. I need real, unbiased, objective advice. I don't know how to proceed. I know what I SHOULD do, but I feel like I would be tearing my family apart....tl;dr: My brother sexually abused me as a child, and I don't know if I should tell my family.
When I was younger my mom did not let me stay over at friends houses because she was always afraid that I would be abused by a male member of my friend’s family, and sadly she was right. I had finally convinced her to let me stay at a friend’s house; I was in fifth grade and I thought I was old enough to spend the night with my friend because I was “not a kid anymore.” She finally caved after talking to my friend’s parents. My friend lived in a very two-bedroom house. She shared her room with her younger sister, her parents and two younger siblings slept in another room, her grandfather slept in the laundry room, and her uncle slept in the living room. In my friend’s room there were two twin beds, and that night I slept on the bed closest to the door and they slept on the bed that was closest to the wall.  I remember very vividly the feeling of panic that came over me that night when my friend’s uncle came into the room. My friend and her little sister were very heavy sleepers, so they did not notice when he came in. I was sleeping on my stomach and I could feel the coldness of the room hit my back as he slowly pulled the covers down. I wanted to jerk up at the moment and scare him away, but the fear that consumed me left me paralyzed and unable to even speak up. I cringe at the memory of him slowly rubbing my butt and trying to move my pajama bottoms downward to expose my underwear. I think it was the movement of my friend moving in her sleep that startled him and he just left the room after putting the blanket back on me. That was the start of the abuse. In the morning I wasn’t sure if what had happened was a dream until I saw the way he smiled at me. All day he had spent trying to either sit close to me or make eye contact with me. It was when I went to the bathroom that he caught me off guard and told me he thought I was pretty. I didn’t know what to feel then, part of me was uncomfortable and then he told me I should feel special because he was older and I wouldn’t get that kind of attention from boys my age. He asked if he could go into the bathroom with me to show me something cool. I didn’t want to let him, but he followed me in anyway. I felt so trapped in that bathroom with him and I was just so afraid of him. I should have yelled, but he was their uncle and I was afraid if I told the truth that he would lie his way out of it leaving me to look bad. In the bathroom he unzipped his pants and pulled out his penis. With one hand he held it and with the other he forced my hand to touch it. This moment still haunts me and as I am typing I can’t help but cry. He made me feel so helpless and I was just so grossed out and scared then. There is a lot of what if in my mind about that day… what if I had told someone the very first thing in the morning… what if I had run when he came into the bathroom with me… what if I had just yelled for help. Still the what if scenarios haunt me. I keep telling myself it was my fault things escalated as much as they did, and maybe I should have told someone sooner, but I tried to repress my memories of him because I am still scared. That day set in motion the start of the sexual abuse in my childhood. At this point I am to distressed to keep on with the rest of the story. It had weighed on my conscious for so many years. I have only told one other person. It isn’t because I don’t have people to talk to, but more out of the fact that I am not ready for any kind of judgments from the people I know. Instead I want to write it all down. It is the first step in my mental recovery. Thank you for reading. 
 The day started with my friend Sam  inviting me to a party at her house. My other friend Sarah, who happened to live a block away from sam, she picked me up and we got ready at her house. Everything was going fine and we walked over to Sam's place, on the way we pass a whole bunch of guys sitting on there drive way. They looked to be in there late 20s, they said hello and asked how are day was going to so far. We both politely said our day was going good but we had to go meet our friend, they said they'd see us latter and we whent on our way.We had our party in Sam's backyard and it was awsome, just a ton of drunk teens talking about our big plans for life. Had a fire, chane smoked and took  photos. Me ,Sam and Sarah decided to go to sarah's house to grab something. On our walk back we ran into the guys from earlier. Turns out they new Sam and we all stopped to talk to them. they seemed to be really nice guys, they didn't act creepy or try to hit on any of us or anything along those lines. I forgot to say that it was about 1:30 am by this point. We stayed and chatted with them for at least and hour. I'm not going to lie it was fun they kept giving us drinks, and told funny jokes/stories. They seemed like nice cool guys. By now it's around 2:30 am and everyone's tiered as hell and supper drunk, Sam and Sarah decide to head back to there place and I had planned on taking a cab home that night so I said I would call one from there. There said there goodbyes and whent on there way. Me this guy named  mike and his friends sat out side for a little longer then I asked if I could use someones phone because  mine had died.  Mike said that I could use the home phone just inside the house. We go inside and Mike leads me to a bedroom with a phone on the bed side table and tells me to take my time. Being very drunk by this point I sit on the bed, and for what ever reason I thought it was a good idea to just put my head down for a few minutes. I must have ended up falling asleep, I opened my eyes and Mike was sitting on the bed next to me. I started to sit up and he gave me this creepy smile and said " I think your shirt slipped down well you were sleeping" I looked down only to see my shirt had been pulled down under my bra, I turned bright red and pulled up my shirt apologizing. He just smiled and said " oh don't worry about me hun it's a nice view" I tryed to reach for the phone and he grabbed it out of my hand saying he had called a few minutes ago and the taxi would be here soon. Saying thankx I tryed to get off the bed, to go wait out side. Mike grabbed my arm and told me to sit down until the taxi got there, by this point im supper uncomfortable with this whole situation so I try to talk my way out of it. But no matter what I said or did he would pull me back down. Then he started telling me how " hot and sexy " he thought I was and looked me up and down like I was a piece of meat or something. He leaned in and asked if I was a virgin, I said as nicely as I could that it was not something I wanted to talk about. Then he pushed me back down onto the bed " you should let me finde out " By this point I'm telling him to get off me, that I need to go home and he was scarring me. Mike didn't seem to give a shit because he shoved his tounge down my throat. I tryed  to push him off me just to have him pin down my hands. By this point I'm scared shitless. When he go's up for air I'm begging him to stop, he just kept on saying that he liked when I played hard to get. He ended up tossing me around like a rag doll taking off my clothing. I'll spare you anymore details but it was one of the worst things I had ever experienced. Once he was done he asked how old I was, and I said thrue tears that I was 17 and he freaked the fuck out.  got into my face saying, that I better not tell anyone about this, that I was asking for it and no one would belive me anyway. I was scared so I said I wouldn't, he sat there trying to rub my back and convince me that it was what I wanted. Eventually he left the room and I sat there, I could hear all his friends asking how good I was and him bragging about having sex with me. One of the scum bags said he should come in and give me a try, like I was a ride at a fair. Mike said something that i coudnt make out, but i heard the guy say he was no fun. I got dressed and whent to the far conner of the bed, nees tucked up to my chest and sobbed. I didn't get any sleep at all that night. when I saw the sun coming up and hadn't heard anything for a while, I left the room and made a B line for the front door. My heart stopped when I heard mike say " leaving allready, I thought we had fun last night " I looked at him and said that I really needed to get home that my parents were problly wondering were I was. Mike got up and walked over and  said "remeber what I said last night ok "  I nodded and then got out of that house as fast as I could. I ended up going over to Sarah's and asked her to go to the drug store with me to get plan b ( he didn't use a condom or anything ) she asked what happened and I said I'd rather not talk about it, Sarah seemed to understand and said I could talk to her if I needed to. About a week or to latter I was talking to Sam, and told her everything. She laughed and said " so your trying to tell me he raped you? " I said yes and Sam said " well what did you expect would happen, you clearlly wanted to sleep with him. You can't just say someone raped you if they didn't " that made me question everything, was I raped ? Did I really want him to have sex with me ? Was I just being over dramatic ?  It took me a long time to realise that it was rape, Sarah had conviced me that it was all in my head and that I was asking for it. Victim blaming is a very real thing, insted of getting love and support from my so called friend I was belittled and told I wanted it to happen. I admit I could have done things differently, and made some better choices but I was not asking to be raped. I simply put my trust in the wrong person. If I could go back and change that night I would, but I also learned a few lessons that night. Just because someone seems nice dosnt mean they are. People who claim to be your friend don't always have your best intrest at heart. And if anything like this happens to you please report it, you don't owe people like that anything. It's been 5 years since that night and I can still remeber it like it was yesturday.Sorry for that post being so long but I needed to get that out.    Please don't feel ashamed if something like this has ever happened to you.Stay safe out there. 
I recently rehashed how I'd been raped for some friends who needed to know the finer details, and I've been teetering on going into a psychiatric hospital ever since.My mental health is shit. I can't get it out of my head. I feel like I'm being consumed by it. I feel anger, and despair. If it still holds this much power over me, how much recovery did I actually make? Why did it have to happen in the first place..I wish it would just go away, because I did my time. I alerted people, spent time recovering from it, but it's still as poignant as it was back when it first occurred. It defies belief that simply talking about it has unraveled my mental health to this point.TLDR: i'm being consumed by feelings of anger, and despair after being asked to discuss how I was raped, and worse yet, how it made me feel to have my closest friends defend my rapist when I outed her as  having raped me.I plan on seeing my therapist about this in a few days, but until then, I'm just trying to stay out of bed, and not let it overwhelm me.
I have always been straight. I grew up in a neighborhood where the word "gay" was used as an insult. There were about 12 of us boys who hung out around the neighborhood every day when we were younger. I was 11 when it happened.One day, while playing a basketball game called 21, this one boy (let's call him R) said that the loser of the game had to "suck" his toe. Everyone thought that was hilarious, including me. R was two years older than me. He was someone I always looked up to. I ended up losing the game and we all ran inside after. Everyone crowded around in his basement as he ripped his shoe off and I squatted down to suck his toe. I was 11 years old at the time and thought nothing weird of it. It was gross but I had to prove I was tough. He stuck his toe in my mouth and I closed my eyes and tried not to laugh/gag, but when I opened my eyes, I noticed he was arroused through his shorts. Then someone shut the lights off and out of no where, he grabbed my head and rubbed my face on his obviously hard penis before the lights came back on.I felt very weird but again, I was a kid so i ignored it. A few days later, I was over R's house playing PlayStation when he brought up how he "knew" I liked having his toe in my mouth. I laughed it off and we kept playing. Then suddenly he jumped on top of me and sat on my torso facing backwards. He then pulled his pants down and stuck his bare ass in my face. He then pulled my pants down and began stroking me. I tried to fight him off but my arms were pinned down by his kneeling legs. He stroked faster and faster. I had never climaxed before so I couldn't help myself. He kept saying "come on fag" until I finally finished with his bare ass over my face. I felt sick. He said to me, "I knew you were a fag! Maybe I'll tell everyone..." I was so young, i had no idea what had just happened. I felt like it was my fault. I pleaded with him. He told me I'd have to sleep over that night then. I agreed. I was just happy he wasn't going to tell anyone what had just happened.I came back later that night to sleepover. I had no idea what he had planned. As soon as we got in his room, he locked the door and told me I'd have to prove I wasn't a "fag." He then told me to get on my "hands and knees and crawl over here." I felt foolish but I did. He then ordered me to suck on his toe again so I did. He told me I was practicing. He made me suck his toe as if I was giving him head, but I didn't know that at my age. After about 10 minutes of that, he turned the lights off and dropped his pants. He stuck his penis in my mouth and said suck. I froze so he began to thrust. I sat there on my knees and let him do it to me.After a while, he got bored and stopped. He turned on the light and told me I'd have to lick his feet or else he'd tell everyone that I was a "fag." I did once but he told me not to stop, so I didn't. I must have done that for at least 30minutes before he got up and shut off the lights again. He then must have masturbated and wiped it on my shirt. After that night, other incidents occurred where I'd wake up with his foot in my mouth being stroked by him. Other times he would make me stroke him in the dark until completion. This continued for about 2 years straight. Now I find myself questioning my sexuality as I am having issues with females.
I was best friends with a girl since childhood. We started dating for a few years and everything was picture perfect. She was severely sexually abused as a child, so needless to say, comfort was pretty tough at times and she frequently had anxiety attacks.We broke up because she started acting distant, her personality drastically changed, and we fought constantly. Things didn't seem right, and I was under the impression she was seeing someone else. A side note is that on top of this, I started noticing bruises on her body, cuts, redness around her scalp, whenever I questioned it she attributed to sports.Fast forward from our breakup in December to last week. She finally told me that the reason things were so fucked was because the professor who she TA'd for had been raping her after a once a week night class in his office. She said he coerced her, took photos of her the first time, blackmailed her with revoking her scholarship...the list goes on and on. He's the director of the program at that university and she felt there was nothing she could do. She said she was so afraid to tell anybody because of the abuse she endured before and how she didn't want to admit that it was happening all over again to her.She also showed me a series of emails and texts between the two of them.She graduated from the university last year, and recently reported it to them and the university police this year in a formal complaint, including the emails and texts, some of which stated his sexual nature and her responding with pleas to stop the relationship the two had etc. She heard back that the university could not find a violation of conduct after an investigation. Basically nobody believed her and thought she made the whole thing up.On top of this, once I found out, I got tested for STD's. Turns out I have HSV-2.I do feel sorry for her, I believe that thats what really happened to her, and a lot of things start to make sense now towards the end of our relationship. I feel like I abandoned her when she needed me most and she was too afraid to reach out for help.I know this isn't a fake cry for help to get close to me again. I believe her telling me everything is genuine.What else can I do in this situation? Overall I just feel sick to my stomach that I wasn't there.I keep thinking back to all the signs that I saw, but I never probed deep enough to find out what was really going on.I feel like I abandoned her. She was my best friend and was silently struggling with something so horrendous. tl;dr: Broke up with my ex while I had no idea she was being sexually abused. Now I feel like I abandoned her when she needed me most.
As a freshman girl in college I was raped twice by the same man and on both occasions I was sober.I was shocked. I was in shock. I didn't scream. I was terrified he'd hurt me, or worse, kill me.The sick thing is the he kept trying to molest me or grope me in the hallways after this. There are multiple girls who have had issues with him. My university keeps burying it under the rug, never called the cops, and never filed a title 9. until now my family found out when I was seriously suicidal and I have cops accusing me of making up the story because I am "afraid my mommy will find out I'm not a virgin" he actually said this, a cop. My detective won't give me a female cop and instead laughs at me and scoffs in my face and says that my "stories" don't add up.I'm traumatized and blocked this out for a year. Details are hazy. The hurt is very very real. I just tried to spend my entire year trying to get over this and now it is the worst thing that has ever happened to me. My mother blames herself and started drinking again. I'm just worried about what's going to happen. I know nothing will come for it but I can't believe I could ever feel this terrible and that people refuse to believe me. I feel like a terrible mess. I had to withdraw from school, I got a job and am going to a CC soon but I just want to die. I recently went on anti anxiety and anti depressants but holy god why does it feel this terrible?How can I convince myself this was really rape? My defense in my brain just wants to scream and yell and I have suicidal thoughts and moments where I break down in fury over this whole legal process and I rather just die. Cops and detectives are getting in my head and making me feel like a worthless girl who is making this up when this happened and its getting harder each day. I feel like I ruined everyone's lives.
I wish no one knew I was raped I hate seeing my family and loved ones hurt over this, does anyone feel the same way?
Its been a year since this happened. before we became official this happened.My gf was invited to a party by her friend lets keep the name to linda. They hang out at a friends house. The owner of the house and linda are very close friends. They smoked pot with my gf being the first time to smoke.  Usually a first timer would get stoned really easily. Her friends set her up to the Owner of the house ill name this guy anthony. They left her with anthony really stoned. then it happened. When i found out i was devastated. this is literally my worst fear and it has been haunting me for the past year. i cannot stop thinking about it.  I dont know what to do. I cannot accept the fact that it happened to the one i loved so much. I knew this girl since i was 14 years old and now im 20 and shes 19.Id be glad to here responses from people, specially ones who have been experiencing the same issue im currently experiencing. maybe stories of revenge or how you came up to deal with this kind of problem. literally the worst feeling i have. and still kills me today. p.s it was her first time.
I'm a 22 year old guy at college with my beautiful girlfriend (18F) of about 2.5 months. She was often raped by her boyfriend of two years, but she didn't realize it for what it was at the time. I slowly got more and more pieces of the puzzle as we got further in the relationship and overcame/uncovered things that triggered panic attacks for her. I couldn't hug her at first without her shaking and zoning out. Now we're at a place where we can satisfy each other and even have sex as long as we avoid certain triggers. She has huge self esteem issues and trouble going against my wishes. I try to convince her to stand up for herself or even just to tell me what she wants/likes, even break it down to "A or B" but the answer's always "whatever you want".Long story short, he would pin her down and have sex with her when she said no. She would have panic attacks to the point where she lost grip on reality and couldn't breathe and he would just keep going. I could write 10 paragraphs on this but I want to get to the important part and don't want to break down crying again.He showed up at her dorm room a few weeks ago. At the time I knew he was at the very least scummy (because she thanked me for caring about whether she was having a panic attack and stopping to help her through it instead of just getting off like he did) but I didn't quite know the severity of it. Anyway, he showed up out of the blue with no warning. She opens the door to talk to him and he kind of invites himself in. He talks about reconnecting (he dumped her in the middle of the first semester because she was no longer convenient for him to use, basically) and she starts shaking. He tries to hug her to console her.Her roommate comes back and her ex suggests they go for a walk. She doesn't know how to say stand up for herself, how to say no. If she ever did he stamped that out of her. She walks them to the forest so as few people as possible see her shaking. You're probably thinking what I was thinking, but he doesn't try anything. They talk for a while longer and he leaves. She stays in the forest for 6 more hours (her room probably doesn't seems so safe now, does it?) in the cold cutting herself. By the time I see her she's a mess emotionally and it takes a lot of cuddling and some time before she's alright. She tells me the story and begs me not to be mad, when all I feel is really sorry for her and completely helpless and hate for this fucking guy...The worst thing is he left without the message that he is not welcome to come back. I've tried to convince her to send this message to him, essentially "Don't show up at my dorm again or I will call the police" but it's hard for her and she doesn't want to "start a conversation with him" and her plan is to "hope he forgets I exist".For now I've told her to just lock her door and call me if he shows up again. I really hope she will. But I hope more that I can convince her to exercise her rights and remove him from her life herself, as that would help with some other shitty people she knows. I also just really don't want to see his face. I have all of this hate for him and I don't know where to put it. I'm not a violent or angry guy, I just want to help her grow and move on.So yeah. I just need a little advice on how to handle this. It's kind of surreal, it's way past "not okay" that he just showed up and led her out of her room. How do I help her help herself?Also, she really needs therapy, but she's a cutter and is scared they'll keep her. She cuts once a week or so on her upper thigh, mostly where her panties cover now. From what I've seen I don't think she poses a threat to herself, but I don't know if that's what a therapist would say. Is there any way I can make (true!) assurances about this? Any sources that dispel this concern? She mostly doesn't want her family to know she cuts, and even a short psychiatric hold would fuck that up.Thanks for reading. Didn't come close to getting everything out of my head but it still helps. I love this girl to pieces and it breaks my heart that anyone would hurt her.
(21F) Last weekend I had some people over. I knew everyone but some better than others.i recently got dumped by my long term boyfriend. I'm not over it and not letting go of it. I drank way too much and my best friend took me to bed and I passed out hard. While I was passed out the party went on. My best friends were there and I knew everyone , I figured they could hold down the fort. I passed out at 2 am. Around 230 , everyone left to go to a different party. The party was about fifteen minutes away , everyone drove there but one guy went MIA on them. No one thought anything of it , we're all 21-23 yrs old. i woke up at 330 am having sex with lets call him dude. Same guy who went missing from the party. I immediately pushed him off and said no way. I don't know if I woke up from a sleep or my blackout. I was so drunk I thought nothing of it I just fell back asleep. I knew him , not very well though. I just assumed I was drunk and asking for it and was just so blackout to realize. In the morning I woke up to no phone and no one in the bed. I got up and he was on the couch sleeping. My girlfriend I guess came back from the party too ( not with him though, later ) and passed out in my spare room. I took her phone and called mine , it vibrated in his pocket. He said he thought it was my friends or something , I took it back and went into the washroom. I called the friend who had put me to bed , he said he specifically put my cell under my pillow when I passed out ( that's where I always keep it ). In the mean time , my girlfriend woke up ( I refer to all my friends that are girls as girlfriends just an FYI) and went over to "dude" and asked him if we had hooked up. He acted shocked and said no. She had no idea he came back to my house while everyone was at the party. Ten minutes later she was helping him find his shoes and they were in my room. I overheard her ask him why his shoes were in my room and the rest was mumbling. Me and my girlfriend went for lunch and discussed everything piece by piece. The short version is I passed out drunk alone in my room. Everyone left to a party dude had Suggested they all go too. While they were at the party , dude left , came into my house as I was sleeping , came into my room and had sex with me. I don't remember him coming into my room. I don't know if we had cuddled and I made out with him and we went from there ? I don't know if he just went in for the kill? This whole situation wouldnt freak me out as much and I would just assume I was just drunk and horny , but it makes no sense. i am not in an emotional state to have sex with anyone right now due to my break up. Why would I wake up out of a black out and kick him off if I initially wanted it ? Why would he come into my room when I was passed out drunk? Then deny it to my friend? I've had my fair share of drunken hook ups. The fact that it's stressing me out this much gives me enough of an answer for myself. It seems like it was a planned thing, to bring everyone to a different house then come to mine full knowing I was passed out drunk alone in my house. 
I've been dating him for about a year and a half. I was never close with my parents. They were emotionally and physically abusive toward me. I ended up moving in with him. I feel so stuck because I love him and want to be with him but I feel so scared sometimes. He drinks a lot and sometimes when he gets mad he will hit me. Or grab me by my hair and push me into the wall. He's thrown a chair at me and also nearly choked me once. He will ask me how much I love him and I always tell him I do and then he'll say prove it. He holds me down and will have sex with me. It hurts and a lot of the times I cry because I almost feel more like an object to him, but he just tells me to shut up. He tells me he can't live without me. He had a hard home life too and his dad was abusive. He doesn't have anyone else.  And since I've moved in with him, my parents pretty much disowned me. My mom told me she doesn't know who I am anymore and I'm not her daughter. I have no one else and I still care for him... But I'm scared at the same time.I feel dependent on him. Like I need him in my life. Even when he continues to hurt me and have sex with me when I'm crying and tell him it hurts. I mean I never said no or stop, because I don't want him to leave me... I don't want to hurt him. I almost feel not worthy of help because I put myself in this place. :(((
Ok, so this will be long with a bunch of back story.  I (37F) grew up in a house that was very open about sexual abuse. My mom was an incest survivor with multiple personalities disorder.  I remember that sexual abuse was one of the first things I learned about.  Which makes this all the more harder cause my mom went through so much so I would never have to feel like I do now.  So, I'm married and we just celebrated our 10 year wedding anniversary last month.  We have had this trip to Europe planned for a bit, it's our 5th time going to the same country to visit friends.  Last year one of our friends (John) from Europe came to visit us in America.  He meet a few of our friends here and invited one to come next time we came.  This friend (Greg) has never been out of the US except for Mexico, so he was only going to come with us as guides.  But, he decided to bring another friend with him to Europe.  A guy (let's call him Matt) that neither my husband nor I have ever met.  I immediately was against this person joining our trip. Most of our friends we have in Europe are very open and would give us the shirts off their backs.  I didn't want those people to be taken advantage of from someone we didn't know.  I made my feeling very clear to my husband and at least 4 other friends, including the friend (Claire) who we were staying with in Europe.  I also made my husband tell the Greg how I was feeling about the situation.  We were not asked if it was cool to be bringing Matt.  Since Matt and Greg would be staying with our friends.  My husband is a very friendly and trusting guy, me, you have to earn my respect and trust.  Everyone was telling me to be cool and get to know this guy, since Greg vouched for this guy, everything should be OK. So, the first day we get there, Greg and Matt were suppose to be staying with our friends, but they unexpectedly had their kids with them that week, so the house was full, and John made arrangements for them to stay with one of his friends apartments.  Greg and Matt are both single and wanted to party it up, especially the first night there.  so the next day when we all met up, they both complained about how boring it was and how far it was from the city center.  Claire and her husband (Joe) live in the city and we don't party like we did when we were all single.  BTW....Claire, Joe, my husband and I have been good friends for about 9 years.  So the second night, Greg and Matt decide to get a hotel in the city.  After dinner, Joe and my husband, are both tired and go back to Joe's appt.  I feel bad about Greg not having a good time and my judgements about Matt, so Claire and I go out with them to a local bar to show them some nightlife.  At the bar, we meet up with 2 of Claire's old co-workers.  Greg leaves the bar to go to the hotel after 2 drinks.  Matt stays out with us.  Matt starts hitting on Claire as soon as Greg leaves.  We stay at the bar till past the time the subway runs so we have to catch a cab back to the apartment.  Claire invites Matt over to stay at her apartment.  So, back at her house, Matt wants to cuddle with Claire on the couch, she obliges.  I pass out on the couch.  Somehow, I got to bed as some point.  I wake up with only remembering the cab ride back and Claire and Matt cuddling on the couch.  Matt wakes up remembering getting into the cab and waking up in Simpson pajama pants.  Everything was fine, I remember waking up around 5:30 AM with a headache and what it thought were PMS cramps, cause i was expecting my period in 3 days.  I drink 2 glasses of water and take 4 advil.  We all go about our day, meeting other friends.  Until dinner.  We have a large group of about 11 all at a restaurant.  Claire and Joe walk in and Claire says she needs to talk to me.  We go outside and she informs me that she saw Matt and me having sex the night before.  I kinda go into shock, she thinks i remember it all and tells me that all girls know when they have sex the night before.  She tells me that Matt tried to kiss her and also tried to put her hands down his pants, she got fed up with dealing with it and went to bed.  Then she tells me in 30 secs, she went to get water and she saw both of us "butt-naked and him on top of me going to pound-town".  I state that my life is over and she takes that as me being guilty of knowing and cheating on my husband.  I asked her why didn't she stop it?  She said there were sex sounds and she didn't know what to do. She also says that if i don't tell my husband, Joe will tell him the next day.  Claire has a lot of issues, she has anxiety and panic attacks, she drinks a lot and takes unknown pills recreationally. Also when she gets drunk, she becomes really flirty and touchy-feely.  But, she has been though a lot in her life.  So, since i don't remember any of this, i'm going to be the one to tell my husband.  I tell Claire to tell him to come outside and bring my purse.  I proceed to tell him what Claire has told me.  We wander aimlessly around the city for a bit, getting little lost.  Find the restaurant and ask Joe to come outside for keys.  Joe then informs us that there is a video that was taken, actually 3.  2 were in the dark and one was at the very end showing me getting off of Matt.  The video shows me in a t-shirt and with my pants around my ankles.  I didn't see the video but watched my husband watch it.  We go back to the apartment and talk a lot.The next day I start remembering more about the night, but only really 2 things about the rape....I remember waking up and Matt being on top of me, already inside me and I say no and to stop, he puts his hand or finger over my mouth.  Then I remember Claire's voice saying, "I see you guys! I know what you're doing." And then me getting up and trying to get dressed.  My husband has now messaged Greg that he has seen Matt have sex with me and send him back to the states and not to have Matt anywhere near him.  I want to fly back home.  People convince me to stay out the rest of the 2 week vacation.  I become suicidal and stopped eating.  A few people tell my husband that it takes 2 to tango, but they don't know what Matt did to Claire, cause she doesn't include that when she tells the story.  Later we find out that Claire sent the videos to 2 friends back in the states cause she didn't know what to do. We continue to stay with Claire and Joe, cause they want us to.   I basically stay in bed till 4pm the rest of the week.  We don't report it cause the law there is more grey than the states because we're not citizens and alcohol was involved.  Also see that Greg and Matt are all over the city posting on Facebook with smiles and drinks.  Also, John, who knows what happened, has a goodbye dinner with them and now Facebook friends with Matt.After a few days, my husband talks to Claire, she states that she doesn't think I was raped, but only taken advantage of and rape is a heavy word, like just as bad as murder.  That she still thinks I remember all of it and am using rape to cover up the fact that I got caught cheating, and she would say the same thing if she was in the situation.  Then my husband tells her of the time he stopped her when she was straddling and making out with a mutual friend 2 years last time we were there.  She remembers part of that but not kissing him, and she was the aggressor then.  Claire than has the balls to complain to me that she can't believe that happened and goes on and on about how she thinks the mutual friend is ugly and gross and she's not attracted to him at all.  I so wanted to beat her face in at the moment. The next Saturday, Greg and Matt fly back to the states.  Claire had some friends come to hang out with us, and they had to spend the night where we were sleeping.  I made plans from the beginning of the trip to spend it with another friend.  And then my husband and I spent the night with another friend.  That first night away from Claire's apartment felt a lot better, so we asked another friend to spend Sunday night with him.  My husband messages Claire that we were going to spend the night somewhere else.  He then gets a message, basically kicking us out and to come that night to get our luggage.  Then, she get super petty about money cause half of my suitcase was filled with American products she can't get over there.  and when we came for our stuff, she spent the whole time being a coward in the shower. We spend the last 6 days with 2 different friends who really helped me and tried their hardest to keep my spirits high.  Sorry, most of this is venting about my ex-friend who made this whole experience 100x worse.  I've unfriended her on Facebook and snapchat.  When my husband and I finally flew home, I wrote a Facebook post thanking 4 people who really helped me out and were "lights in my darkest days."  Last night, on that post, she said, "What about thanking us for putting up with your f*^#ing drama and being so damn generous and kind? for letting you continue to stay in our house after you disrespected Joe and I and betrayed us and your husband. Nope. We get no thanks and no apologies. Awesome friends you guys are."  She is now blocked.  Women like her are the reason why when rape happens, its swept under the rug more easily.  What am I suppose to thank her for???  Not stopping someone who was aggressive with her.  Taping me getting raped after she basically gave Matt blue-balls?  Telling friends in Europe and the states that I cheated, but not telling them all that Matt did to her before raping me?  I have alopecia, and now have the biggest bald spot I've ever had.  Suicide thoughts I can't control come into my mind all the time.  I LOVE food, yet can barely eat.  Cry multiple times day with no warning.  I've called RAINN and the suicide prevention line.  Seeking counseling on Monday when offices are open.  I've never felt so empty, alone, vulnerable and damaged before.  My husband has been really great and believes me.  We've lost quite a few friends, but now know who our true friends are.  Thanks for letting me vent.tl;dr: Got raped by a piggy-backer who came on our international trip cause he wouldn't be able to come on his own.  So-called friend made it 100x worse.
I was hurt by my dad and i think it was my fault i feel so awful. i cant stop crying.
A few months ago a friend confided in me that my new roommate sexually assaulted her the weekend she was over from America. She insists that I don't tell anyone and try to be as normal as possible with my roommate so not to raise suspicion that I know about the assault. Now it's not my place to discuss the details of the incident as that's her story and not mine. But what she calls sexual assault I call rape. I'm trying to be as normal as I can but as the days tick by I can't help but hate him more and more. I can't bare to look at him or hear his voice, he is so happy and un-phased by what he did and it makes me sick. The worst part of the whole ordeal is that I can't stick up for my friend, and when he talks about women now all I can think about is if he's done this to anyone else?!He is getting friendlier and friendlier with my mates and other roommates and it's make me heave that they don't know. Are my female friends safe? What will my best friend think if he knew what happened and I didn't tell him, he's letting him into his life, around people he cares about, are they safe? I am distancing my self from him in the most inauspicious ways I can but I'm struggling with the face that I'm getting abuse/heated dialog from people as to why that is. I want to tell my best friend but I don't want to break the trust that this girl has put in me. 
First of all keep in mind that this is my first post; also English isn’t my first language, so forgive any mistake. Well I am a F22, and I have been sexually assaulted by several people, or at least that is what I think.The first time was when I was 13 years old; I stayed at my uncles, in my female cousin’s room, so we were chatting and all that kind of stuff, eventually we fall asleep. I was super asleep when I started to felt weird, suddenly I knew what it was, he (my cousin, he was 15 years old) was touching me, I didn’t know what to do, I just look into his face, he realized that, so he stopped and went to his room. I tried to sleep again but I just couldn’t do that, all I could do was feel ashamed and sick, I wanted to throw up. I was trying to think about what just happened, when I heard the door open, HE CAME BACK! I didn’t know what to do, even if my cousin was in the same room I didn’t want to wake her up (I don’t know why I didn’t do it), so I closed my eyes and pretended that I was sleeping, he began to touch me again, this time it was more terrible, he grabbed my vagina and put his fingers inside me, I wanted to cry and cry, he was masturbating himself and me, I didn’t move or make any sound, then I thought that I didn’t want any more of this bullshit, so I started moving like if I was about to wake up, until he finally surrendered and leave the room. After that, I stayed awake all night, crying and feeling super bad. I didn’t tell anyone until years later (family and therapist), and I confronted him, he said he was sorry and I forgive him, but I haven’t overcome it.The second time was when I was 16 years old, and I was with my first formal boyfriend, he was super adorable and everything was perfect until a lot of shit happened in my life and I cheated on him twice. The first one he didn’t get mad, but the second, he was. Because of that, he started to mistreat me and he always wanted to have sex with me (he was my first time) but when I didn’t want to, he began to blackmailing me, telling me that if I really loved him I must have to sleep with him, and that it was all my fault (cause cheating), he forced me –nonviolently- but I didn’t want to lose him so I always accepted, it was awful because he liked public spaces (once we were arrested), also he never wanted to use condom and I didn’t know a lot of other methods. I felt used and wasted. Until one day my parents discovered everything and made me pregnancy tests, thanks god I wasn´t pregnant but I was super depressed and afraid, two weeks later he dumped me. We are now friends, but I know he doesn’t feel that his actions have been bad (because we were in a relationship) and that he manipulated me. It actually took me a lot of years to realize that what he did it is also rape.The third time was a couple of months after the past incident with my ex-boyfriend. I was 17 years old, and as I already mentioned, I was super depressed so I started using drugs and having bad friendships. Obviously I ended doing stupid things, I started dating another guy, he was my ex’s bf and also he was my drug dealer. He told me the way he felt about us and because I wanted to forget my ex, I accepted dating him, everything was cool, but then we started having sex, and everything turn into getting stoned-having sex-getting stoned, and I realized that I didn´t enjoyed having sex with him, but I was doing it because I didn’t want him to get mad or sad or things like that, I pretended to liked it, sometimes I even told him that I didn’t want to have sex and he started telling me stuff, so I felt forced to please him because he gave me drugs for free, and at the same time having sex with him just seemed to be an escape of my feelings about my ex. We were like that for about 3 or 4 months until we finally stopped dating and seeing each other.I have two more, but I don't want to make a text wall, so I will post them later.
It's only been 2 days since this happened. I don't even know how to begin to describe the way I feel right now. Sick. Ashamed. Stupid. Slutty. Guilty. I just need honest opinions. Was this rape or sexual assault? Or am I overreacting? On 4-20 I was invited by a friend from work to come hang out at a mutual friend of ours house to smoke pot. I had smoked with them a few times before and worked with both of them. I drove over to his house and we all smoked together. I am an extreme light weight when it comes to pot just the smallest amount has me high. Well to celebrate 4-20 I smoked as much as possible. Over the whole night I took 3 dabs and we passed around 4 joints, more than I had ever smoked before. So I was not capable of driving myself home I couldn't even hold my head up. My friend who invited me over left. So I was left alone with the guy who owned the apartment. We started watching tv everything was fine. Then he started tickling me and stuff and then tried to kiss me. I pulled away telling him I wasn't comfortable how I just got out of a long relationship. He said that it made even more sense then because he also just got out of a relationship. He then kissed me. Then started pulling at my shirt. I said no again. He told me to calm down and kept going. I kept trying to say no. I must've said it a million times. I tried to push him back but I couldn't move well. All I could say I was "no I can't." He asked if I couldn't then could I at least give him head. I said no. So he said if I let him get this far I must want it he said my body was telling him yes. I just kept saying no. For a second he seemed to hesitate so I said "I can't do this I'm sorry, I'm so sorry but I can't" but he just went back telling me how much he wanted me the whole time telling me how revealing my clothes were. He went all the way even with me saying no. I tried to tell him I was on my period he didn't care. Just kept going. I kept my eyes closed the whole time. Some of the details are fuzzy I just remember pieces but this is everything I remember. When I woke up he was asleep still so I grabbed my stuff and left. Ever since then it's all I can think about. I just want it to go away to have never happened. I don't feel comfortable in my clothes or even my own skin. I feel like my body betrayed me. I can't look at myself in the mirror. I just keep thinking that I must've asked for it that I didn't fight back hard enough so I must've wanted it. I just don't know what to think. I don't think he meant to hurt me. To be fair he smoked too but not a lot by his standards he is stoned pretty much 24/7. I think he just liked me. I don't want to get him in trouble I don't want to make him feel bad if he didn't mean to hurt me. But I keep thinking how could he not know? I just don't know what to think. Sorry for the length but I wanted to provide as many details as I could to get an honest opinion. 
Last night I got into an argument with my coworker who I used to be very close to. She is married but we became friends since we worked very closely together every day. Eventual she opened up to me about her past and told me things she's never told her husband. It was mostly in regards to past relationships and stuff like that. Anyways, we were really close, but things have been very rocky this past year. Finally last night we got into an argument about how she was treating me compared to other friends of hers and some things were said on my part that were very hurtful. That led her to confessing that her brother in law tried to molest her twice when she was younger. I'm not sure what that entails, what exactly happened, or really any details. She says she's never told anyone, not even her husband. To be honest I was so taken back by it that I tried to comfort her and let her know that I was very sorry for fighting with her and that I was here for her but I don't know what to do now. I don't know if I should just continue to be friends and act like nothings changed, or to try and gently bring it up and get her to express her emotions, or if I should just encourage her to talk to her husband about it. I want the best for her and I care about her very deeply. Any advice is appreciated. TL;DR my coworker opened up to me about her brother in law trying to molest her. She has never told anyone, even her husband and I don't know how to handle it

Hi,So about a year ago I was in a very bad place emotionally. I contemplated suicide a lot. On one of my bad days I ended up alone at a sketchy bar and got blackout drunk. The last few things I remember is running into an acquaintance and allowing him to take me home. Sober I absolutely never would have, but I remember thinking something along the lines of "I might as well be worth something to him since I'm worthless everywhere else." The next morning I went home and didn't leave my bed for a few days and my depression started affecting my schoolwork. I wasn't in a place emotionally where I could fully deal with what had happened so I wrote it off as a "bad decision while drunk" and decided to just pretend it didn't happen until I was ready to deal with it.A year later, I'm doing much better emotionally. I'm being medicated for depression and have a wonderful boyfriend. He's supportive and loving but I have trouble opening up to him about this issue because for the entirety of our relationship, while I was open about what happened, I used euphemisms like "taken advantage of" instead of rape. I'm starting to come to terms with the fact that I was raped, but still not entirely there because it wasn't violent and I did agree to it. I've been in denial about what happened for so long that I can barely write the word "rape" without feeling the need to put an asterisk and explain that it wasn't REAL rape, only technically rape because I was drunk.My question is pretty open-ended. I'm now in a much better place and I feel like I'm ready to start accepting what happened to me so I can start moving on. How do I even start to do that? I have a pretty bad distrust of therapists from when I was young so I'd like to avoid that if at all possible. Are there any hotlines like RAINN or something for people looking to get over something that happened a while ago, not something recent? Any advice is appreciated, even if it's just reassurance that this was real rape and not me overreacting.
Hey all, first off I wasn't to preface this by saying, if the tone of the message seems weird it's because that's how I am right now. Emotionally I'm all over the place but I'm assuming that's understood here. 3 nights ago my gf let a man into our apartment she knows. He's a coworker of ours and the bf of her friend also a coworker of ours.  I don't know either one of them but I have been out of state for 6 months working another job. Long story short he raped her. They are supposed to get drinks but she said she had a weird vibe from him so she canceled and he showed up at the apartment and he wouldn't leave. She let him in. I haven't gotten the details but he forced himself on her, and she didn't stop him. She tried to verbally but somehow it happened. All she could do was make him wear a condom. She didn't call the cops, she didn't tell me for a day. She left for her families home on another state because she had prior obligations. She hasn't told anyone. She doesn't even know if she is going to file a police report. She has basically stopped talking about it with me and when I spoke to her on the phone yesterday she seemed fine. I'm scared. I've talked to my lawyer and my best friend a psychologist. But I don't want to force her to do anything. I'm stuck on the road for another 3 weeks I can't even see her.I asked if she saved the sheets, she never responded. I feel so powerless and I want to kill this guy.I'm afraid I'm going to lose her, or lose the person she was before this. I love her I can't lose her. I cried on the phone yesterday to my mom, then I got off the phone and started bawling, I feel like I could cry at any moment.
My brother was 19 years old. He was pledging a fraternity at school when he was repeatedly raped by a number of his "brothers."  For those who had spoken to him, he was the one who was taped to a bench in the basement and then assaulted for hours as a form of hazing.  Initially, I would like to thank this community for attempting to help my brother in his time of need. I have just returned from his burial mass and I feel as if now is the only time I'll have the strength to speak about this.  My brother left a note, which included instructions and a detailed account of why he killed himself. He asked if I would please "post what happened" to him on this subreddit in order to "ensure this will never happen to anyone ever again in the name of false brotherhood."   Unfortunately, I can not stomach the story he wrote down so I will have my friend type it for me. Thank you all, again. *Brother's* story:  After being assaulted by at least 30 pledged members of (fraternity), I reported the incident but was met with rejection by a former-brother guidance counselor. After being assaulted again as some sick form of punishment, the police finally arrested a few of the group who I could identify; however, not a single brother was charged.   After a few weeks, I felt ready to return to school. I had been living in an apartment off campus for about a week before I started getting prank phone calls calling me a "fag" and a "rat." I ignored them, but they frightened me, to say the least.   Then yesterday happened. I was coming home with groceries when about 6 or 7 men in goofy masks pushed me into my apartment. Before I could scream, they locked the door and shoved two dirty socks into my mouth, covering it with duct tape. I fought as hard as I can but most were much larger and heavier than I am. I was then blindfolded with a pair of worn boxers and heard the others begin to undress as they laughed. I recognized the voice of one. He was the same, larger guy who had raped me twice since I rushed (fraternity.)   He came up to me while I was laying on the ground, with my hands and feet taped behind my back, and told me, "you should've played along, fag." He then punched me in the mouth. I knew I was bleeding. Tears began to stream down my face. I could not believe this was happening again. They propped me up in a chair and placed a red wig on my head. One of them then put lipstick all over my mouth and said, "look at him now." They all laughed.  I was then dragged to the bathroom and thrown in the bathtub. They ran the shower on me freezing cold until I was shivering. I pleaded through the gag but they laughed it off. One of the brothers then turned off the shower and urinated on me, and the others followed his lead. Then the larger one who I remembered ripped off my blindfold and squatted over me. I screamed as he went to the bathroom on my face.   It was at this point that I was lifted up and bent over the edge of the tub, and one of the brothers thrusted Into me. He raped me anally for a few minutes, then turned me over and did the same to my mouth. It was at this point that I realized my life was over. Everything had been taken from me. I felt as if I was no longer a man. I became an object to these real men. I was just a pleasure toy. I accepted defeat.  Another of them lifted up my legs and thrusted into me while his buddy urinated into my mouth while holding my nose. I was forced to swallow it. I felt my humanity slip away. I was then forced to lick peanut butter off of the testicles of the larger male, who had raped me twice before. They laughed and took pictures as I cried for mercy.   Finally, they left the room. I felt dead. I could not move. I may have laid there for hours if the large male had not come in the bathroom again. He held me up, punched me in the face, and turned off the lights. He said "I want you to beg for it." I did, but the gag prevented words. He hit me again, ripped the gag out of my mouth, and said "beg." I couldn't scream. I had nothing left. I begged. He made me get on all four and beg, like a dog. He then got behind me and stuck his fingers inside me. I was then instructed to bark, as he thrusted into me until completion.   The rest is a blur. I laid there for what felt like hours. After cleaning my room just like my mom taught me, I wrote this letter. I understand this story is graphic but it is my life and I hope others will consider what happened to me when joining these Greek life organizations. I was tricked into being assaulted by people who were supposed to be my mentors. My brothers. Instead I became a toy for there amusement."  The rest gets a bit personal for the family, but the core of his story remains. He did reiterate how grateful he was for the r/rape community. This happened to him but his dying wish was that it never happens to anyone ever again. Thank you all for your time.
I'm 17m and struggling with homosexual desires that I think may have been causes by an event when I was 11.I was shirtless after swimming. My older brother (17 or 18 at the time) took my 3 year old (at the time) brother with us to the pool, and we went back to our grandma's with nobody else home.I can't remember what led up to this, but he was picking us up and throwing us onto a chair with a bunch of cushions on it, and we enjoyed it.He sat on the chair and I pinned him down and sat on him. He could have easily pushed me off to get up. He was like 150lb to my 70lb. Instead he grabbed me and held me tight, and then he grabbed both my nipples and pinched them. OMG that felt so good, and I'm pretty sure it aroused me sexually for the first time ever. I took my suit off and started touching myself, and he was calling me disgusting and stuff and running away with our brother, but he wasn't trying very hard to stay away. I tried to do the same to his nips and he wouldn't let me. Eventually I felt guilty and put my clothes back on, and I was paranoid for a long time that I did something bad and that he'd tell on me.I'm 17 now and I feel like it'd be really weird to do that to my brother, who is now 10. Then again, I haven't made any physical contact with him since I was 12 LOL. Nothing sexual in any way ever happened with my older brother before or after that event, and we slept in the same bed several times when I was a teen and he was 20+.I don't feel like it damaged me (it didn't make me unsettled at all, like I can imagine feeling if some strange man touched me there now), but it made me really curious about masturbation a couple years under where I should have been. And it possibly made me gay. I fantasize about having a man touch my nipples like that before we have sex, and that doesn't seem normal even in gay sex. Heck, I sometimes get a hardon for my own brother who got hot since he went to college.Looking for opinions on whether or not this was abuse.
About 2 months ago, I went out drinking with friends as normal grab a few beers on our work break then meet up at a local bar after for more. One night it wound up very badly for me. Routine as normal, we do our normal crawl down main Street hitting 5 of the bars a beer and shot at each. The last bar has always been my least favorite, we get there its about 10:30pm I finish my beer (Lagunitas IPA) and my friend she bought be a PBR so I accepted I can trust her with anything. 11pm I feel ill, I wind up throwing up outside the bar and then I remember nothing. I woke up the next morning no car, no backpack, no keys, I have my wallet and phone one problem. I was in a world of hurt. My whole body, I realized the symptoms of what happened and I immediately purchased a drug test, I came up positive with roffies in my system. And this is hard to put but my but hurt, it felt like every muscle has been stretched and torn. So I went to the hospital they found damage done to my anus. I was raped, I haven't spoken a word to my friends or family. They know I was drugged but not this. I can't drink in town comfortably, I can't see that crowd in the same light. I begged my job to put me on the graveyard shift working all night just so I don't have to see anyone. I don't know how to deal with the stress of this, and I feel sorry for anyone and everyone who has to deal with this. It is not okay, it hurts every fiber of my being hurts.
Now, others might know people who have been raped. But, this particularly bugs the shit out of me, and it comes across my mind everyday. My two nieces were raped/touched by my sisters, husbands father. Sadly, my sister knows this. She has yet to report it, and it happened about I am not sure 5 or 6 years ago.My brother knows because one night, my sisters husband flipped the fuck out while i was at her house, and I was getting scared because this guy is huge (im 14 btw) and he pushed her into a wall, so my I called my brother who picked us up. While I was waiting, one of my neices wanted to come with me and she was crying and shit (she is 16) she was really scared and emotional, and for some reason she told me about how that man who i mentioned before (her grandfather) had violated her and her sister. I was in shock. I told my brother when we got to his house. He told me not to tell my dad, because my dad would go and kill the guy and go to jail. I don't know what to do. This particular incident happened about 2 or 3 months ago, when she told me I mean. I don't really know what to think. 
I am 17 and coming to terms with the fact that I was sexually abused as a child. I have nobody to talk to about my past and I feel like I am losing a piece of myself each day. All I want is a support group to help me feel like I am normal. 
I don't know if this is the right place to post this but I really need help. And the throwaway will become apparent.TL;DR A guy molested my girlfriend and I would like to know what to do.Today my girlfriend was walking her dog when she stopped to let her dog play with her friend's dog. Her friend's dad asked her inside and because she knows the family, she obliged. When she went inside they made small talk while the dogs played and had just a drink of water when the dad started asking seriously personal questions. About our relationship and sexual history [Red flag number one].After she was done her water she headed to leave and the guy told her to stay and in a bit they [her, him, his son and the dogs] can go to the park. So she agreed and decided to stay for a bit. He went upstairs to check on the son who was "in the bathroom." He came back and invited her to sit on the couch. She did not wanting to be rude.He kept on grabbing her hand and forcing her to stay sitting. He then complimented her boobs and asked to see them. She said no and then said she was going to leave. She stood up and he grabbed her and tried pulling off her shirt. She breaks free before he can do anything then grabs her dog before he can do anything and runs home.She told her parents and her dad said he is going to kick his ass. But, he won't. He is going to confront them. But I just want to know what to do because she can't do anything legally because there was no sexual things that happened and there is no evidence. But, she will be talking to the police tommorow.I just want to know what we can do and how do I support her and what do I do.
Backstory: He and I met on POF, which is a dating site. We met about a week after talking online. It wouldn't of been so soon if he didn't have many mutual friends in common. The first night he hugged me pretty hard and seemed generally giggly to have met me. Although POF is a dating site, I used it as a sight simply to meet people. I wasn't looking for anything sexual, flirtatious, or fun. Just strictly platonic, which both my profile and I were very vocal about. He eventually told me a couple of months in that he liked me, to which I told him I wasn't interested and only saw him as a friend. He was understandably hurt by this but we continued to be friends. We actually became really close friend after this. I'd often stay at his house and would sleep in his bed while he took the couch. Sometimes we'd share a bed but he was very respectful about my boundaries and really seemed to care that I only saw him as a friend as he never made a move on me. There was one night where we were at his place talking about his very abusive ex girlfriend and all the shit she put him through. It got to the point where he was in tears and I wanting to help a friend, hugged him. He tried to kiss me which lead to me pulling away and saying firmly I still only saw him as a friend. He apologized and said his judgement was clouded because of the previous conversation we had, that he just wanted to feel close to someone. We spoke about it more and I made it very clear that I was strictly only friends with him, and didn't want to be more. He agreed this time saying dating "would be weird." The present: It's been about four months since he tried kissing me and we went back to being the usual good friends we were. He invited me over as he was having a shit day. I agreed. When I got to his basement suit however, his two roommates were there and the three of them were drinking. I'm not a big drinker, personally against it (abusive father who drank a lot as a  kid to which he knew about) but stayed because it was obvious he had been crying. As the night goes on, I vaguely remember him poring me drink after drink and us making out. The next thing I know, I wake up in his bed naked. I honestly thought I just got drunk and got naked alone because he was on the couch sleeping. A week goes by and he asks me why I haven't brought it up. By 'it' he meant us sleeping together. I honestly don't know how I feel about this. Part me feels like he took advantage of me because I was very clear I wasn't interested in him but part of me wonders if I could really blame him as I remember kissing him back but that's it. I want your opinions, Reddit, no matter how brutal they may be. 
trigger warning, possible sexual violence.I was over at a guys house I'd been sleeping with for a while. We'd had sex once, and were making small talk afterwards about our lives when he mentioned he was falling in love with a girl he'd been seeing, and how he couldn't get her out of his head. He said he felt guilty about the sex we'd just had, like he was betraying her. Even so he asked for a round two and I said I wasn't comfortable with it on account of what he had just said. But he got up, opened my legs and started to have sex with me anyway, even though I was annoyed I sort of just let him? I don't know what I was thinking, why I did that. He was extremely dominant (but I'm into that) so I was really turned on but I also felt gross and dirty. He was extremely harsh when talking to me, and I just felt bad. He knew I didn't want to do any butt stuff because of a painful experience I'd had recently,and had respected that the first time we'd had sex but this time he wouldn't stop touching that area and wound up putting a thumb there even though I kept telling him no. He was holding my hands behind my back, and I probably could have tried harder to stop him, but I just sort of kept saying no and stop instead of fighting back. Eventually he finished and then freaked out, he had a mini breakdown, he said that it didn't feel right because he knew me. At the time I assumed he meant degrading sex with a friend didn't feel right, because that's what I thought it was . At the time because I was in a very dark place and was in denial about a lot of the unhealthy sexual things going on in my life I thought because I was sort of into it it didn't matter but I wasn't having fun and I wasn't okay with it. I wonder how I would feel if I wasn't turned on, would I have fought harder, would he have stopped? Why didn't he stop the first time I said no?I don't really know what to think of this experience of how to classify it.
My boyfriend loves and cares about me and always tries to be there for me when I have a breakdown. Unfortunately he doesn't really know what I need, and I'm really bad at explaining because in the moment I obviously don't have the ability/willingness to walk him through how to comfort me, and when I'm not in that moment I can't figure out what it is I need. All I know is the way he handles it often leaves me feeling worse. It's not at all his fault, and he listens when I do ask him to change something, but I just can't figure out how to communicate it properly I guess.An example: I've been having nightmares about rape more and more frequently. Last night and the night before I woke up super anxious and felt anxious all day. I told him this morning that I had another nightmare, and he started talking about how I should stop reading reddit threads about sexual assault and watching Law and Order: SVU, and how I should try and think positively and how I have nothing to be scared of. This is all good advice, I'm sure, but for some reason my stupid brain took legitimate advice as "Well, you're doing it to yourself. It's simple, see, just stop doing the things that are causing it and the problem will go away. How is this so hard for you?"I know you might be thinking "Well just show/tell him this!" But this is far from the only example, but it's the only one I can properly articulate. I was wondering if anyone had a website, or an article detailing how to handle it or at least that could guide a discussion for us to figure out what works for me, since everyone is different? Or if anyone could outline maybe how I can get better in touch with what I need in those moments outside of when I'm actually in crisis?I want to talk to my therapist about it but we have yet to breach the rape topic outside of my initial consultation and I'm not sure I'm ready for that yet. My boyfriend wants me to tell my parents (I told them I was molested when I was 6 but haven't told them my more recent revelations about having been penetrated or how much it affects me), which is again great advice because my parents are amazingly supportive, but the idea of breaching the topic with them is horrifying to me.Sorry for the rant, I'm in a really bad way right now and kinda needed to get this out. Hopefully someone can help.
A little back story, this happened when I was 19. I'm now 21. I live in a small town and had moved into town from where I used to live which was near my high school.So almost two years ago my dad (who's homeless) and his then gf invited me to go camping at the closest river with them. Well they had to walk so I messaged a friend (we'll call him Shawn) to see if he could give me a ride the following weekend. He said sure but wanted to see where I lived first so he wouldn't get lost. I was fine with this, since it was summer and my best friend was busy, I wanted someone to hang out with.Well he comes over and wants to play video games. I tell him to pick one out (I had my GameCube hooked up at the time) and he chooses Mario kart double dash. So I put it in and start it up and I chose the easiest mode and race. Well considering it is my game I'm going to win easily.Well after the race, he moves behind me and starts to rub me "down there". I push his hands away repeatedly and tell him to stop. Then he fucking whispers " you should've let me win darkfira. Now I have to punish you". So I immediately try to get away to get the pocket knife my big brother had gotten me for my 18th birthday, but Shawn pulls me back and sticks his hand down my pants (he knew about the knife because I had taken it to school with me after another friend of mine was stalked before school). I start struggling, but being 5'1" and 125 pounds at the time, I was no match for this 5'6" possibily 200 pound guy.Before this, he had been messaging me about sex and bdsm and that kinda sent up red flags, but I just said whatever and ignored it. I now regret this decision very much. I think the worst part is, I fully trusted him to protect while on a choir trip the year before. I won't go into full detail, but he did rape me and I immediately called my best friend after left. I didn't call the cops (like an idiot) because my mother would have blamed me for letting him in the house. I did tell my bf and he felt like shit because he lives in another state and couldn't protect me. Thankfully, as I found out on Wednesday from another friend, Shawn is now on the other side of the country.I still have panic attacks whenever I see someone who looks like him. My friends also make sure to, when I have these moments, get me somewhere calm.
I work at a developmental center. A significant portion of our residents are sex offenders who were ruled incompetent to stand trial. Normally I don't think too much about it for the most part. However, there is one resident who has severely injured several women, one of whom used to work at this DC. I've been told that I look a lot like her, and he tends to attack only women who look like me/us. Naturally, I'm always on edge around him.Last night I had a dream that he tried to attack me twice. My dreams are extremely vivid and realistic, so it shakes me up a bit when I have dreams like this.My HR dept knows that I have PTSD, but I don't want to bring it up. I feel pretty safe at work because my coworkers have my back, and I know that if a resident tried to rape me, nothing would be done to me for defending myself. Does anyone have any coping/grounding techniques for things like this?
Forgive me if I'm not doing this right, I'm not a regular reddit user. I'm a 25 yo woman, the events of my "rape" occurred about 3 years ago. I was dating my first boyfriend, the man I had first had sex with. During our 3 year relationship he had a history of being emotionally manipulative, especially when it came to sex. Anytime I tried to turn down his advances he would refuse to speak to me or cry until I did what he wanted. Eventually I felt like I couldn't say no because it would upset him. Instead I would lie there, I'm sure looking miserable, and he would get off. It didn't seem to bother him until after. Then he would make become withdrawn and make me feel guilty for not being more sexually available.Eventually my body (smarter than my brain) rejected him completely, and even with lube sex would be painful. I had to stimulate myself with a vibrator just to have sex. This entire time I  thought I was very much in love with him and he would regularly tell me that he couldn't live without me and insinuated he might be suicidal if I ever broke up with him. He would also tell me I was "mean" whenever I brought up problems in the relationship and, again, would just cry until I apologized for bringing it up. However, things came to a head and I told him that if things didn't change I would break up with him. Poor timing, that same night I had a friend's birthday party I couldn't skip out on. We went together and I got more than a little drunk, I guess I was trying to drink away my troubles (not smart, I know). My boyfriend drove me home, he didn't like to drink so he was always my DD. I stumbled onto my bed and almost fell asleep, but my boyfriend started undressing me. I said no. Vaguely motioned for him to stop. Maybe pushed him. My memory isn't clear. He kept going. I wanted it to be over so I lay there and let him do what he wanted. He preformed oral sex on me, I can't remember if anything more happened or not. I might have said nothing. I might have pretended to like it. I may have actually been aroused at some point. I can't remember. I don't usually drink a lot but I was very, very drunk that night. I can't remember him leaving or anything that happened after.The next morning I didn't even think about what had happened. Besides me being drunk it was pretty much how sex always worked for us. Maybe a month later I broke up with him. He cried and said I broke his heart and I felt so guilty I self-harmed for the first time in my life (I did this for a week or two, but I haven't since). It wasn't for months after (maybe even a year) that I started to consider that what happened to me was rape. I know technically I was drunk and unable to consent, but I still feel guilty saying I was raped. I feel guilty saying I was abused. I haven't really told anyone the full story, but the people I've told bits and pieces to have blown it off. My mom shrugged it off. A guy I was seeing asked what it had to do with me not letting him preform anal sex on me (no worries, dumped this one immediately). I don't really know what I want, I guess I just wanted to tell the whole story at least once. I keep going in circles. Logically, I know this was abusive behavior. Emotionally, I feel guilty for telling people about it or calling it abuse. I can't let myself call what he did to me rape since I let it happen, even if I know by definition that's not true. I have a hard time accepting his behavior as abusive since he never raised his voice or hit me or anything like that. I guess I just want some validation and some advice? I've made a lot of progress and am now in a healthy relationship, but I still think about it a lot and I still have a lot of anger. How do I move on?Thanks if you read all of this, I'd appreciate any thoughts you have.-K
There's a lot of stuff about what happened a few nights ago that is twisting my brain in knots, so anything you can do to help would be great but I don't even know what I need.  I'm an 18 year old healthy male in a long-term relationship with someone I love and trust (we're at 3 years and counting), but I fucked up a few nights ago by hanging out with a girl (let's call her Jude) who I know my girlfriend wouldn't want me hanging out with (Jude has a reputation for promiscuity). I spent most of the day with Jude, and met a lot of her friends who I really liked. She knows the university I'm at like the back of her hand, and it was great having someone let me into all the social circles. About midway through the day, Jude gave me some jello shots. I handle alcohol well, so I was fine with that. She gave me some rum and I drank that as well. After talking for a bit she asked how I felt, and I said "a little buzzed." She said she wanted me more than buzzed, and I just played along and drank some more in between smoking some marijuana with her. After a while she started kissing me, and I was so enamored by this attractive, popular girl that I just let her do it despite knowing my girlfriend would want me to stop her. She asked me to take my cloths off, and at that point I still had enough sense to tell her that I couldn't have sex with her. We talked for a good half hour about why I wasn't comfortable with it, and eventually she said she understood and she'd leave it be. Fast forward a few hours, and she's still pouring me drinks in her room well past midnight. She kept asking me to have sex with her, and I guess eventually I gave in. I told her I'd do it if she were on the pill and we used a condom, and she agreed and confirmed she'd kept up with her birth control. I was terrified of getting her pregnant and felt guilty for cheating on my girlfriend, so I couldn't keep an erection. At several points in the 2 hour session I asked to stop because I couldn't get into it, but she wasn't satisfied and I didn't want her to think I was bad in bed so I kept trying. Not doing well by this girl would basically ruin my chances with other girls here; she tells everyone about how good (or bad) her partners are.After a while, she had me take the condom off. I thought she was saying she was done, but then she pulled me up against her and we started up again. We tried everything we could think of to get me hard, and ended up doing some light bondage on her (one of my biggest turn-ons). We managed to finish me that way, but I realized I wasn't wearing a condom so pulled out and came on her stomach. At this point she admitted that she hadn't actually been taking her birth control, but I was exhausted and emotional so I didn't really comprehend it and we fell asleep. I haven't told anyone about this yet. I feel betrayed, but I know she never physically forced me into anything. I knew what she wanted from me, and I never exercised my right to walk out and I even put effort into making sure she enjoyed it. I've still been hanging out with Jude, but only in public. I've been avoiding my own girlfriend out of guilt and knowing I won't be able to wrap my brain around my emotions surrounding sex right now, so I won't be able to give her the pleasure she's used to. I afraid I'm just trying to justify cheating on my girlfriend, hence the throwaway. If I am just being a wimp, you guys can tell me. I'd rather that to this weird confusion, or to believing something that's not true. I don't know how to put a tl;dr on this, I'm sorry 
I'm sorry to post this now but... I don't know what else to do. I was raped two years ago. I had therapy for my PTSD. I thought I was handling things okay... but I'm not. Today, I basically told my best friend to fuck off because I felt she wasn't having my back against some guy that was saying really offensive things about rape. I don't understand the things she was saying. It's like no one understands what happened to me. I was drugged in a foreign country, beaten so badly that the hospital offered me plastic surgery for my face. I was confused from the drugs and had doctors shoving their fingers in me while I cried and screamed. Needles poked in me.... police laughing at me for being afraid to travel by myself. I had no one... I dealt with it everything by myself. I didn't even tell anyone what happened to me for a year. So how could my friend act like I was acting irrational?I can't do this anymore. I tried therapy. I'm on antidepressants. I go to work the least amount that I can - I fucked that up too by screaming at one of my managers. I didn't used to be like this. I used to be very kind and loving and patient. Now, I'm angry and sad all the time. All I do is sleep and watch stuff on my computer before going back to sleep. I lost all my friends. I want to die but I'm afraid. I need help. I don't know what to do anymore.
I met this girl online 3 months ago and we hit it off immediately. Finishing each other sentences and just clicked and meshed so well. She is an amazing, fun-loving, kind hearted person. She doesn't have a mean bone in her body.She was raped and abused by her father for years, while her mother stood idly by and let it happen. On the day before her 7th birthday her dad snuck into her room at night, with the intention of....well you can guess. Before he got to her, she grabbed a knife that she had stored for just such an occasion and killed him.From then on she struggled through her pre-teens and teens with substance abuse, and over all just recklessness and just not giving a fuck. She was raped and physically and mentally abused throughout her whole life by almost every man she was close with. So she has trouble with men, specifically with men that at angry or yell. She has very bad nightmares, and flashbacks because she has ptsd. It was very bad when we first started talking and video chatting. Almost 20-30 flashbacks a day ranging from a few seconds to minutes of what seems to be so painful that it effects her physically.Over the past 2 month we have been working on the nightmares and flashbacks, by talking through it and making sure that she knows that I care for her and that i'm never going to betray her or hurt her. She never had someone that truly cared about her in her life, until I came along. My father killed himself when I was 2, and I was raised by my mother. My mother abused me mentally and physically from about 8 until 16, so i understand her troubles with commitment, trust, love or affection, or relationships in general. We both acknowledge our problems and actively work on them. We really mean a lot to each other.She currently lives by herself, but her mother visits almost constantly. She is still mentally and physically abusive to her. Whenever her mother isn't around she is laughing and smiling, genuinely happy, but when she is around the ptsd is just as bad as ever.Does anyone have any advice or ideas about how i can help her? I feel like i do genuinely help her but i just feel like its never enough. I struggle with my own intimacy issues, before her i found it impossible to trust anyone especially women, i struggled to develop any form of affection towards anyone, family, friends, even my past girlfriends. So we talk through everything, we really do help each other a lot.I just would like some advice or ideas about how to deal with our situation.Is making her talk through everything a good idea? Like we talk through all of our problems together and work through them. Is this what we should do?Anyone form of advice would be greatly appreciated. Thank you for your time.tl;dr: Girlfriend, who is my dream girl was/is being abused by her family. She has severe ptsd about past abuse by family and friends, which means constant nightmares and flashbacks. Does anyone have any advice on how to deal with this? Should i make her talk about her problems? What should I do when she doesn't let/want me to help her because she feels like a burden?
I went drinking the other night with coworkers. I had a few beers and some shots over the course of 3.5 hours. I remember everything that was said and done. I got invited to go back to a room with some guys for more drinks. I said yes as I wasn't that drunk and wanted to make friends. They made me a drink and I was drinking it pretty slow. Only remember being in the room 20 minutes and then it's all black out. I don't remember getting back to my room or anything after that. I've been drunk before and always remember details. The next day I found out a guy had sex with me. He told me after I said I don't remember anything. Earlier in the night the guys were bugging me to have a threesome and sex and I kept saying no. I'm so mortified someone slept with me without my knowledge. It's been 72 hours so I can't even get drug tested. I'm feeling so awful and don't even know what to think.
My friend and I go to a small college outside of Pittsburgh, PA. She is  an international student coming from India. Last night she confessed to me that she was orally raped Fall of 2014. She would regularly buy drugs from another student (Adderal mostly), but one day he gave her a pill to try saying it would calm her anxiety. He convinced her to take it there with him. It left her unable to walk and he proceeded to orally rape her. She didn't contact anyone about it. Her cultural upbringing caused her to blame herself. He was a friend and she still proceeded to pretend everything was OK. This past Summer he blackmailed her into sending nude pictures to him. After consoling in me, she brought up the possibility of seeking legal help, but wasn't sure of what it would mean for her. She doesn't want to risk deportation. Is there a possibility she would be charged for purchasing drugs from the guy? That's something he likely has proof of (texts). Also, this happened so long ago and there's no hard proof; would it cause more harm than good by going to the police? Even so, he has naked pictures of her and messages between them that would imply they're friends. Lastly, she doesn't want anyone to know that this happened to her. If legal action is pursued, it's likely that everyone will find out that it was her, right? I just want to provide her with the best understanding of how this could play out for her. Thank you for your help
I am so incredibly grateful to my partner and devastated at what a toll rape has had on our relationship. We have been through hell together. We separated for a few months to create space for individual growth and healing, but connected often and lovingly. Now we are back together but he's not sure he was quite ready to co-habitate again, but didn't want things to get worse by making me wait longer.  I love him so much and imagined us getting married at some point. I've never met someone like him before. He really impresses me and loves so well. I feel very broken and useless next to him. I can't tell if we've changed a lot and are just too different now or if we're just having a hard time connecting after everything. I feel like a burden and my negativity is weighing on his also crippled spirit. I'm not sure I can get through this without him. It's been very hard to work any kind of regular job, my energy is not what it used to be and I have a lot of physical pain. I want so badly to be fully functional again, but it has been a long, slow journey. I lost almost all my friends and community around the time of the rape. I feel very alone  and incapable. I want to change and I can't seem to stop the intense emotions and grief from bubbling up, even a year and a half later. Feeling so weak. Can't imagine having to date again. Don't want to be alone.Thanks for your care
I am still not sure how I feel about the whole situation, this happened just a few days ago and I have been a mess of crying and now I'm just completely shut down. I am a junior in a small town and I'm 17. So this started this Monday night, which was three days ago, I had told my boyfriend (lets call him Eli) I needed a break to think about if we were working and I was really upset and sad. Eli had called me and yelled saying it was something wrong with me if I couldn't love him after how much love he gave me. I was crying and went to a friend (Zack) for comfort but it was a school night and I had to be home so I asked him to sneak in later. I was upset and Eli called again yelling and also apologizing and it was just emotional right before Zack snuck in. I hung up on Eli and went to talk to Zack. Because of how emotional this night had been I ended up relapsing and cutting. Zack saw the blood and had me take my shorts off to clean the cuts which were on my hips. After we talked and I was feeling slightly better he noticed I had some weed and asked if I wanted to get high. I said "I dunno do you wanna" and he said "well its up to you." I felt like he wanted me to say yes so I got high with him. Later in the night I had been really flirty with him and he had said something along the lines of "I'm confused, I really wanna kiss you, do you want me to kiss you?" and I had said "I like you and part of me wants to kiss you but I'm confused about what I want and I don't know if it's a good idea, also I told my friend I wouldn't do anything like that while I was still thinking." He seemed to accept this and began to pack up to go home and I didn't want to be left alone so I said "Please don't go I want you to stay with me" because I was still so upset. After I said this he kissed me. And I pulled back a few times trying to get him to stop kissing me but he didn't. My shirt came off at some point and I kinda pushed him away when he tried to go any farther. When he finally stopped kissing me I thought it had stopped and I told him I didn't think it should go any farther and I apologized for being a tease. He then said "You aren't a tease I can be much more of a tease" and began kissing me again. I was uncomfortable with this but I was scared to say no. He took his clothes off except for his pants and was dry humping me and at one point took his underwear off and rubbed his penis over my underwear and tried to go farther. Because I told him I was bleeding because of an IUD and had a tampon in he didn't go any farther. This continued for about an hour or two and I was scared to say no so I kinda just laid there and didn't fight back. Eventually I got up the nerve to tell him a hard NO and that my parents would be waking up soon and we needed to stop cause we were making too much noise. He stayed with me a few more hours while I fell asleep and then he left at like 6 in the morning I think. I woke up that day feeling weird and very unhappy but I didn't know why. I told myself I gave consent and that it was a mistake but it wasn't pushed on me. I didn't open up about what happened until Eli and I went out to try again and we started talking about that night and I just broke down. Last night I told my parents what happened and my mom told me that I was sending him mixed signals having him in my room like that after I ended things with Eli. Today I talked with a school therapist person and I just completely broke down and almost had an anxiety attack because of it. I feel like I'm just exaggerating what happened and don't have a right to feel this upset. I feel like I cannot call this sexual assault much less rape and I have no idea how to go about living my life anymore. I don't know how everyone can just be acting so normal and I feel completely broken. Do I have a right to call this sexual assault or do I just need to suck it up?
Hey everyone.So, I’m 17 years old and I’m starting to dive into the college application process. Of course, grades are extremely important when it comes to college acceptance. However, almost exactly 1 year ago, I was sexually assaulted/raped (depending on your definition of “rape”) by someone I used to consider a friend. It didn’t really start affecting me heavily until the beginning of this year. (I’m not exactly sure why, though. Maybe I was suppressing my trauma or something until this year began.) My grades have been dropping dramatically. I used to be a straight-A student. Now, I have 1 A, 3 B’s, 1 C, and 1 D. I already have plans to drop the class I have a D in, despite it almost being almost the end of the semester, because there is no way I am going to get my grade up before the grading period ends. My anxiety and depression makes it difficult for me to get any work done on time, which is only making things worse.And now that I have to start thinking about colleges, I realize that I need to somehow explain to the colleges I’m applying to that something traumatic happened to me that affected my performance in school.The problem is that I don’t know how to approach the subject or inform them of what happened.Does anyone have any advice or tips on how I can explain why my grades are so poor?
I have been tinkering over the idea of posting this pseudo-anonymously to the inter-webs for the past few months. I have decided this is where I am going to post it. "Now the names have been changed, but the story's true"My RoadAs a college female, I was warned to always carry pepper spray with me at night, always to go out with friends, always keep an eye on my drink at parties, and the usual precautions family and friends warned me to be aware of before I embarked on my college adventure. There are many horror stories of other college students who par-say, did not follow these precautions and found themselves in unfortunate circumstances. Likewise, there are similar stories of individuals who did follow these precautions and still found themselves in similar situations. But, at the end of the day, it is usually something brushed off as "this will never happen to me." I too brushed these warnings off as not really having to worry about. After all, I was going to a safe college, and had a pretty strong head on my shoulders. However, the beginning of my junior year, I found myself in one of these unfortunate circumstances: a life changing event that will forever shape who I am. It was the night of my birthday: my 21st birthday. A very exciting time for any newly legal college student. It was a Sunday, and we had no classes Monday because of a holiday. I had been out the previous night for birthday festivities, but my friends and I decided to go to the local club for a special "Highlighter Party" event. We waited in line, I got an exclusive 21+ bracelet and kiddingly teased of my underage friends for the Xs on their hands.The lights flashed and the electronic music erupted the crowd. I had never been one for big crowds or loud music, but I was determined to have fun this evening. I cautioned myself to not drink too much because of I had school work I needed to do the next day. I walked up the steps to the exclusive 21+ area with my friends. A friend grabbed one of his highlighter party highlighters and wrote "It's my birthday" on my back. Another friend bought me a drink. I was exclusive. I was legal. I was one of the cool kids. I stood alone on the balcony of the exclusive area watching my friends and the others on the dance floor dance. I smiled at their crazy drunken moves. I did not yet have the confidence to make my way to the dance floor. I walked to the other corner of the balcony and accidently bumped into a stranger.  I quickly apologized and continued walking.  "Hey!! Happy birthday!  Where are your friends?"  The young gentleman, whom I just apologized to, asked me. A cute grin on his face drew me in. I responded. We continued to talk, and then flirt and then make out. College is supposed to be a time of fun and exciting harmless fun, right? Sam went to the bar and bought me a drink.  I made him take a sip before I did. To "make sure it tasted ok."  Sam asked for my phone and put his number in my contacts. I decided that I was going to bring him back to my apartment at the end of the night. I wanted to see where it would go.  I had never really “hooked-up” with anyone before and thought just this one time would be ok. I had not drunken much and was able to think this decision through clearly.We walked the mere 3 blocks to my apartment. We got to my room and locked the door.  "Do you have a condom?""No." I placed my hand in front of my underwear.  "I'll pull out.  I swear.  I'll pull out!"I resisted his hands and moved my hand back in front of my underwear His hand approach my neck.  He grabbed my neck.  Thumb under one ear, pointer finger under the other. My windpipe almost cut off.____Growing up we have always been told that the human body has the "Fight or Flight" response.  However, what is most often left out is "Freeze." This is exactly where I found myself in this moment. I didn't know what to do. I had no way of really running away, nor did I have the strength to fight.  Never mind the fact that I didn't know if Sam had knife, gun, or what he was planning on doing with his hands.I did what I needed to do to make it out of the situation alive. It has been over a year since I have been raped, and it is an event I will never forget.  The details come and go from my memory, but I will spare you the Images. It was a situation I never expected myself to be in, brushed off as not having to worry about it, and now would never wish on my worst enemy.  About four months after the event, I began to talk to a specialized councilor. Amanda was able to help guide my thought process and work me through processing that night’s events and feelings. One of the hardest things for me to process was the guilt. I brought him back to the apartment.  It was my fault he was there. It was my fault it happened. Well...  There is no shame in wanting affection from par say a cute guy at the bar.  I didn't choose to have him hurt me.  One of the decisions that Amanda helped me make was to report the event to the police. A very time consuming and emotionally draining process. The police office I was working with, Detective Warner, had me write up a detailed account of the events so I would not have to re-tell the story to others whom would become involved in the investigation. While one of the harder parts of the process, this was very liberating. The events were on paper. I was removing the memories from my mind, and putting them down on paper. I would no longer have to re-iterate my story, rather just hand someone the story. For me, this was handing them my worries and sorrows and somehow detaching them from myself.This was an incredibly start of my road to recovery.This document is still saved on my computer. I haven’t opened since. A few weeks after I officially reported the event, Detective Warned sat down with Sam and talked to him about the events.Regardless of the fact he did not admit it, Sam knew he was guilty. He was scared he would be proven guilty and his life would be nearly over. He would be officially listed as a sex offender, and future employment would likely be impossible. After some time and contemplation, I decided to not proceed with the prosecution, as I was emotionally not ready for what could possibly be years of waiting and worry. I was gratified that Sam knew that what he did was wrong. I called him out on his actions, and I was not afraid to tell someone.Should Sam and I cross paths, he was legally not allowed to talk to me. However, I still feared I would see him. I would never return to that club. I would purposefully not walk in front of it. I would look over my shoulder and do a double take at anyone in a baseball cap. I feared he would show up at my apartment.Amanda was able to help guide me through these fears and worries. Sometimes earthquakes cause tsunamis. Sometimes meteors hit the ground. Sometimes lightening hits people. Yet, we still go outside, walk around, and live our lives. We cannot let the fear of natural events interfere with our lives. Likewise, I was not to let the actions of someone else interfere with my life. A gentleman (although gentleman is probably not the best descriptor) whom was in my life for less than a day, literally 0.01% of my time alive, was controlling my life. While fear should never be invalidated, I kind of had to look at the bigger picture and realize that this was a bit silly.While the club has since closed, I am now able to walk past it without thinking twice. I can go to other clubs without looking over my shoulder to see if Sam is there. My road to recovery has been long and windy, and I still have not reached the end. While these unfortunate circumstances are things no one should ever have to face, the sad truth of it is that they happen every day. As a society we have to work towards this epidemic and make sure that no one ever has to experience assault ever again.The more people I told my story to, the more I learned that I, unfortunately, was not alone. My roommate was assaulted by a family member, my best friend’s mom was attacked when she was in college, and my own mother too, was assaulted in her college years. Not only did I have a continually growing support network, but I had others who were in my shoes, or once in my shoes. This just gave me more motivation to try to help others and reach out to those who found themselves in these unfortunate circumstances, and try to prevent them from happening. While this write-up you are currently reading is not the best written, has grammatical errors, is not always the best explanation of my feelings, and might not be entirely understandable, is my first attempt to reach out to those who need help. That somehow by sharing my story I can help someone else. To let people know that they are not alone. Recovery is not easy, but never lose hope. 
This is an extremely hard thing for myself to come to terms with but after reading some articles relating to the Rehtaeh Parsons case, i think i am finally coming to terms with and accepting the fact that i was raped. Bare with me for this story as i have not ever put it all together and shared it before so i feel like i need to get it all out here.Seven years ago when i was 19, i was vacationing in the Dominican Republic with my two best friends. Every night we would have drinks and go to the Disco to dance into the early hours of the night. I had a boyfriend at the time but i felt an attraction to the DJ who would play at the Disco every night. He was a local, at least 10 years older than myself.On our last night there, the girls and i were drunk and had met some people throughout the week that we stayed back at the Disco with for some time after it closed. The DJ also stayed back. He approached me and we started talking, which led to making out. After a few minutes it proceeding to him unbuttoning his pants and lifting my skirt. I only vaguely remember these moments as i was most certainly too intoxicated but i do remember saying no.My friends asked me where i got to later that night when i returned. I admitted to having sex with the guy and actually did call it rape at the time. I don't remember much of that night because i was drunk but i cried and didn't get much sleep.  I think my friends secretly blamed me for 'getting myself into the situation' but we never really talked about it after that night. The next morning i more or less decided it was my fault and called my boyfriend and broke the news to him. I think i did tell him i was raped but only once. He put the blame on myself like i partly was so i erased the thought of rape from my mind. When i got home he broke up with me. I'd also like to note that i got tested for everything under the sun when i got home and results came back that i was clean.Today i still feel extreme amounts of shame. Shame that i let myself be put in that situation, shame that i had unprotected sex with a local in a foreign third world country, shame that i cheated on my boyfriend. I pride myself in being a confident, loyal person but these attributes are really not reflected by this shame i still carry. What confuses me the most is that i knew in my mind that i didn't want it to happen and i vocally said it but my body did nothing to reflect it.I am now engaged to a guy that i have been with for 6+ years. I love him with everything that i have but i have still only mentioned this situation to him once very briefly when we first started dating. I didn't see it as an important thing to talk about as it wasn't a problem between the two of us but more of a problem i have with myself. I definitely think that the problem i have with myself reflects itself when it comes to sex. I'm not 100% sure of this but it's just something i'm starting to put together with admitting all of this.I still have not fully voiced what happened to me or how i felt / feel about it to anyone in person. My father left my family when i was young (alcoholic) and i've become extremely 'good' at putting things into a box at the back of my brain and keeping it there. For better or worse i feel like i have done the same thing for this situation. I think that's why i didn't talk to my friends about it when it happened, why i didn't explain it into more detail with my boyfriend at the time and why i didn't go see a psychologist after it happened.My question to you beautiful people of Reddit is what do you think i should do to continue the process after actually coming to terms with something like this? Should i go to a psychologist? Should i have a more in depth conversation with my S/O? I really do feel like it's more of a problem with myself that i'm carrying so i'm leaning towards a psychologist to voice everything vocally instead of bringing it up in my current relationship. I don't think i'm particularly emotionally torn over the whole ordeal but it's definitely something that i need to share with someone, another reason i'm leaning towards a psychologist.Thank you for taking the time to read my story.
I'll try to be brief, this story is complex, and I'll do my best to summarize, and will expand on it if requested, but I need advice on how to help her, and maybe me now.I am a guy, I met a cute girl in college.  She was an international student, from Eastern Europe.  She was witty, smart, and spoke good English, quirky, but very intelligent.  She was always somewhat quiet, a little aloof, seemed emotionally distant, and had lower than average self esteem.  We were both socially awkward and I was attracted to her, but she was a lesbian, and we were decent friends, never anything more.  She also never wanted to talk about her life at home.  She went through a rough patch in college, and moved home, she seemed unmotivated, although she was very bright.After moving home, I would exchange messages with her on facebook, not often, occasionally.  One day last year, she sent me some messages about how she wanted to die.  I took her seriously, I've faced some tough depression issues in my life also.  I have empathy for her.After beginning to talk with her more regularly, skype and facebook, a few times a week, a few hours at a time, I learned she now lives with her mother, her parents are divorced.  Her mother works at a service station, and she works at a local store, both for tiny wages, they barely make it.  She has emotional issues, admittedly possible manic depressive, possible bipolar, possible schizoid, possible schizophrenic.  To me, I just wanted to help, and she's such a puzzle to me I decided to invest time to try to solve it.  The more we began to talk, the more she flirted with me, but we were only friends.  She told me she had some strange fetishes.  Zoophilia, violence and blood turned her on, really weird stuff.  I was disgusted by this, but I didn't show it.  I just asked questions and moved on.  She was into violent porn, and she kept taking our conversations to this space, even though I just wanted to know more about her life.After some time, she explained her father beat her.  It was her fault for being born.  He did right, he was better than her, she deserved it she said.  He had called her an ugly stupid squalid bitch.  She blamed herself for her parents divorce.At some point, about a month ago, she told me she loved me.  Within a few days of this she had some type of a meltdown.  Filled with rage.  Called me a liar, told me to stop fucking lying (about her having a future or being cute or being smart or intelligent).  She stopped responding to me for a few days, and when I'd try to boost her self-esteem, it went right back to the same.  She was suicidal again for the first time in months.  She told me she was wrong, love doesn't exist for her, it's impossible.   She wanted me to call her the same words her father used.  She told me she needed the courage to die.  After a few days, all was normal again, but she quickly went back to this space within a week or more.Eventually, I confronted her about it, and almost at the edge of breaking our friendship, she admitted that her father sexually abused her as a child, and was the reason for her parents divorce.   But now, she says she now GOES to him for abuse and sex, as a young adult not living with this person, although he's still in the same city.  She even calls it a 'treatment' and it creeps the hell out of me.  I'm the only one she's admitted this to, and I thought maybe it would be the catalyst for positive change.  Her mother knows the current situation, and hates her for it but is powerless to stop her.Her father, I don't know about him much.  I know he has a girlfriend that is only two years older than my friend, and she insisted at one point that she "would win."  She insists that she will be nothing, and I'm afraid these words of love from her, toward me, made her feel guilty and shameful, knowing her past.  I told her I wouldn't abandon her, I told her I wouldn't leave her alone in this world.  I told her nothing in the truths and secrets she holds would change my opinion of her.  Later she confessed that although he beat and raped her as a child, and now she's almost a stockholm syndrome situation where she identifies with her father and sympathizes with her.  She says he's the only man that knows how to 'handle' her.  She seems interested in women, she sends me pictures of cute ones she meets or talks to, but she still is engaged in this relationship with her father.Since I know she's poor, and her diet mostly consists of beer and snacks, I asked her about the healthcare system in her country.  She doesn't have money for doctors, for psychologists, for good medicine.  I've noticed that she has seemed so spaced out on skype sometimes that I think she may be on some type of meds just to calm her down, maybe even drugs now.  Only occasionally, but it's so undeniable it's incredible.  At those times she seems to be lifeless, just spaced out, calm, even to the point of picking her nose and eating her boogers on skype, without any regard that I'm watching, on the other end.I offered as I have a good job, to help her come to america for a few months, and help her get medical treatment.  She told me I was being obsessive.  I told her I wouldn't beat her, or rape her, and she said, if you won't do that, will you murder me?  I told her no.  She continues to send me more messages on facebook about how I've unlocked her heart, how if it were a different lifetime, she would want to be with me, but she has no future, and no chance in this life.  She sends me songs that I have to translate, but most are suicidal or about sexual deviance.I don't know what to do.  I so badly want to help this girl.  So much so that I'm in the process of destroying my friendship with her to push her forward out of this darkness, this terrible shame she feels.  I would gladly martyr my friendship with her to have her escape this living hell.  I continue to tell her that her father is a horrible man, and she contends that he's a saint, and since he has a good job, he's better than her.  Lately she told me she never admitted it, but she "loves" him.What can I do for her?  How can I help her.  She's in her 20's and I'm the only one she's told this information.  She trusts me and knows I'm pushing her forward, trying to help, but at the same time, the more I push, the more she backs away and is vague or silent.  When she is vague, I have to make assumptions, and when I assume or say what she's thinking she tells me to "stop deciding for her."I think she wishes she never made these admissions to me.  She thinks she's on a dead end road, but still somehow loves and wants a real emotional and physical relationship with her father.  If he cared for her, he would never have done this in the first place to start with.  What can I do for her?  I can't get her to seek help, she won't.  She's beyond it.  She writes fantasy stories of violence and pedophilia.  She has an obsession with Mylene Farmer, and studies french in her spare time.  She's developed a huge obsession with her lyrics and her status as a gay symbol or idol.  Her brain is so scrambled.  She sometimes tells me "go live your happy fucking life, and forget that somewhere an ugly stupid squalid bitch exists" and then the next day she may be normal.I feel like if I back away, I might be all she has for person to lean on, to talk about things in her life that she's been unwilling to admit to anyone for at least 10 years.  At the same time, she's told me she loved me, and then said she's incapable of loving or being loved.  If I call her cute now, she tells me to "stop lying."I don't want leave her either.  I want to be there to support her.  She wouldn't have told me if she didn't want to, if she didn't trust me, and it's hard enough to get her to open up on any level, I've been trying for months to crack this shell.  Now she says that "I don't even know her." I told her I would turn her father into the police, but she said she'd just go die on the street from a drug overdose, or deny it, or that her father would kill her (he won't, he's so sick he's turned her into a perfect victim almost, except she told me).We had talked about spending time together this summer, as I wanted to visit her country of residence anyway, and asked her if she would take time away from work to hang out, and she seemed excited.  Now she seems less than thrilled about the idea, but I'm worried if I don't go it will let her down, or she will spiral out, or continue to live this nightmare.  I know I can't save her, she has to try, but she's on the edge of giving up.  On another level, I've never had thoughts of rage and wished death on anyone more than I wish it upon her father.  I've had thoughts of dark and sadistic things so he can't abuse anyone, ever again.My primary goal is to get advice as to what to do next.  Should I give her distance, at risk of 'proving' that she's unfit to have any real friends, or should I stand my ground?  Should I try to argue with her that love and a future do exist for her, when I know it will rage her?  Should I try to contact authorities?  I have no proof.  Her mother might be the best bet for proof, but I'd suspect she lives in fear of this man too, and I know nothing of the justice system in her country.I don't know what to do.  I'm lost.  I'm doing well at work, I'm fine financially, and I'm emotionally stable, but the thoughts of this girl and this situation are on my mind constantly.  I feel almost as it's my purpose at this point in my life to find a way to help her, and now, I ask you for advice.PM or respond here.  Sorry for the tl;dr, but all is important.  Sorry if it's a huge ramble, or in the wrong sub.  Any advice or way to steer me in this problem is a huge help.Thank you in advance for your time.
My roommate and I went out last Saturday and I think we were drugged. Initially I just thought I drank too much, but after recounting the night with my roommate I've realized that there are a few missing pieces. The night started when we took some shots at a pretty slow pace at her boyfriend's house. Then we went to a bar and each had one drink. After that, we went to another bar and two of my roommates guy friends met up with us and we started talking. My roommate and I split one of their specialty drinks that comes in a bowl. From that point on, we both don't remember a thing about the night. We're seniors in our last month of school, we both have a tolerance that is much higher than what we drank. I vaguely remember flirting with one of the guys, being in a 7-11 with him, and then getting a cab back to my place. Next thing I know I woke up in my bed, undressed except for my leggings and alone. My roommate (one who had stayed home that night and was sober) said she heard the two of us come home, makeout on the couch, and have sex (at least) twice in my bedroom. She also said she encountered him getting water in the kitchen and that he seemed significantly sober, and that he left around 3 or 4am. I know that date rape drugs leave your system fast and there is no way for us to know what actually occurred. There is not a trace of evidence of sex in my room. My roommate's room shares a wall with mine and she said with 100% certainty that she heard us having sex. I've only been blackout drunk for an entire night twice in my life, and both times I was completely incoherent, vomiting, and could barely walk or move. But from what my roommate has told me I was walking and talking and behaving relatively normally. Something isn't adding up. If it wasn't for my roommate I would have no idea what had happened. I don't know if the sex was protected, I'm on birth control but I'm going to make an appointed to get tested for STIs. I didn't even remember his name until my other roommate told me.  I'm freaking out. I feel so dumb. I know I should've been more careful. I know I should've drank less. But I just have this feeling in the pit of my stomach that there was more to the situation than I remember. From the blackout that both my roommate and I experienced, to my apparently normal behavior, to the way he completely disappeared after, something feels so wrong. I don't know what to do now. I feel so lost. I've been trying to hold it together and act like everything's normal but I don't know how much longer I can do it. 
It's been a few days and I don't feel like I'm having the right negative emotions? I have some flashbacks and obviously it's upsetting but I don't know if I'm traumatized and I'm just very confused by that. I'm just feeling sort of lost I guess I'm not even sure what my question is here...
This is a throwaway account, for reasons that will become obvious.I am in love with a woman who was raped. More than that, she was molested by a family friend—and no one believed her—for a lengthy amount of time when she was very young. When she was 18, she was violated again—kidnapped and held for several days, and the police refused to believe that this wasn't a consensual Internet hookup with a total stranger gone wrong.She has a number of behaviors that are no doubt related to this. She has a history of self-cutting. She's also anorexic/bulimic. After years of therapy and a stint of institutionalization, she is a more or less functional human being.I am 100% supportive of her. I love her to death. I take care of the house (I moved in with her, having left a very bad long-term relationship to be with her) and am there for her in all things, from taking her to the hospital when she's sick to bringing her food and drinks at work to going to therapy to make myself a better person for her.However, our sex life is fucked. It was great at the beginning of our relationship (seven months ago), and now is close to nonexistent. She always wants cuddles and massages from me, but never interested in sex. Now she wants to hook up with a friend of hers. I understand if oral sex, etc., is traumatic for her and will never happen, but I would like to have a non-broken sex life in which she wants to have sex with me and doesn't use me as the emotional-support blanket while screwing around with other guys.Today (Sunday), I got home after not having seen her all weekend. We cuddled on the couch and began kissing. I asked her if she wanted to perhaps have sex, and she said she was hungry, let's go for dinner. We go have a nice steak dinner and she orders cheesecake for dessert. We get home and start cuddling and being intimate again. She goes in the bathroom and makes herself vomit. I am at my wit's end.Is there any hope for a normal sex life? How do I support her while taking care of my own needs? Does anyone ever "fix" someone else? How do I love somebody like this?
I (f22) was raped a little over a year ago and I feel I have been dealing with it as well as can be expected. I want him to understand why some things he doesn't think twice about really bother me like some jokes and other people's comments (they are typically not blatantly obvious). I try to tell him but he doesn't seem to get it. I need a way to express how being raped changes you and how to break him out of ignorance.
I just need someone I can talk to. I am so sad and mad and I can't really handle all of my emotions. 
My ex slept over last night on my couch. My sister slept in a separate room. He went into her room last night and cuddled with her and tried to kiss her while he was intoxicated, after she told him to leave several times. I have told my parents, she is 15 and he is 23. What should I do now? She doesn't want to go to the police. Should I tell his family?
So it's been almost 3 years since this occurred and I'm just realizing what really happen. One night all my friends and I got very drunk and my xbf was there. There was a festival happening in town and everyone decided to go, somehow the x and I ended up being the only people left at the party. The details are blurry on how that happened. But long story short we started talking, I started crying, he had a gf, I missed him terribly but very strongly against anything happening. (I hate cheaters, but I ESPECIALLY dislike home wreckers). I remember saying no, and him kissing me and taking off my clothes and me not stopping him. He just would kiss me and say "why not, she'll never know" I remember I kept saying no that it wasn't right and that "we couldn't", but I didn't stop him or push him away.  I don't remember what happened, I had a huge scrape up my back and my hips were sore so I assumed we must have had sex- he didn't admit we had sex until a year later. I haven't been able to make meaningful connections with men since it happened, I am by no means convinced that they are conected. However, Im beginning to think that that probably was rape... Or at least a little "rapey" as one of my friends put it. I'm wondering what I do to move on with my life, I make excuses not to make connections with guys because I'm afraid of the potential for more emotional pain. I will not report, we used to be best friends, it's a VERY small town, and he's now engaged. There are more lives than just his and mine that I would be ruining, and I'm not even convinced he did anything more than drunkenly pursue me. But what do I do to make me better? Tldr: drunk presured (?) sex -- was it rape and what do I do now?
http://i.imgur.com/TLUo3ji.jpg
(Edit: for some incorrect spelling) This post was removed from let's not meet although its not a rape... It is a sexual assault experience.First... Some back story. When I was 6, I met a girl...we'll call her Natalie... Who would turn out to be my life long friend. More of a sister really.  Natalie lived in the apartments next to mine and we played together as often as possible! At that time she had 2 younger siblings, a brother and sister. Her mom was like a second mom to me. Her dad was always working and actually got stuck in mexico cause while there someone stole his wallet and "green card". He was a bit of a perv, he would leave his porno tapes in the VCR and we'd find them. So Natalie's family was fully aware of his porno fetish.(this comes into play a little later)Flashforward 7-8 years. My parents had been divorced for 3 years and my mom had finally kicked her meth habit and started her long road to recovery. We bounced between friends apartments, motels, sober living homes, and shelters. One time, there was a friend who was going to take us in (my mom, two brothers and I), but she had a small apartment and one of us would not be able to stay. Which was fine I could have gone to my grandparents since it would only be a couple weeks. Instead i contacted Natalie and asked if I could stay with her and her family. They happily obliged.By this time Natalie's mom had had 2 more children, both girls aged 6 and 3. I love those girls and they look to me as a sort of adopted big sister! The father would get off work, get drunk with his buddies and BBQ or go out to bars...Here's where I start to get creeped out . I'm a tall thin female and I had just turned 14 so I was "maturing"  physically. He would just stare at me whenever he was there. Every move i made he was watching. I could feel his eyes burning through me. All these years I had been around enough to be like family. So I did chores when I was there, would help cook and take care of the younger ones. He would ask me to do him favors like get his food or a beer or lemon.(he used lemon on pretty much everything). The last night i was to be there he was having a small bbq with his buddies, its as though he was asking me for these kinds of favors more than usual. As if he was showing me to his friends. They would all start talking in Spanish and just stare with that predator stare creeps have! One of them had the nerve to run his hand down the back of my leg. So I stayed inside with the young ones watching shrek and just kept it to myself. It wasn't the worse thing (so I thought), and they'd been drinking so I attributed it to that.Later that night Natalie's dad leaves to go to a bar. All of us kids doze off watching a movie. I don't know what time it was when her dad came stumbling in but him coming in the door woke me up. He didn't see that I was awake. I just opened my eyes for a sec, but I could see that it was just me and the youngest girl left sleeping on the couch. Natalie and the others had gone to their beds at some point.This fucking pervert sees his 3 year old and I sleeping on the couch and decides its a good time for him to put on one of his pornos. I'm fucking creeped out already and he still think im sleeping. I then feel his hand on my chest trying to pull down my shirt! So I act like I'm changing sleeping positions and roll over a bit and put my hand by my face to so my arm is covering my chest. I hear the TV click off and him walk away... Then the shower turn on.So I lay there absolutely terrified trying to process wtf just happen. Then i hear the shower turn off and no more noise. So eventually I doze off...Next thing I know I'm being woken up with my pants undone and his hand down them. He whispered to me "your a woman now"!!!!I pushed him off and ran to natalies bedroom and locked the the door!  I layed down on her bed with her and her sister and cried! I was confused and scared! I didn't know if he was going to try to "finish what he started". This was my best friends dad! The man who had watched me grow up. The family that had been there for me whenever I needed them! They were my family!! I didn't know if I should tell them or just pretend it didn't happen. I felt ashamed and like I had done something wrong and if I said anything I would ruin their family! Or if if I told my mom I would never be able to see my best friend again( a child's logic) It had to have been 3 or 4 in the morning. I didn't know what to do! So I cried myself to sleep that night praying that nothing else would happen. I felt totally alone and isolated! The next morning her dad was gone and everything went on as it had been. I packed my things and got ready for the bus ride home. Before I left I mustered up the courage to at least tell her about the porn... To which she said she knew, and he does that all the time! She then told her mom and they laughed about it. I didn't tell them or anyone what he tried to do (with my 20/20 retrospect goggles on, I fucking should have told someone). I didn't talk to them for quite a few years after that. But last I heard of them was their parents split up. The kids where split up between different family members and the mom has a "hot young boyfriend" (you go mom!!!) I think the father went back to mexico where his family lives...Thank you for reading.
My girlfriend, 19, was raped about 3.5 years ago, twice, and punched in the face by the same guy before I knew her. She's gotten stronger and better but she still has some self destructive habits for coping with her pain. Anyway, I really care about this girl and I'm not sure if this is the right environment for her? She's always been a little bit wild. Something about a space filled with a bunch of people, dim lit, and music gets her going. I think it's superficial but it's just her. I don't believe her paying for friends or be an elitist group is worth it. Being that, the Greek life she wants to join is top tier and there are several, if not countless, cases of the frats drugging and raping girls. Frats, to me, as well as Greek life, are just a big blob of hypermasculinity, power and misogyny. While they do have fundraisers for things, they're never tackling the real issues on their campuses. Neither the sororities or frats address the real problems that the Greek life culture systemically creates. I do have a bias, but my main problem is that my girlfriend wants to join a culture that promotes ideals that she has always been so against. I just don't understand what the appeal is. I am not trying to sway her away but I just do not feel that she will be safe in the Greek life environment. I've tried speaking to her about it but she really doesn't listen to me much. By all means she can be in a sorority, I don't control her life but I don't think she sees the real dangers. I guess I just need someone to tell me the good things that it can give to her? Thank you
A few back I was hanging out with this boy. I was doing my essay and he was sitting on the chairs at my dorm, just talking. Then we started kissing, after a while I told him to stop. He started pushing himself upon me. I was rape before and my mind just went to that moment, and my body froze. The guy did what he did. Afterwards the guy I talk to come to my room and I decided to pretend as nothing happen, I was not ready to confess the truth. He founded a condom wrapper. He asked if we did something and I lied saying no (big mistake). I was in shocked, didn't know what to do, and thought he was gonna be extremely mad at me. The next day I was more ready to speak to him but both time I tried his roommate was there. I went home for the weekend, and that's when he found out what happened but not really. He asked the guy if we did anything and he told him we had sex! IT WAS NOT CONSENSUAL AT ALL!!! We argued and everything and decided to leave it behind us. No i found out he's talking to other females because he still believe I decided to go and have sex with someone else but i didn't. I told him it was rape and he said he doesn't believe me, he doesn't know what to believe about me anymore, that he doesn't want to believe, that females lie about anything. I need him to believe, He's very stubborn. I need advice HELP
I am in therapy, but other than my counselor and my husband there aren't many people that know, and only 1 who lives sort of close to me. I don't want to burden them, because no one likes someone who is down all the time, and I have few friends as it is; I don't want to drive them away. It's been almost 9 months and I feel like I should be 'over it'. I don't think there's any group therapy in my area, though I will ask next session. I just need to have someone I can talk to this about who will listen.Update: SO I had a meeting with my counselor and there is group therapy that she has referred me to, and I have arranged a meeting for intake. 
I'm sorry if this is the wrong place for this. I was redirected from r/relationships to here. I consented to the sex and didn't consent to a minor add-on, so I more wanted to know whether or not I'm being reasonable or not. I'm really, really sorry if this is the wrong place for this.Incident a few months ago - not still a problem, but I want my thoughts on consent checking just to make sure I'm on the right page.My FWB [21M] and I were experimenting a while back with a light bondage kit. I was a bit unsure but I said I was okay with everything but a ball gag (I have a history of sexual assault and being able to say 'no' is very important for me being comfortable), My partner heard me and put the ball gag on me anyway while my hands were tied behind my back. It wasn't on tightly and I managed to push it out. He has been pushy in the past (just stuff like saying 'You're spoiling my fun' or still kind or trying to push for certain things almost in a 'maybe if I do it slowly she won't mind' kind of way) but this is the only time he's actually outright ignored 'no'. I talked to him about it afterwards and he said he didn't see anything wrong with taking someone 'out of your comfort zone', but I don't feel like that was his choice to make for me. He has since apologised after I brought it up again and got very angry with me when I accused him of being entitled in his sexual behaviour.He has a tendency to doubt my decisions a lot - for example, he told me a while back that I needed to focus on some assertiveness/positive mindset techniques he'd picked up on a course more than reading my cognitive behavioural therapy books. He also responded to my concerns that I was depressed due to birth control by saying that I was 'moody' and seems to put most things in my life down to a negative attitude. What confuses me is that he seems to want what's best for me and simultaneously not trust me to know what that is, and I feel kind of bothered by this. But my main issue links back to the specific moment of the ball gag.NB: I have made the decision to leave him. I am going no contact regardless or not this incident was normal. I just want to know whether or not I have a screwed-up sense of boundaries.tl;dr: FWB put a ball gag in my mouth while I was tied up after I specifically said 'no' to that bit of equipment. He's since apologised, but I wanted to know if this is ever acceptable behaviour since I know I have a weird idea of consent.
...do you think it is considered rape if two friends who sleep next to Each other from time to time, in which one of the friends (Friend A)has had many previous conversations with the other friend (Friend B) making it very clear that they don't want to have sex with them (or anyone for that matter) at the time or in the future, Are both intoxicated one night and sleep next to each other And While Friend A is sleeping/unconscious Friend B penetrates Friend A and friend A suddenly wakes up and is crying Because of what just happened and is in pain so Friend B stops and just keeps saying "I'm sorry" and Friend Afinally falls back to sleep from intoxication and wakes up in the morning horrified and still in pain. But friend B points out that they were also drunk when it happened.......however, Friend A is very new to drinking, and Friend B is a long time heavy weight drinker who makes many decisions while drinking all the time. .....then, on another night, many months later, they are intoxicated again and sleep next to Each other, with it still being made presently very clear through many conversations that Friend A does not want to have sex then or in the future, and Friend A is very drunk and out of it and half sleep, but Friend B (Who is also drunk but very lively) begins having sex with Friend A, but Friend A doesn't say "no" or "stop" and just makes noises because they are so out of it but do know what's happening and wants it to stop,  and Friend B stops after maybe a minute,and in the morning, once again Friend B points out that they were also drunk implying that it once again wasn't intentional. Friend B also didn't use protection which is something that Friend A wouldn't be okay with even if they did ever decide that they wanted to be sexually active. Also, These two occasions are the only two times that Friend A has had sex in a span of a year or more, so there seemingly should havebeen no confusion with Friend A being serious and consistent with not wanting sex especially when paired with their many very clear conversations. What do you think though. I would like some opinions on this. Is this rape? ....or is it not because of both friends being intoxicated
I posted in the rape counseling as well but I really need help/suggestions, I (21F) apologize my thoughts are all over the place... A little back story, when I moved to LA, I went on a date with a guy who seemed to have a lot of similar interests and he seemed really cool. Ten minutes into the date, I realized he was pretty drunk. The date was terrible and he was kind of an asshole. He was making a lot of judgmental remarks; he kept trying to put his hands up my dress, and trying to make out while we were sitting in the restaurant. He asked me if I wanted to come over to smoke and listen to music, I’m not sure why I said yes but I did. We walked to his house and he held my hand and kept telling me how pretty I was and it gave me a little hope that he wasn’t completely awful. When we got to his place he wouldn’t stop putting his hands up my dress although I repeatedly said please stop/no. He eventually pushed me on his bed and then I lost my virginity when he raped me. I never thought it was rape because I tried to stop him a few times but I froze and just laid there. I didn’t do anything. He was so drunk he couldn’t finish and he asked me if I wanted to stay the night and try again in the morning. I got dressed immediately and he kept grabbing me and trying to make out. I cried that night and that was it. The next morning he texted me apologizing for his “subpar performance in the bedroom and if he could take me out again to redeem himself”. I never acknowledged that it was rape but I kept just labeling it as terrible sex. I thought that if I didn’t think about it, I would be fine.A month or so ago, I talked about it for the first time with my therapist and it really made everything so real. It was so scary to finally acknowledge I had been raped. I couldn’t stop crying on and off for days after talking about it. A week after talking about it, I went back to LA and it was a huge trigger. I have constant flashbacks, nightmares about him and any other guy I’ve tried getting close with, I don’t leave my room, I haven’t been to class since I’ve talked to my therapist. I’ve tried going to group therapy for this specific issue, but it cancels frequently. I can’t stop having breakdowns, crying, not sleeping at night. I’m not going to pass my classes/graduate so I called my dad to explain to him why and I told him about being raped. I know he was just reacting because he was shocked but he kept asking me who my rapist was, how I met him, why I didn’t file a report with the police, why I didn’t tell him, etc. He eventually got over the shock and asked me if I was okay, what he could do to help, etc. But I’m not sure if I telling him was too soon for me.I have anxiety just leaving my room and I have to really prepare myself to do anything even things as simple as brushing my teeth, I can’t stop crying, I can’t focus, I have constant flashbacks, I just don’t have much hope, I’m not interested in anything anymore, I get really anxious/nervous being touched. I’ve never been in a relationship but I don’t imagine myself in one ever, now. I went on a date and just having my arm touched freaked me out. I’m devastated that trying to deal with this has affected my classwork and graduating from college and I don’t know what to do. I just feel so depressed and numb.I know things will not ever be the way they were before but I’m just wondering what things can I do/do you suggest I can do to make strides towards a healthier life/mindset or to help cope? Or if there’s hope?
Here's how it is: when I was about 13 I was repeatedly assaulted by an older cousin for years. My sister was, too. It's painful enough having to bear that trauma every day of my life, but what really made it cut deep was that my boyfriend at the time (I was 17 by this point), who I loved with all my heart, refused to have sex with me because of it. I confided in him because I was still going through the legal battle and family drama that goes with that sort of thing. He supported me, but didn't want to be intimate with me. He said I was "too emotionally fragile" and that I "would think he was raping me" even though I told him many times that I knew the difference between rape and consensual sex. I tried to work on it with him by talking it out, going to therapy with him, even covering my face during sex so he could pretend it was someone else. He still refused and after 5 years of rejection and being told I'm damaged goods I broke up with him. I'm still having a hard time getting over it and vowed I would never speak of my past again to anyone so it doesn't damage potential relationships. Any advice on how to have a better relationship so this doesn't happen again? Or any other advice?
This is kind of hard to write about, mostly because I don't fully understand it myself.  I'll try to keep it short. My rape happened about 8 months ago. I call it a rape, but I'm not sure if that's even correct, because technically I never said no. I did fight him off at first but then, and I can't really explain it, everything just kind of shut down for me, like I couldn't speak or move voluntarily. I could feel all the pain, but it was like I was completely gone from my body otherwise. Like I was in shock maybe? I don't know. Anyway, that feeling, that shut down, out of my body experience keeps happening to me now with sex, even if I iniate it and really want it. At some point, it just happens and not voluntarily. I don't know how to get past this. I just feel so disconnected. Every time my partner touches me or initiates intamicy of any kind, it kind of makes my skin crawl. Makes me want to move away. But not so much if I initiate the hug or cuddle or whatever. I feel so broken and messed up. I don't know how to get past this feeling. Any advice? Or even just someone who understands what I'm going through?
Here's my story...Last weekend, I was at a party. I was intoxicated, but not to the point where I was so out of it that I couldn't understand what was happening to me after everyone went to bed. So long story short, I finally decided to go to bed and the only place that was really available was in this room with ANOTHER guy (yes, I am a dude). Considering he was my friend, I really thought nothing of it; plus, we were on the floor and not really near each other.I passed out super quick because I was so tired, but I didn't expect to wake up to what I did. I woke up to the feeling of someone touching me and shortly after, inserting them self into me. Before I knew it, it was over. I don't know why I didn't move or say anything. Honestly, I feel like it is my fault for not leaving immediately or fighting him. I just did not want to cause a scene, but I know that sounds so stupid...Anyway, I went to the hospital to get checked out. I knew my parents would see eventually because I am underneath my mother's insurance, so I figured that I should tell them. When I told her, she instantly blamed me because I was drinking. She did not give me a hug or ask if I was okay... She just kind of looked at me in disgust. I showed her the pills the hospital gave me (anti-viral pills) and she just told me to take them and forget about the whole situation. Then she yelled at me about a co-payment for the hospital trip and then she just went to bed. My dad said absolutely nothing.Now I'm just sitting here in my room like wtf do I do. 
ok... I'm going to do the best I can with this Several months ago I had just started dating a guy Matt. Matt was nice but I wasn't really ready to be in a relationship and didn't feel much spark. I had also just met Joe [the 35/M] who is married but in an open marriage. Joe flirted with me a bit and approached me with the idea of hooking up with him, and I admitted I was a bit interested but firmly said I was dating Matt and was not going to try and open the relationship or cheat or anything like that. I made that very clear. I told him if we were ever to hook up with eachother it would be under good circumstances. A week or so later from that convo, I went out drinking with Joe, his wife, and a large group of friends. They live right by me so they were my ride with Joe as the DD for me and his wife. I got way too drunk out, drunk enough that he had to pull over to the side of the road on the way home to vomit. I was in and out of it, they took me to their place and put me to bed, and Joe got into bed with me.  We had sex... I had just tiny flashes of memory of it happening. I woke up at about 5am with him trying to have sex with me again. I pushed him away and he went to the bathroom, while he was in the bathroom I tried to gather up my things and leave but he caught me at the front door and I broke down crying. He sat me down and convinced me that I was still a good person even though I had cheated on Matt. I left and a couple days later broke up with Matt telling him I wasn't ready to be in a relationship but didn't tell him about the cheating, it felt like it would hurt him for no reason. [was that the wrong decision?] he took the breakup well (hadn't been dating mroe than a month) and we stopped talking after that I became more of a hot mess after that incident. I started hooking up with joe regularly (why would I do that if I thought he raped me??) but finally broke things off at the beginning of this year I feel like I'm super fucked up, why did I keep having sex with him? I don't know if I was really raped if I kept it up afterward. Rape feels like such a bizarre thing to call it even... I don't know. But now I can't stand the sight of Joe. We have shared hobbies and every time I see him everything he does irritates me, all his flaws are blaring, I just want to scream at him. What should I do now?? Was I raped? Please help **tl;dr: think I might have been raped? was I? Does it count if I hooked up with him after?**
It was three Easters ago that my then boyfriend (now ex) gave me a choice. He'd just let me give him $3000-4000 so he could rent our apartment (we were supposed to be splitting it but he kept coming up short as he was drinking away his paychecks, though I did not know this at the time) and then he wanted me to move out so he could focus on his recovery in AA/NA... Apparently he wanted to focus on the neighbor lady's vagina, too, though.He said that unless I let him have sex with me, I was not allowed to move back to my home or get back my money for the rent in the place I hadn't been living (our agreement when I moved out was that he'd pay it back to me). The other option was to move back in with my family, where I had experienced a lot of sexual and physical, as well as psychological, abuse: not a good place to go back to.So I let him.That probably sounds pathetic.  I didn't think I had much of a choice.  My time was running out at my temporary place to stay. I was working three jobs and barely making ends meet. He knew this, and he knew I couldn't go back to my family, either.It felt like he was trying to split me in half.  I was a virgin.  I didn't bleed, but we had never successfully had any penetrative sex probably due in part to my abuse history, which we had recently begun to deal with in couples therapy and I had already been dealing with in private therapy.I hate him.  All I wanted was for him to STOP IT.  How could that even be a little bit enjoyable for him? I tried to pretend I was anywhere else, out of my body. And then he told me less than a day later that I couldn't move back (or have my money back), because he just wasn't feeling it.I don't even know what to call this.
This is going to be long, but I need to get this off my chest and I don’t really know who to turn to in real life. Please don’t be hesitant to be brutally honest, I will try not to take it personally. Also I apologize in advance for any spelling and grammatical errors as this is my first post and I am pretty nervous to talk about it.Okay,I have been dating the love of my life for almost three years now. We are seniors in college and this weekend we had our schools major "formal" type event. My boyfriend doesn't drink and I just recently turned 21 and I hadn't really drank before that. Additional backstory, a few months ago we accepted separate job offers on opposite sides of the planet, and it has been causing serious problems with our relationship. A few weeks ago he abruptly asked for a break over text, and then a few days after he was desperate to get back together. We talked and agreed that since our jobs and lives will be very different after graduation, that we would enjoy the time we had left together, go our separate ways after graduation, and meet up at a holiday to see if we wanted to stay apart or try and make our different lifestyles work. Because of this situation, we decided to go to this formal event together and hangout with our mutual friends.So the day before the party, we get in another fight about our futures. We decided to put our issues aside and go have fun anyway. My friends and I still planned to drink, and honestly, I had never drank a ton before so I was almost excited for the opportunity to be really drunk with my girlfriends(sounds really dumb in hindsight) . My boyfriend offered to take care of me when I got drunk despite our earlier arguments. We talked about it beforehand and I told him that taking care of me ment I didn’t want to have drunk sex. He seemed really upset by that, and I compromised saying if I was clearly not drunk, we could talk about it after the party, and decide about sex at that point (I know this is one of my many mistakes). Fast forward to the formal, (here comes another mistake) I drank alot, very quickly (I take full responsibility for this, I know now that this was so incredibly stupid of me) I felt fine one minute and the next minute I was unable to stand on my own, and remember nothing. Meanwhile, my boyfriend is taking care of me the way he promised. He takes me to the car (he is still stone cold sober) and apparently we get in a huge fight. At this point everything, is based on what he told me the next morning. He said, I was crying and saying some pretty hurtful things, which I believe cause I get pretty sad/harsh when I am just tipsy.  He said he  drove  us back to the hotel, helped me up the stairs, and started packing to leave cause he said he was done with me (I understand his frustration here, I am sure I was a crying drunk mess at this point and I am even more sure I ruined his evening). He said I then begged him to stay, and  promised him  sex because “ I owed him for ruining his night” He said that it seemed like I had sobered up, and he thought it was okay since I was offering. He said he undressed me, and proceeded to have sex with me.  I woke up a few hours later, remembering nothing, I tried to stand up felt really sore and dizzy. When I stood up I almost fell, and was clearly still very drunk. He woke up asked  to have sex and I remember saying “ I don’t care” (I thought this was our first time having sex that night) we had sex, but I felt so empty and was honestly in pain. When we were done, I asked him if we had sex before that night. He said I was begging for it and seemed fine, until I passed out. He promised when I passed out he stopped, and that he swore I was sober, but I woke up almost completely naked and didn’t remember  a single thing. He promised he wore a condom but how am I supposed to know for sure?I’m sorry that was so long I just don’t know what to do. I have been pretending everything is fine, but the more I think about it the more sick I get thinking about it. I just need to know, did I deserve it? I feel like I do for being such a drunk.  Is it rape, or am I just some dumb girl who should have known better? Am I blowing this out of proportion?  I just have a hard time thinking it’s rape cause he is the best person I know, I was so mean to him despite him taking care of me, and he seemed so apologetic  when I told him I didn’t remember the entire night…I mean he told me everything about our night so he must have sincerely thought I wanted to have sex and was coherent.  How do I talk to him? I still love him and would never ever report him or tell anyone about the experience but I don’t know how to be around him. Does anyone have any recommendations about how to forget this whole event and move on?Please help me.
I went to a guy's house, I'd never met him before but he seemed cool. We had sex, voluntary on both sides, then smoked weed for awhile. Apparently it was synthetic weed, which I have never smoked before, and I became almost catatonic from the effects of it. I couldn't speak or move. He tried to get me to give him a blowjob but I wouldn't open my mouth and he didn't try and make me. He tried to get me to come off of the high, he seemed worried. Then he dragged me over to him and had sex with me vaginally and anally, I never said no or struggled but I never said yes either. When I realized that he was raping me anally I fought back and got him out of me. I had tremors all over. He tried to make me give him a blowjob again, this time I was saying no over and over again but he wouldn't stop. He got me on top of him and put himself in me again, I still wasn't saying yes and I still was far from being in my right mind but as long as he didn't go near my ass again I didn't fight back. He kept trying to get into my ass again and it was obvious I didn't want it, I kept saying no, but he wouldn't stop trying. He kept saying to me "but this is what you wanted earlier" except we'd never discussed anal. Finally I was able to get dressed and leave, I had multiple panic attacks in the car driving home. I'm not interested in pursuing any kind of action against him but I really really am confused as to whether I was raped or not. I feel as if I was. I felt violated. Reasons as to why I think I was raped: I never said yes and I was out of my right mind the entire time. I wasn't able to say a coherent word the entire time. Reasons as to why I maybe wasn't: I don't think he meant for me to OD so hard, he was smoking the same stuff and didn't know I'd never tried synthetic before. Also he wasn't rough and he didn't come in me. He must have thought I wanted it, since we'd had sex earlier. A day later, today, I feel fine. I'm not panicking and nothing hurts, he really didn't hurt me physically at all. But I can't stop thinking about it. Was I raped or was it just a convoluted, drug-filled situation with no one to blame?
My boyfriend's mother is extremely overbearing, often using religion as a mask for it. For example, a couple weeks ago she found my Twitter and screamed at him over text to break up with me because I'm bisexual. Once she realized she wouldn't win, she dropped it.He has told me of a few troubling incidents in which she will "cuddle" with him on the couch or in his bed. In the most recent incident he was naked after a shower and quickly covered himself with a blanket. He told me about this right after it happened and I gave him resources pertaining to sexual abuse. He said she sometimes yells at him if she thinks he's masturbating and she hasn't wanted sex with his dad in about a decade, which he thinks means she doesn't have those thoughts toward him, either - but I am afraid she has unhealthy feelings toward him and I fear for his safety. I told him if she tries it again he needs to tell her no, but he says she hasn't since then. I feel like this is sexual abuse because it upsets him, but I don't know if it counts if she has not actually fondled him. This is making me so upset to think about I am tearing up and feel sick writing this.**tl;dr**: Adult boyfriend's mother is overbearing, gets in bed with him to "cuddle" with him, and tries to control/limit his sexuality in other ways. Is this sexual or other abuse?
My mother has been with my step-father since I was about 8. When I was about 10 he touched my vagina over my underwear when we were sitting on a couch together. I was confused, and thought maybe it was a mistake. After that I wouldn't let him get close enough to do it again, but he would constantly tell me how pretty/cute/beautiful/sexy... I was. He even tried to offer me money if I let him rub my legs. I had learned about telling a parent if someone touches you, but I kept thinking no one would believe me. Or he would say he was just being nice, and I would get in trouble. When I was a little older I thought about telling because my step-father still constantly made inappropriate comments or suggested things like I should watch porn. However, I learned that my father has a criminal past that could still get him in to trouble today. I was worried that if he found out not only would he be upset with me, but that he might get arrested for beating/murdering my step father. My father wouldn't even let me have a male teacher until middle school, because he was worried about male teachers molesting me. I didn't want him to go to jail, so I still didn't say anything. What finally made me decide to never say anything was my mother telling me about how she was molested/rapped by a family friend when she was a child. She broke down crying, and said that she tried so hard to never let the same thing happen to me. My mother has a history of mental illness and drug/alcohol abuse. I couldn't tell her that she had failed to protect me. I was worried about her having a mental breakdown or killing herself. Now that I'm adult I don't have to interact with my step-father except for a quick hello/good-by when I visit my mother. My mother tells me I'm being rude, and that my step-father has said how much it hurts him. It makes me incredibly angry that he would complain to my mother about how I'm not nice to him. He was recently hospitalized, and my mother is pushing for me to make amends with him. I've been thinking about going to see him, and telling him how much I despise him. Finally getting some closure or something. And then telling him that as far as my mother will ever know we had a pleasant chat, and made up. Should I do this? What should I say? I know some people will say I should tell, but I just can't. I have told my husband, but made him promise never to say or do anything for the reasons above. TL;dr:My mother wants me to make amends with my step-father who molested me. I want to tell him how disgusting he is, but make my mother think we made up. 
Trigger Warning for difficult discussion on rape/sexual abuseMany of you know me as a long-time mod here. I am also a psychotherapist who has worked with sexual violence victims for many years. I speak around the U.S. at national and international conferences on aspects of my work that few others in the field talk about. That area is on victims who experienced arousal during their rape or sexual abuse.It’s a normal, physical response and far more common than we know. It is an area I have dedicated my work to exploring further. I am currently working with a university to develop research in this area, and need your help. If you have experienced arousal or orgasm when you were raped or abused, send me a PM (to protect your privacy) to let me know. If you can write about what you experienced, so much the better. If that is difficult for you, but you are open to online discussion with me, we can always talk further.If you are comfortable commenting on it here, that’s fine as well. I want you to do what’s most comfortable for you. I know how shameful and difficult this can be to discuss. My work has shown me that as hard as it is to start talking about sexual assault at all, this is yet another (perhaps the hardest) painful aspect to tell someone. My interest is purely knowledge and research at this point. Of course, if I can help you discuss it, I am glad to do so. I cannot provide any form of therapy on Reddit, but I can provide support, ideas and guidance towards therapy, if you don’t already have it.This is one piece of a larger body of work that I am putting together. Your support here will be valuable not only to this work, but to the many victims who do not and cannot talk about experiencing a very normal reaction, because of the stigma and shame society puts on this.Thank you, CTTldr; I am researching the experience and effects of arousal and orgasm during sexual violence. If you have experienced any level of sexual response or arousal in reaction to your sexual abuse/assault, PM me.P.S. If you aren’t familiar with me or my work, this is a link to one of the AMA’s I’ve done with Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/1w4d7m/orgasm_and_arousal_during_rape_or_sexual_assault/
Im a female, 17 now, and I really should be over this. When I was 12, and my cousin 13, he suddenly started violating me in my sleep. All of my cousins were up and we all slept in my room. I was on the outside of the bed and my cousin right next to me on the floor. We played some truth or dare (he asked if we were virgins?? Like, we're 12, but whatever, apparently sex was on his mind that night) and then went to sleep. I stirred away kind of slowly, and felt something touching my leg. I opened my eyes slightly and see my cousin touching my leg and i was a little scared but just thought he was messing with me, so I asked what he was doing quietly but he just rolled over and we both went back to sleep. The next night, im a little nervous to sleep cause he was still right next to me on the floor, but I felt okay cause i just assumed he was curious or something cause id just shaved. So we all fall asleep and once again, I wake up, but this time hes touching my breast. I suddenly froze. i couldnt stop him cause i felt like i couldnt breathe, and I was scared out of my mind. after a few minutes i finally snapped out of it and shrugged him off without saying anything. This happened a couple other times over another one of their visits, my cousin and i never acknowledged it or talked about it. This left me really paranoid- I slept with the light on, insisted on keep my door closed, had to be covered by a blanket when I slept, didn't like being woken up but physical contact. I still have to sleep with my door closed and completely covered blanket, dont like being touched when woken- these we habits that started after the incidents. Then, while at a camp, all my cousins again were sleeping in a cabin. I dont remember why but the cousin and I had decided to sleep on the floor with our sleeping bags. the dogs also slept in our cabin with us. it had been a while since the other incidents and i didnt really worry about anything. However, I woke up in the middle of the night to him on top of me grinding against me. Again, i froze up. I wanted to cry, i was so afraid. but this time, i just let it happen. I remember vividly just giving up cause other people were there, i didnt want to wake them, i didnt want to get my cousin in trouble. I started falling asleep again, but with him there i jolted awake a bit and he got off. I was so exhausted i fell asleep like two seconds later.In the morning it was like nothing happened. I tried to tell myself it was one of the dogs (i was on my stomach), but i knew i saw an arm positioned on either side of me.After that he hasnt touched me again, and hes not a bad person, im sure he feels guilty as hell. I never told anyone, and i dont plan to. I dont have a bad relationship with him on the surface, you could call it stockholm's, but I feel very submissive around him still.Ever since the last event in particular, I have been even more averted from men than i already was- my uncle went to jail cause he was a pedophile when i was 8, so i had already been put off by guys. but after my cousin happened, i find myself unable to talk to men in person. I dont even try anymore. and i dont mean talk to men in a way to get a relationship, but id like to at least have a friend who is a guy. I find when i talk to them, or rather, when i dont, because i cant seem to talk to them at all. I clam up, just like i did when my cousin violated me. I feel inferior, submissive around guys, i guess you could say fearful but its not quite like that.I repressed this for a long time, but ever since i became depressed last fall, the memories came back. Im almost nervous to see my cousin, cause hes just a major trigger during this sensitive time for me.Anyway, i dont know how to get over this. Im already seeing a therapist, but ive never told someone before and id rather not tell her.
When I was 16, I was living with my dad. I started remembering that when I was younger, he would molest me. I was living with this guy, and it was eating me up. I was in denial about what happened. I was in a really bad place, so that’s why I met up with someone on Craigslist. I lied saying I was 18, and posted nude on craigslist. I know this makes no sense, but I thought since I have flashbacks from sex, if I got a guy to pretend to be my dad, I would have a flashback knowing for sure if my dad really molested me or not. My dad drove me at 12 at night 2 hours away to his house. We had sex, no flashbacks. Dad was mad at me and worried. Next time I met up with this guy, well call him Ant, we met at this park near my house late at night. He was acting weird, saying that he was in love with me (even though it was only the second time I ever saw him and we never talked that much) and that he DID NOT want me sleeping with anyone else. I thought this was weird and told him "You don’t even know me" he said he can read people really well which I fell for, being 16 and dying for anyone to love me. I also thought it was weird he kept repeating almost angrily that I can’t sleep with anyone else because I wasn’t going to sleep with anyone else regardless. He kept touching me and trying to have sex and I was just crying the whole time thinking he didn’t notice my crying, he continued. He later told me he knew I was crying when he was touching me. That night, I was crying and I told him I was 16 turning 17 in a few days and that the only reason I met him was because my dad molested me and I was really confused. He acted surprised, but looking back on it, I don’t know how he couldn’t tell I was underage by my looks. I’m very young looking, short and chubby. I can’t even buy a lighter at the store because I look so young. He said he could help me and acted sympathetic. He was angry I lied to him and I felt so bad I lied. I painted him a picture and made him a bracelet and a card to say sorry that I lied. He told me he forgave me and he wanted to be with me after receiving my painting. I posted into legal advice before, and I got downvoted so bad for saying I lied about my age. The thing is, I told him after he “Confessed love for me” the second time we met. He still wanted a relationship with me after seeing how ridiculously vulnerable I was with no parents that even care. We kept meeting up and he became really really scary. He would drive me to his house high on "blues" or percs or something else. There’s been a few times he almost crashed the car while nodding out, and when I had to take the wheel so we didn’t hit a tree, he YELLED AT ME. He told me he knew what he was doing and not to grab the wheel again. I think the scary moments were that he grabbed my face hard and i became frightened and told him stop. He did immediately and said sorry but that was the moment I started to think he might physically hit me. I really wish I still had the texts telling him how I was scared he would hit me, and him telling me he wouldn’t. The most traumatic time was when he made me stand on my knees for hours and yelled at me when I got up. He said I could only get up when he said, and he snored 3 pills and I started to get really scared. He put on a mask and "spanked" me super hard for hours and he told me later on he will cut me and put cigars out on me to mark me as his own. I never told him to stop because I was really scared even though I was in pain. I don’t know if this is rape because the age of consent is 16 and i never told him no. He would buy weed for me and he asked me if i wanted to do pills with him. I told him no, and that it upset me he wanted me to do that. He started to gaslight me, saying that HE NEVER SAID THAT. When I knew he did because of how upset it made me (since my mom is addicted to pills). He started to degrade me and call me stupid, while accusing me of cheating on him. I really wasn’t. He started to tell me he was flirting with his therapist and it made her uncomfortable. He has bipolar 2. Which really explains a lot about his drug use and his actions. He was hospitalized before and he told me he was caught with drugs many times. He has a record. He was my first person I had anal with. I honestly don’t remember what happened at that time. I blocked it out. He seemed way too excited and creepy about it. It was like a prize to him. I’m not sure why I can’t remember it all. He told me he wanted me to get pregnant at 17. He told me he looked up when I would start showing, so he can make sure I don’t look pregnant until age 18. He told me he wanted me to quit school. He wanted us to get married to him ASAP. I eventually told him I was uncomfortable with this. He didn’t seem phased, it was still a plan to him. I used to have screen shots of our messages, but I dropped my phone in the toilet and now they’re gone. I hate myself for that. I’ve had people tell me it wasn’t rape, and I’ve had people call me a liar. I think people calling me a liar is my biggest fear since I don’t have proof anymore. If I don’t have evidence, and the police don’t, I would have gone through the whole court process for nothing. Now, I just got a friend request on Facebook from him. I started shaking and crying because I’m pretty sure I might have ptsd from this (flashbacks, avoiding sex, avoiding parks we met) So his friend request brought back so many memories I’ve been trying to forget. Is this my chance to have him admit what he did? Do I accept? Do I block him? Was this rape if I never said no, but was crying and too scared? Does it matter that I’m 20 years younger than him if the age of consent is 16? Do I act like his friend to try to get him to admit what happened? My boyfriend told me there’s no point in going to the cops because I don’t have evidence, and most likely they won’t find anything at Ants home or on his computer since he was super paranoid about anyone finding out about us. Has anyone been to the police or court for this? If so, can you tell me how it works? I’m scared to tell my mom because I told her before and she asked me every day if she could send someone to beat him up, but she would never stop bringing it up when I asked her to stop. TLDR: I was in a “relationship” with a 36 year old guy at 16 and he was really scary. I lost all proof of what happened. I’m not sure if it was rape or not, and I’m not sure what to do about his friend request. I feel damaged by what happened with him regardless if it was rape or not, and I’m not sure what to do.
Trigger warning: In this post I mention some details of what happened to me during my assault. I just want to make sure people know this before they continue reading!I'm a 21 yo female. I was sexually assaulted on vacation nine months ago.  During the assault my assailant forcibly gave me oral sex. Knowing that this could still transmit stds, i got tested a few months after it happened. The test results showed that i'm 100% healthy and I contracted nothing. However, I cannot stop worrying. I think about it on a daily basis. I constantly examine my genitals, worrying that one day an std will "appear". Therapy isn't really an option for me right now. I'm a student and my insurance isn't that great. Did anyone else deal with this? I am so heartbroken. I feel like my life is filled with constant worry and fear. 
He didn't rape me, but I was raped. I knew if I didn't initiate sex he would yell, ignore me, lock me out of the house. Having trouble dealing with it, so I'd like to connect to others and discuss if I am insane or the only person who ever let themselves be raped so they could be loved by the rapist.
Im an underage male, I take the subway almost daily beacause of family reasons. A few days ago I was minding my own business when I felt something brush up against my behind. The train was kind of packed so I brushed it off (obviously I still felt awkward), I turn around and see 4 girls in their twenties just staring at me with a face like if they were holding a giggle in. I look back down to my phone and try to start moving away from them. One of them laughed and I felt 2 hands grab my behind, I started to push people to get away. Today they were there again, and this time they didnt even try to hide their giggles, they touched me like they'd done it millions of times before. Please tell me what to do, I tried telling my friends and they said they were jealous. The only other person I could talk to is my mother, but she is a fucking horrible human being that left me with my brother, and my brother is a heavy drug user. Sorry if theres any errors, english isnt my first language.
So I've been dating my girlfriend (21 years old) for about 3 1/2 years now, back in January she went abroad on a college trip and was out at a club, she was heavily intoxicated and got separated from her friends and was approached by a male who offered to show her the way home, she was taken to his place and forcefully raped by him. She was finally able to escape after she was attacked and found her way back to her dorm, she was taken to the hospital and went to the police and the US embassy....long story short she has gone through a lot of emotional pain, she recently decided to drop out of college for the time being, and she is extremely unsure about her life, she has become numb and has lost feeling for everything in life. She has recently tried to dump me explaining she feels nothing (love, hate, happiness) she feels almost like a limp noodle as she says, she says she wants me leave because she his only going down hill and she doesn't want to pull my life down with hers. She wants to run away and leave everything behind. She says after being raped, the rapist took everything from her, her dignity, her courage, her ability to love, he has literally wiped everything from her. I just don't know how to help her, I can't allow our amazing relationship be destroyed by some scumbag who took advantage of my girlfriend. Has anyone else experienced this with a loved one? Does anyone have advice on what I should do, I do not want to give up on my best friend, the girl I love with all my heart even though she is begging me to let her go because she thinks she is only going to ruin me.PS: She is seeing a psychiatrist and has seen a few but it hasn't really helped her that much with her emotions, I feel like she needs to talk to someone who has gone through this as a victim.
I am currently seeing a fantastic therapist who uses something called psychodynamic therapy (I think that's what it's called). She knows about the four incidents of sexual abuse in my past. I wrote it out and had her read it in the middle of last Dec. but I haven't been able to tolerate it when she brings it up and I haven't ever brought it up since. She's not pressuring me to talk about it or anything, it's just stuff like "No wonder you don't trust anyone considering X and the sexual abuse." when I'm discussing X (it's never pushed further than that).Anyway, what happens in therapy for sexual abuse? Do I have to go over it in detail? If I do will I have to go over it in present or past tense? I don't handle it very well when I go into situations without knowing 100% what's going to happen. What if I get a panic attack but our time is up? I don't want to have to walk through my doctors office while I'm in the middle of a panic attack.The more detail you can give me about what to expect the better. 
I'm using a throwaway account because more than one person I'm about to discuss is on reddit. I was raped three years ago (my first year of college) by a complete stranger, but that is not what I'm going to discuss today. I've been getting over it for the past three years, and have found it difficult to be social. I mainly spend time with my boyfriend [21M] who I've been with since high school and a group of people who I met at school and have partied with on many occasions. We work together on projects, and are in many of the same classes together. After abandoning the friends who let me down three years ago, I really thought that these people were my new friends. I trusted them enough that when we traveled for school and stayed in a hotel, I hung out with them in their hotel room. I was the only female, but I had spent so much time with them that I felt completely safe.  We were casually drinking beer. Although I'm 21 I've been drinking for a while and can generally control myself, especially with beer. We were sitting at the foot of the beds watching TV and I had about 4 beers over the course of 1.5 hours (an OK pace for me) when I stopped remembering what happened. Before I woke up, there was what felt like a very vague dream where one of the guys was telling me to "be quiet." I don't know what noise I was making. I don't know where I was and I couldn't feel or see or hear anything else. I woke up the next morning in one of the beds with my dress on inside out. I had been wearing tights, socks and underwear which were all gone. I was extremely confused. The carpet was wet. I gathered anything that was mine and left for my hotel room. I did not have a hangover but I had bruises on my legs and one spot on the back of my head hurt. The area around my vagina was sore.But I had no time to think about it. We were there for a presentation and I had to carry on. This is part of my personality - I've been through a lot of f'ed up shit in my life and I just deal with it - but I now wish I had made a bigger deal about it as soon as I woke up and the guys were all there.  Throughout the day everyone was acting strangely and didn't talk to me much. I tried to keep my composure and decided to call the guy who I believe did it once I got home.I had driven a couple of people there, but on the way back they all crowded into the other car. I knew they were going to talk about me. I stayed in my car once I got home and called the guy. He was able to give me much more information about the night than I remember. He said that one guy suggested we take a shower, so four of us did. He said that after two of them left the shower it was us remaining and we started making out, then had sex. He said the bathroom flooded because someone was standing on the drain. I couldn't find the willpower to be angry at him. I asked if he was going to tell his girlfriend and he said no. I haven't talked to him since. He graduated last year so I haven't had to interact with him.I never wanted to have sex with him. I know it was forced because the last time I was that sore was when I was raped. I'm also disturbed by him telling me to be quiet. I never would have agreed to it because I'm happy with my relationship with my boyfriend and we've actually recently been talking about the future after we graduate and maybe starting a family in 5-10 years. What we have is really special and after the incident three years ago we went through a lot to stay together and make it to this point. Now it's happened again and I can't bring myself to tell him. Although he can tell that there is something wrong because I'm being torn up inside. I feel violated and used.School is a month and a half from being over. I feel like I need to just suffer through this until I can get away from these horrible people. One of the guys in particular (not the one who raped me) has been acting very coldly to me. He looks at me out of the corner of his eye in a sort of condescending way as if he believes I had a part in what happened. I haven't talked to any of the rest of the guys about it. I'm afraid they will tell me I seemed willing or will in some way try to protect the guy who did it.I'm having scary thoughts like, what if I was drugged? It seems likely because I don't remember drinking enough to be heavily intoxicated or passing out. If I did drink too much, how would I have been able to stand up in a shower with three other people, make out with someone, then have sex? And doing all that without thinking about the man I've been with for years who I'm planning to spend the rest of my life with? How could this possibly happen? Everyone who was there knows I have a boyfriend. Why didn't anyone stop it? I feel violated and disrespected but I don't have the courage to stand up for myself and I don't want to make a scene because I'm ashamed that people saw me naked and afraid of my boyfriend finding out from someone other than me. I know I should tell him, and I almost did, but something is stopping me. I don't want to go through the same thing that happened three years ago.Thank you to anyone who read through that wall of text. If you have any advice for me I would really appreciate it. I visited a rape treatment center so that part is taken care of. I just don't know how to get through this last month and a half of school surrounded by people who let me down in the worst way and don't give a shit about me. Most of all, I don't know how to go forward with my boyfriend, who actually matters. Please help.
Last year, something happened to me and I can't get it out of my head.I (19F) was heading to the club with one of my girlfriends and some acquantinces. We met at someones house and began drinking. I had not eaten a lot that day. In the past I have contemplated giving up drinking because bad things always seem to happen when I'm drunk. I lose control. Anyway, I drank a bit too much and totally blacked out before we even left the house. We got a taxi to the club, my friend tells me she was told to get me water, which she did, but I have no recollection. I have no idea what happened next. Everything was black. Fast forward, I'm walking in the club holding someones hand. He sits me down on a sofa and I sit beside him. I'm becoming lucid, I see he is someone I know, a friend of my friend's ex in fact. I don't understand how this happened but it seems like we had been kissing, I would never go for him. I have no interest in him. An acquaintance once told me that this guy is 'creepy'. I am a virgin. I've never been touched by anyone in my life, I've never touched anyone either. Next thing I feel his hand on my leg and he touches me, I'm shocked, I look at him and scowl. I say "no, no". He tries to do it again but I clamp my legs shut. I'm strong, but he puts his hands on my legs, pushing and eventually forces my legs open. He continues to touch me, I say please don't do this, someone will see. I'm shocked, like, he knows me, how can he do this when he can see I'm so impaired? he suggests we go to his friend's house, I say no, I'm going home and you cannot come. He then says ok lets go outside. He gets up and stands at the door saying come on, let's go. And I stupidly get up and walk after him. I don't know why I did that. En route I grab onto him and tell him I'm afraid. I'm shaking, everything is hazy. I can't believe whats going on, I don't understand it either. He takes my hand and we continue to walk. He pushes me against a wall and I stumble and he has to hold me up. He starts touching me again and I can't look at him. I close my eyes. He grabs my face and stares at me. I can't believe what's happening. He keeps staring, I'm freaking out. i can't focus my eyes and I know they're rolling around in my head. I should be stronger than him but in my drunken state I can't do anything about this. I mean, I'm pretty sure he would've known I was a virgin too. I can't believe what's happening. He pulls down my pants, lifts me up and penetrates without a condom. I start struggling. He can't lift me much longer because I'm heavier. He lets me down. Then he continues to touch me. He bites my breast and draws blood and that's when I scream. I just stand there, its like i had no control over what was going on, i had no strength. We part ways and I return and find my friend, who I don't say anything to, but she sees my dress is ripped. She tells me there's blood running down my leg.I went home that night and I couldn't sleep for hours. I was just shocked. The next morning I woke up covered in bruises and scratches. I don't say anything to anyone. He adds me on FB but I decline the request. I felt so alone, useless and dirty. I felt so stupid like, was this my fault? Was I deserving of what happened?A few months ago I had a breakdown and told another friend. she's the only person who knows. We haven't talked much as I am busy with school. He has told his friends and they know about it. I wonder what they think, is it funny to them too? Do they not understand it's not okay to take advantage of someone like that? I've seen him since and I feel like he's laughing at me. He always has a shit-eating grin and it honestly makes me feel sick. I don't know what I should do or how I should try to heal after this. my grades are down. I've lost interest in some of my friends, they care about such trivial things. I feel very alone and like I'll never find someone and be able to get over this. I'd appreciate your thoughts/help/advice. Was what he did wrong or was it my fault for being in such a state?
I remember.  I remember the party. I remember falling asleep on the bottom bunk.  I remember you coming and laying next to me.  I remember thinking "my "brother" is here, I am safe".  I also remember waking up hurting and sore.  With my pants and panties missing.  You were still there, but shortly after my stirring left.  I tried to tell the people at the party... not sure they believed me.  I refused to drive you home the next morning.  I told my mother and boyfriend.  No one believed me.  You got lucky.  I should have went to the hospital that night.  I should have gotten rape kit.  But you lived with us.  Your mom and mine were best friends.  Everyone defended you.  Do you realize what you did to me?  Do you even care?I hear you have kids now, even a daughter.  I pray NOTHING like this ever happens to her.  I wish I could forgive you, but I can't.  I trusted you.  You may not have been blood, but I trusted you.  You were my brother, even if you weren't blood.  And you knew it.  We referred to each other as brother and sister.  I pray that one day I can forgive you.  You never admitted or apologized.  I pray that karma doesn't come back around on your daughter.  No one deserves this.  Ever.   I want to forgive you...but at the same time, I hope you burn in hell.
This is the only thing I can think of...I'm a male in my mid-twenties, and I was just roofied and raped by a gay male.I googled this subreddit because I'm too embarrassed to talk to anyone I know My parents are amazing people and taught me to love everyone, but right now I hate gay people. I swear on my puppy's life I'm not being a troll. I don't want to hate gay/lesbian people, I just can't help it right now :(On top of this debilitating anger I have towards gay men (I really want it to go away), I just feel broken and pathetic I know Reddit is a comical and cynical place, but this is 100% honest. You are the only people I can think to talk toplease 
I chat to someone and have met her family a few times. They are a late 30s couple with three little girls. Almost everyday the mom tells me how the little girl is acting up at school, kicking, throwing, hitting, running out of class, she is 6. The mom then said the school called her in to tell her she had done something to other kids,she didn't specify. She said at her old school some kids pulled off her panties and touched her. Is it normal for a child to act up daily from one incident months ago? Could someone in her life be abusing her? I don't want to make assumptions but it just sounds odd to me, I thought maybe someone here could enlighten me as it is bugging me. 
From ages of 11-18 I was repeatedly sexually assaulted and groped by numerous strangers and also a family friend. Thought there was something wrong with me, cos it never happened to any of my friends and just me. Kind of grew numb to it.At 18 I was raped, and then during that week, I was later taken advantage of by another guy who I thought I could trust. In my head I said to myself "If guys are going to just take advantage of me, I may as well use it to my advantage" so a week later I sold my body. I was going through a period of self destructive behaviour, with cutting myself, bulimia, getting drunk, high, and thought prostituting was what I deserved. I hated myself so much and thought I was worthless. Was ready to kill myself. My first "client" was thankfully a gentleman (maybe about 40s or 50s and I was 18 at the time), very nice, ended up talking 95% of the time and he kept giving me shots. We never even really had sex because his penis didn't really go inside me because he wasn't hard enough. (He had a condom on) He tried to kiss me but I turned my head. Probably got like "3 half thrusts" in and then his phone rang and he had to leave. Asked me if we could have dinner the next day and I said sure. He paid me and we said bye.At that time I was so fucked up I don't know what I was thinking. I felt so powerful immediately after receiving money from my first client. I went home straight after then felt disgusting and gross. I ignored his calls and texts and never did that again. I spent the next 5 years or so in and out of hospitals on suicide watch, and issues with my eating disorder. Now at 25 years old, I have a college degree from a very respectable school, have a good career and basically have my life back on track. My biggest fear in the whole wide world is that this client of mine would have secretly video recorded me and it's now on the internet. Although, I did do some internet stalking on this guy using the phone number he gave me and he is a very respected professional in his industry with a family and grandchildren who he seems to dote on (from the looks on his facebook page). If anyone found out about his secret visits to brothels he would be fucked. His own children are like 5 - 10 years older than me. I can imagine his whole family would be mortified. He is asian, so I would assume in an asian culture/society this would be a very shameful thing?Now redditors, am I silly to think he would have secretly recorded our sexual tryst (if you could call it that) and put it on the internet? I've become so paranoid, and slightly obsessed that the general public would see this on the internet and the effects it would have on my career.I have even thought about calling him up (yes 7 years later) and asking him if he did secretly record me.I have literally spent days/weeks looking up pornographic websites and trying to find videos of me - have found nothing though.Yes I'm being paranoid, but do you think he would have secretly recorded me?And even to this day, I'm disgusted by what I did. Would my future partner understand me? (I plan to be honest and tell future partners everything as I figure I'd want to be with someone who can understand why I was so self destrutive) tl;dr: "Prostituted" myself once 7 years ago after being raped, paranoid client secretly recorded me and it's on the internet. Literally can not sleep thinking about it.
I've been dating my boyfriend for 5 years now. We've had ups and downs, but generally it's been great. This time last year, we went through the worst time in our relationship. Everything was going great and we were making plans for Valentines day the Friday before it was coming up. The next day (V Day), he was a different person. He wouldn't answer any calls or texts, and ignored them for the weekend. I finally went by his apartment, and he looked horrible. He didn't look like he'd showered or slept in days, and any time I came near him he shuddered and flinched. I had no idea what was going on, and I could tell my presence was hard for him, so I left. None of his friends knew of anything that had happened, and I assumed he was in a deep depression as he'd explained the stresses he was under with family and school.The next two months were hell. He said he wanted to take some time apart, but not break up. He said he didn't want to lose me, but couldn't handle the relationship. He finally agreed to go to counseling (as did I, separately) and we eventually reunited.Everything's been good since then, but last night we were having a deep discussion and that time period came up. He suddenly got very solemn and serious and said he had to tell me something. He revealed that the night before Valentines last year, he went to a party at a good friends house (I knew this). He got blackout drunk and asked the host to stay over, which he agreed to. My bf's last memory is falling asleep, and then he woke up with a girl on top of him, trying to have sex with him. He said in that moment he was having a hard time understanding how this happened and tried to say no and get her off, but passed out after failed attempts and her yelling something at him. He said the next morning, he woke up alone with all of his clothes on but his penis was out of his pants and condom-y, and there was a condom on the floor. He said that he immediately thought he'd been raped, but went through serious denial, thinking that could never happen to him. He tried to ask a few friends for details, but they were either too drunk to remember or stated that he never came out of the bedroom, but couldn't remember anyone going in. He searched for the girl online through mutual friends, but couldn't ever identify her - he just knows he didn't recognize her.Based on what he's told me now, and his subsequent reaction at the time, that sudden depressive period makes a lot more sense now. I don't want to sound like a horrible person, and I really want to believe him, but in the back of my mind am worried that he accidentally cheated while blackout drunk. I don't drink myself, but have seen the behavior of people who are beyond wasted, and could see it happening. He told me this story last night out of the blue, and I don't think he would bring it up if he was trying to hide it. He was also bawling while telling me this. Both of us have told each other that cheating is an automatic breakup, so I'm just torn on how to feel. He's told small lies in the past, but nothing this serious.Any advice or help on this matter would be really helpful, and again I am not trying to undermine what possibly happened to him-- I'm just trying to understand.tl;dr: My bf of 4.5 told me last night that he had been raped by a girl at a party last year while blackout drunk. Not sure how to feel.
I don't know where to start. I guess, throwaway for obvious reasons. I'm sorry if this is the wrong sub for this.  Some backstory: My sister and I have always been pretty close. Multiple times in our lives, we've had to move out of our homes because of money, and many times we ended up living with our grandparents. My parents are divorced, since they separated, we've mostly lived with our mom. Just around five months ago, I started living with my dad, an hour away from my sister, while she lived with our grandparents and mom. My sister was pregnant at the time, but was trying to keep it a secret. Well, once my sister had her baby, she moved in with her boyfriend and almost completely cut contact. I couldn't understand why she would leave and not talk to me, since I always thought we were close. Recently, I've tried to get closer to her and ask why she doesn't talk to me anymore. My dad and I tried talking to my sister about why she didn't talk to us anymore. We talked it out and it went pretty well, until my Dad brought up our grandpa. He asked her how she felt about him not getting to see his great grand-kid. My sister broke down crying and said she didn't want to hear about him or think about him. We asked her what was wrong, because it wasn't like her to get upset over something like that. Turns out, the last time she was living with him , (the five months ago) he tried to touch her, (and got away with a little bit) She pushed him away and told our mom, to which she told her to not tell anyone. My sister says that it is not the first time, that he has tried before. My sister, of course, doesn't want to talk about it. I couldn't understand why my mom would just try to pretend it didn't happen, so I called her. I asked why she didn't do anything about it. My mom said that my sister wasn't molested and it wasn't a big deal, that I'm trying to tear the family apart, hurt my grandma, etc. She tried to take the blame off of him by saying he has a drinking problem and cannot help it, and tried to make me feel bad, saying if I say anything to him, he'll die, because he's old and cant breathe. I don't know what to do. I have a younger sister who stays at my grandparent's house sometimes. Do I say anything to him? To be truthful, I'm angry and I want to tell him to never touch any of my sisters again. I want to tell my aunt and uncle and let them know that this man isn't who we thought he was. But then again, isn't that "tearing up the family"? I don't want to be part of a family who thinks its okay to just push this kind of thing under the rug. My sister had tried to tell my mom and grandma about him touching her years ago, which they sadly just laughed it off like it was nothing. I told my sister that she doesn't have to visit them if she doesn't want to, and that I'm always here to support her. I really need some advice, I'm sorry if this message is jumbled, I'm really at a loss right now.tl;dr: My sister was molested and my family acts like its nothing.
I went to a friends party a few weeks ago and I don't know if what I did was seen as consensual or if I was raped. This is what happenedIt was a decent sized house party and everyone was getting drunk. I know one of them went out to get a few drugs (molly, weed, god knows what else) which I turned down. There was a guy there who was related to one of my friends so I trusted him. He wasn't overly forward during the evening, didn't touch me or really flirt much. I was more concerned about a few other guys there to bother with someone who my friend vouched for and who seemed nice. I let him make my drinks so I have no idea how much booze I drank, which was stupid on my part I know. After most people left a few of us sat in the living room to talk. The guy and I sat on the couch, 4 other friends sat in arm chairs. There is where he kept touching me and I kept pulling his arms away. After a while I just stopped half the time because I gave up. He told me that my friend would said I would tell him if I didn't want anything, which I just agreed with because usually I am very vocal. I started to get really sleepy, laid down and passed out. I woke up to him having lifted my dress up to my waist and my friends were still there. They laughed and said they'd leave us to it...At this point I was so out of it. I didn't want to do anything but it was like it was expected? I honestly have no idea what I was thinking. I don't think I drank THAT much since I wasn't dizzy or nauseous, but parts of the night from the living room on are just gone. My last coherent thought was when I checked my phone to see if my boyfriend was up, but he wasn't. I can't remember who initiated after this point, but that I tried to enjoy it.  We did it on a couch with the lights on, sheer window curtains in the living room...which is far too expose for me. I would never do that and I've had very drunk sex before. I have no idea what I was thinking.I remember trying to participate and feeling separated from his body but I never said no, so what if he thought it was ok? I remember not feeling much and being numb and bored. I remember wanting him to cum so it would be over so I tried to scratch his back but I missed his back the first time. My arms felt weird and I ran them up his back and I was shocked that I forgot to scratch so I had to bring them down his back to do it again. Nothing was scary at the time, and I didn't really have an emotions or thoughts. Anyway, I said no a few times but didn't push him away. I took it back when he looked at me oddly. I can't remember if he stopped at all but I had a scary moment with a past boyfriend where I told him to stop and it took a few seconds...I don't think I'd want to say no and then have it happen anyways if that makes sense. Which I feel stupid about, because what if he thought I was ok with everything? I fake an orgasm, he moves off me and I see a way out so I push past him, put on pjays then came back to sleep. I cuddled up to him and put my head in his neck going he'll just cuddle and not try anything, which again, mixed messages much. I passed out the second my head hit the pillow. Over the evening I kept waking up to push his hands off of me. He was fingering me in my sleep but I was too tired to move. I would literally wake up for a second to shove him away. Finally I woke up to him using my hand to jerk off, and I got up for good.What I can't wrap my head around is the fact that I've had drunk sex before  (a few of them one night stands) and I've never done that. I've always been able to set boundaries, been very talkative and active and while I might have regretted my decision I've always felt like it was MY decision even while sober.I also can't understand what happened. Did he think it was consensual? Does my participation and lack of verbal no mean that I was in the wrong here? Does this mean I cheated on my boyfriend? 
Hi,I was hoping to get some outside perspective on a situation.I am planning my wedding with my SO. We have planning it together for 2 years now and it will finally happen in July. Unfortunately, there is a detail that has caused quite a bit of distension between us.My SO’s father owns a classic car. It would require quite a bit of work to get going again and be functional. Early into wedding planning, my SO mentioned that he really wanted it to be our getaway car. I told him at the time that I would prefer if it wasn’t—that specific car in particular is associated in my life before my SO to someone who treated me very negatively, raped me, and was an abuser towards me. I cut ties with them, though I still find a slight irony that my current SO’s father just happens to have the same car. I explained this at the time and my SO was understanding and dropped it.However, recently he told me he had been trying to convince his Dad to fix it up in time for the wedding and I was surprised. I told him that we had spoken of that in the past and that I had made it clear I didn’t want something extremely negative associated with my wedding day.My SO lost it. He said that he could never fix up or have the car now, which I assured him wasn’t true. I don’t care what he does with his Dad or his personal hobbies, this is just one I will not share with him—like he doesn’t like to share in my crafting. We don’t have to share all hobbies. I just do not want it on that one specific day in our lives and that’s my point of contention.Since then, my SO has announced the car will not be there but he will resent me for the rest of my life for it not being there and now for the fact ‘he can never have the car’, even though I explicitly said otherwise. I don’t think this is fair. I don’t think it is fair that my options are to choose between having something negative on my wedding day or choosing resentment for the rest of my life. I have expressed I think this is completely unfair.My SO has also decided that it will not be there on the wedding day anymore and that he will just resent me for the rest of my life. I have tried to discuss this for days and there has been no change in his perspective or the outcome of this situation and I am growing beyond frustrated. I don’t think dealing with resentment for the rest of my life is a fair or appropriate solution given the circumstances and it has made me doubt my SO as a person for his values.Am I the only one who thinks this is completely unreasonable or are my triggers getting the best of me? I would love some outside perspective.
I know this sounds silly, but I don't know if what happened to me would be considered rape or not. I am a college student and a month ago I went to this event (life in color) and got extremely drunk and my friend and I rode with some guys our friend knew because her car was full. But after the concert these guys took us to their house instead of our friends place and they gave us more alcohol and we had sex with these guys. However, I barely remember that entire night and I would never have sex with someone I just met. I never said no or resisted but after the fact I wished it didn't happen. For the past month I've felt extremely depressed and I just feel worthless, like one of the things I valued most about myself was taken away. But is that rape? I just feel like it was my fault too because I was so drunk and I didn't say no or resist but I never wanted that to happen. Thanks in advance.
When I was 14 I was raped twice by a guy who was 17, and ever since then I've suspected he was a serial rapist. He bragged to me one girl (of around the same age) who he'd forced into various sexual activity (oral rape for sure and maybe other things I've forgotten), and also told me about a girl who lived in the same building who he'd attempted to rape but she fought him off. He claimed to have kept trophies from successful conquests (I even gave him one, which still makes me angry). He also told me he watched child porn and described to me at least one thing he'd seen.I didn't even believe I'd been raped, so I never prosecuted (although I did write a police report 4 years after being raped) – I have mixed feelings about the justice & prison system anyway. I've found him on Twitter (he's always been very internet privacy-saavy and has virtually no public profiles, probably because of his gross sex crime habits), and he seems to be living free. No indication that he's ever been caught/outed as a rapist in any community he's lived in.Like I said, I have really mixed feelings about the US justice system/prison (especially since the guy who raped me was in juvenile detention and it may actually have caused some of the problems that led him to rape). But I also can't shake the feeling of wanting to know for sure if he is a serial rapist, if there are other survivors he raped. I wish I could find out but I can't publicly post his name without it being libel (and he has a very distinctive name so he could also discover any posting like that and easily trace it back to me). I don't know what I want out of this. Maybe I just have to live with feeling helpless to stop him hurting other people. I think about this all the time – I really want to know. It's haunting me.Has anyone else ever had these thoughts or been through anything like this? Have you ever tried to find out information about your rapist or tried to find other survivors if you believe they're out there? Does anyone else feel like the fact that their rapist is free in the world bothers them because they believe that this person will go on to rape more people – maybe many many people?
I posted this over in /r/relationships, but it got removed because I guess content related to sexual-assault topics is not allowed.My SO and I have been dating since the beginning of college (we're seniors in college now). We live together and attend the same university. Anyways. Last night he came home from the bars pretty cross-faded, I was in bed because I had an exam last night and another exam today. We're both pretty into rough sex, especially while drunk–always consensual though. So when he came to bed, I knew he'd want to have sex before going to sleep, and although I was tired I was up for it.The sex was pretty rough, which is usual. However, he said some things I have never heard him say before. He called me his slut/whore/etc. I wasn't really offended at all, actually kind of turned me on. He said he wanted to do anal (we do it occasionally). I'm not really into it, but I like that it turns him on. At first he was very gentle, but after a few minutes he started humping. Hard. I screamed out "ow" a few times, and pushed him away. But he kept going for probably ~30 seconds longer and came. He instantly realized what happened and kept saying sorry in his drunken/high state. I cleaned up and just wanted to go to sleep.So I'm not sure what to think. I never said no, but I think my "ow" indicated how I felt. My SO has always been respectful and loving towards me, so I'm thinking that it was a result of him being intoxicated? I love him very much and I don't want him to feel bad. This morning when I left he was very distraught... I just don't know.
throwaway, first post AND I'm on mobile so sorry for any mistakes.I don't even know how to begin. As some short background and probably relevant to the post; when I was a child I was sexually abused by a family friend with the aid of my mother. Also from age 13-18 I was in an abusive relationship with a guy that used to wake me up in the middle of the night and force me to perform oral on him. Obviously this has left me with issues and I'm trying to work on myself everyday.Fast forward to more recent times and I am engaged to someone that I love more than I thought possible. Our relationship is mostly and easy one, we tend to be open and quick to discuss any issues we have if and when they arise.Our sex life recently is suffering due to my depression and chronic pain causing me to just never feel like it, but I try the best I can to accommodate him when he is in the mood.I suffer from chronic insomnia and tend to just take sleep whenever I can get it since I have the luxury to do that right now as I am not working due to other health issues. Usually if I am asleep and he is in the mood he will wake me up to see if I want to do anything. I honestly do not mind this and if I say no he will usually let me be.Last night he was up extremely late playing video games while I managed to get some sleep. About an hour ago I wake up to him standing over me masturbating. I was extremely tired and turned away, hoping that would be enough, knowing what was likely about to happen. Please understand I was so tired I couldn't even find the energy to speak let alone push him away. Next thing I know he has came across my head and my pillow.I snap awake instantly and freeze. My stomach feels like it's just dropped out my butt and I must have let out a squeak/yelp when he did it. I feel terrible and when he leans in to say or do whatever else I manage to ask him to go away.I think at this point he realises I'm upset and he keeps apologising but I don't know what to say. I don't know what to feel. He's currently moved to the sofa while I am still laying in bed unsure what to do.Am I right to feel bad over this or am I overreacting? I don't want to upset him or cause problems but I feel awfultl;dr: Fiancé purposely came on me whilst I was asleep/half woken by his sudden appearance on my side of the bed. Feeling humiliated
About a month ago a friend and I went out for a couple drinks at a local bar in our small town. We know the bartenders and see them usually on the weekends. We ordered a drink, the bartender gave us ladies night discount even though it was already over and she also gave us a free shot (100 proof shot). After our shot we went to play a game of darts. About an hour passed we got one more drink and my friend decided to walk home and I stayed to hang out with the bartenders. I was definitely feeling the alcohol at this point and wasn't planning on drinking much more. The bartenders then bought me a couple more shots and things start to get blurry after that. I remember bar close and having to go outside where I apparently got in a fight with some dude because he wouldn't leave me alone and his sister was on her way to fight me so the bartenders let me back in. While inside I called a different friend who was on her way home from vacation, she was only like 40 minutes away so my plan was to walk to her house and by the time I got there she would have been home and I could sleep. The last thing I remember is putting a bar stool up on the table and then the bartenders thanked me for helping them close by pouring me some more shots. The next morning I don't remember waking up. The first thing I remember is standing in a messy apartment with no clothing on freaking out about where I was and if I was still in the town that I lived in and who this dude was. I found my clothes, out them back on and walked out of the door. To my surprise I was in the apartment building that my friend lives in that I was suppose to be meeting the night before. I walked downstairs to her apartment and her roommate let me in. I walked to her room and woke her up. She explained to me that I called her a second time later that night when she was only like 10 minutes away. On the phone I was crying. I told her I need you, where are you, come get me and I told her I was at her apartment building. Her and her boyfriend looked for me around town for a couple hours and when they couldn't find me they tried to report me missing but since I'm 22 the cops said they could not do anything about it. So back to this guy I was with. I didn't know his name or anything, my wallet was gone so I went to the police station to see if anyone found it and explained to the officer what happened and he said he would go with me to this guys apartment to look for it. While there the officer knocked on the door for a good 15 minutes before he answered. Then when he did he seemed very nervous but told the officer that I wasn't very intoxicated and the sex was consensual. I should also add that I had my period at this time and I was so drunk that I peed on this guys floor(the cops also knew this) This is where things get messed up. I thought that I walked to this apartment building but one of the bartenders from that night actually drove me there. When my friend wasn't there she brought me up to her friends apartment which  was the guy I woke up with. She said that I started kissing him and was like okay and left. The next day when I told the cops I wanted them to investigate and I went to the hospital for the exam and everything the bartender who brought me thee called the friend I was drinking with that night. The bartender was calling me a liar and said that I was ruining this guys life on purpose. Then said that she was going to kick my ass for going to the cops when it was my fault. But earlier in the day when she talked to this same friend said that she poured me ten shots(I know for sure I didn't pay for them. Only spent 15, shots are 3.50 each) and I was definitely feeling it when we got to the apartment. When they took my bac at the hospital at 2:07 pm almost 12 hours after bar close I was still at a .125. The police question the guy and the bartender but later told me that he was very cooperative and seemed like a nice guy. And then asked if I still wanted them to investigate a sexual assault. I said no cause everyone thought I was lying. I would just like to know that I'm not crazy and what they did to me was wrong, and if it really is sexual assault, which I still think is. because apparently the only people that I know of that think its wrong is my friends and I. The police just think I regretted it like everyone else. (They didn't tell me that but it was obvious by there questions) I've regretted many things but this feeling is way different and just won't go away.Also me going home with someone never happens because of a previous incident from a few years ago that made me terrified of men. I won't get into detail on that, but it brought back many emotions from before on top of new ones and I feel like I'm going crazy. 
Just wondering what others experience is. It happened to me 10 months ago (still cant write the R word) and I find that I cry after sex, or after orgasm even when I am alone. I don't cry every time but the feeling is nearly always there to some extent. It doesn't feel like I have been triggered as such, as in, it's not a bad feeling exactly. It's an overwhelming urge to sob and once I finish I am pretty normal after. I start crying, then I get frustrated because I am crying which makes it worse, and I get more upset because I know why I am crying. And I am crying because I am happy I enjoy sex still but then I get upset because I wonder whether I will always cry after sex. I'd call it a vicious circle but it's more like vicious brain spaghetti!Who cries? And does it ever stop happening?Thanks Reddit. This is my first ever post on here. Hello :)
On the mobile so there's bound to be mistakes.**I'm dealing with what happened one day at a time by going to therapy and I've already talked to police, this is more of how to get my boyfriend to stop beating himself up about it.**BACKGROUND-My female roommate moved out about two month ago. I asked my boyfriend (6 months) if he wanted to move in since he was about to move and was still up in the air about what area he wanted to live in. He ended up staying with his original plan and moving in with his roommate instead of me. It caused a little argument because his roommate is a girl who has been very negative about out relationship and the time he spends with me. I felt he was choosing her feelings (staying as to not make her sad and causing her to resent him). After a while I cooled down and he realized that he may have made the wrong decision for the wrong reason. I didn't push for him to move in because I didn't want to feel like I guilted him into it.I still needed a roommate so my old roommate suggested a guy she met from uni. I did a quick interview with him and he seemed normal enough so I let him move in. I've lived with males before so this wasnt a big deal and my boyfriend was okay with it. Well two weeks ago, in the middle of the night, he broke into my room and raped me. I was fast asleep and woke up to him on top of me. I'm fairly small and was very scared so I didn't fight. I waited until he left my room, called 911 and the cops came over. Turns out he has BPD and has been off his meds. I did a rape kit, pressed charges, and got myself into therapy. The first week was rocky but it's slowly getting better.My boyfriend ever since that night has been in an awful state. He believes that all of this was his fault because he should have moved in with me. I'm trying my best to comfort him but he says that he's let me down and that he doesn't want me around him since he can't protect me or make the correct choices to protect me. I've suggested therapy but I don't think he's listening. Is there anything I can do to help him realize this isn't his fault?**tl;dr:** Bf didn't want to move in, got a new male roommate who was off his BPD medicine, new roommate raped me and now my Bf blames himself because he didn't move in. How do I help him get rid of this guilt?
On the mobile so there's bound to be mistakes.**I'm dealing with what happened one day at a time by going to therapy and I've already talked to police, this is more of how to get my boyfriend to stop beating himself up about it.**BACKGROUND-My female roommate moved out about two month ago. I asked my boyfriend (6 months) if he wanted to move in since he was about to move and was still up in the air about what area he wanted to live in. He ended up staying with his original plan and moving in with his roommate instead of me. It caused a little argument because his roommate is a girl who has been very negative about out relationship and the time he spends with me. I felt he was choosing her feelings (staying as to not make her sad and causing her to resent him). After a while I cooled down and he realized that he may have made the wrong decision for the wrong reason. I didn't push for him to move in because I didn't want to feel like I guilted him into it.I still needed a roommate so my old roommate suggested a guy she met from uni. I did a quick interview with him and he seemed normal enough so I let him move in. I've lived with males before so this wasnt a big deal and my boyfriend was okay with it. Well two weeks ago, in the middle of the night, he broke into my room and raped me. I was fast asleep and woke up to him on top of me. I'm fairly small and was very scared so I didn't fight. I waited until he left my room, called 911 and the cops came over. Turns out he has BPD and has been off his meds. I did a rape kit, pressed charges, and got myself into therapy. The first week was rocky but it's slowly getting better.My boyfriend ever since that night has been in an awful state. He believes that all of this was his fault because he should have moved in with me. I'm trying my best to comfort him but he says that he's let me down and that he doesn't want me around him since he can't protect me or make the correct choices to protect me. I've suggested therapy but I don't think he's listening. Is there anything I can do to help him realize this isn't his fault?*tl;dr**: Bf didn't want to move in, got a new male roommate who was off his BPD medicine, new roommate raped me and now my Bf blames himself because he didn't move in. How do I help him get rid of this guilt?
So I've been talking to this girl for a really short time and we fell in love pretty hard and pretty fast. She told me she was raped by someone we both know and a stranger that was with him. She was walking around at night because she got in a fight with a friend and they offered her a place to stay for the night and they raped her when she declined sex. The guy who did it lives down the road from me and I don't know the other person. It's bothering me so much I don't even think I can stay with her I keep seeing it in my head and thinking about people seeing my gf like that is fucking haunting me I haven't been able to sleep or eat. It's really fucking with me that I know the person and they live down the road from me too and I have a really strong urge to confront them and fight over it. I've never been sick to my stomach like this and I can't close my eyes without thinking about it and I keep thinking about them seeing her naked and violating her and I'm assuming that after it happened she had nowhere to go and just hung out with them until the next day and it probably fucked with her. I don't know how to talk about it I don't know what to do I just wish I could forget all this. It's fucking with me in another way in that I feel like if I ever date again I'm going to have to worry about a girl being raped and I'm worried about her getting raped again. A girl I'm in love with being raped is like my biggest fear ever and now it's like the worst thing already happened and I don't know how to deal with it.
I hate even admitting it, even calling it sexual abuse hurts. I respect all victims and always say they shouldn't feel guilty but fuck, I feel disgusting and violated. When I was about 6, my babysitter was dating my brother. She was a psycho. She used to bathe me, and always focused on cleaning my genitals and butt. Whenever I got uncomfortable or nervous she'd hit me, verbally abuse me, or both. She did this multiple times to me, always bathing me whenever she babysat. Whenever I got out of the bath for the next 4 years of my life I ALWAYS insisted on getting my towel, squatting down, and covering myself with it like a shawl just to hide myself.I don't know what to do anymore. These past 2 weeks I quit pot, and I've been extremely suicidal and these revelations only serve to further my thoughts. The memories came back when, while on a walk with my dog, I came face to face with her closer than I had ever been and she said Hi how are you. she's a stalker and so when we moved she moved to follow us. so seeing her made me lose it.When I told my dad he took it upon himself for not noticing the signs earlier, poor guy. My mom, however, alleged that she was insane and had hurt us ALL, I don't know if that was to make me feel better or make me stop worrying and realize that everyone had suffered so my case wasn't unique.I have absolutely nowhere to turn other than my girlfriend, another survivor like me. For the first 6 months of this relationship and even now, and in other sexual situations, I have major anxiety. I can't get comfortable receiving any pleasure from a partner and I'm also worried it's killing the relationship. Please help me guys what can I do.
I know someone still struggling with the concept of blame, even though they were raped by a stranger (I know other victims shouldn't feel blame either, but this one seems even more clear than usual). Technically she would say she knows things like walking at night, etc aren't reasons to blame herself...but she can't seem to figure out why she still feels blame and guilt. I just really want to understand it -- for those familiar, what other reasons can sometimes be there for this? I'm not looking just for her, but wanting to just learn more about what goes on psychologically behind this in general. 
I was sexually assaulted one month ago and am still having panic attacks, melt downs, etc. I was wondering when other victims stopped having so many panic attacks and such. I just want to hear other peoples time line. I have panic attacks about once a day and a full meltdown maybe once a week. 
Hi everyone,I am 19/M and my gf is 18/F we both attend universities about an hour away from each other and we mostly see each other on the weekends and breaks when we can, as well when we’re back in our home town. We’re both freshmen and started dating late junior year in high school. Anyway, after about 6 months of dating her and pursuing to be her boyfriend she cried to me while we were having sex once that she had been raped in the past and then hit by the dude afterward.Before me she was very into drugs mainly xanax and alcohol and would hang around shitty dudes that would just treat her like shit. It took her about 4 months to come to fruition that she was raped because before she believed men could do whatever they want. Once we started dating she told me I was like that one nice guy in her life that treated her like a human being.Well, fast forward to 2 years later, she does drugs significantly less (but her taking xanax has been a problem through out the whole relationship) and so far this school year we were doing so well until recently. It started after Valentine’s day weekend because I guess I did not give her a perfect weekend like she expected. I felt bad afterward and apologized. But, since then she has hardly spoken with me and when she did she told me all that was going on. She cried to me on the phone that she thinks about the rape everyday and as well that she is not doing so well in one of her classes.She definitely does have a lot going on right now and I have tried to be there every step of the way. However, for some reason she keeps pushing me away and calling for a break. She’s been saying things like that she makes me mad at her everyday or that she makes me hate her. I always object to these claims and tell her that I love her and want the best for her but it just doesn’t get through to her. Her and I have been bickering so much as well.I try to talk to her constantly and comfort but I know she can only really help herself.. but I still try and try to make her feel better but she keeps pushing me away. I have felt so unwanted and I have done everything to not make this about me but I just don’t understand why she’s pushing me away. She’ll ignore my texts but post stuff on snapchat with her immediate school friends who really don’t know about her or really care genuinely about her. Also, she started taking xanax more again to help her out but in all honestly i think it just makes her flashbacks and problems worse. Two days ago, I confronted her about her ignoring me and told her how it’s rude of her to ignore me and that just a simple bye would suffice to make sure she is okay. From that, we got into a heated argument and she told me straight out that I am not help to her but she appreciates that I try. I just don’t get it. I have done nothing to hurt her or anything to anger her.I do not get why she is pushing me away. I am the only person who knows everything about her and has had her back through everything. In the end of the discussion she told me to leave her alone for awhile and I have honored that request but this is just not a healthy relationship and I don’t know what to do. I am pretty worried about her and depressed that she doesn’t want me around. I am not sure whether to break things off or to try more. I always make her my priority and think about her in every choice i do. I love her so much but things seems to be falling apart.
I finally started seeing a therapist. Last week was my fourth time seeing her and for once, I felt like I trusted someone. I have a hard time talking about what happened, but I wrote it out and read it to her. It was the hardest thing I've ever done and now that it's out, I'm terrified. I'm having panic attacks, nightmares, bad coping skills, I don't want to go back this week. I just.. I feel worse? I guess I'm  wondering if this is normal? 
Okay, so I met this guy on OkCupid and we were talking and it was basically all sexual, and I wasn't at all uncomfortable with it at the time, so we decided to meet up because he was from out of town. I am 21, he was 32. We meet at his hotel and I tell him beforehand I dont want to be pressured into anything sexual before meeting up and he said that was fine so were hanging out and talking and watching tv and then he starts kissing me and I got very uncomfrtoable and told him to stop he did for a bit but then kept trying and was messing with my boobs after I moved his head away from that area then he started kissing me again and i was more comfortable with kissing him so I kissed him back and he started to whisper things like "good girl" and "oh yeah daddy likes that" which then made me very uncomfrtable again then he moved down and started to go down on me and i let that happen even though i didnt say stop i wasnt very comfortable with it then he took off my pants and i asked if he had a condom because duh and he said no so i said i had one in my purse and to let me go get it and he basically ignored me he then started kissing me again and i told him to stop because i didnt want to do anything without a condom he then told me "god i want to slap you right now" because i kept telling him no and to stop then he flipped me over (i am very small and weak and he was very muscular so there wasnt much of a fight) and he penetrated me from behind and i told him to stop because it hurt but he kept going eventually he finished and i left as soon as he was done i didnt tell anyone and afterwards i met up with a friend to watch a movie i didnt tell him i was with someone prier we watched a movie and ended up making out and hooking up afterwards. that was consensual. the other wasnt. and now i feel like a dumb slut.I dont even know his name, I have a picture of his face he emailed to me. I also found out he was married afterwards. I don't know what to do.
Sorry if it isn't the right sub and also for any spelling/grammar mistakes, english is not my first language.A few things about me: I started dealing with depression, suicidal thoughts, inability to control my emotions and impulsive behaviour since I was 15 years old. Last year I finally decided to see a doctor, who diagnosed me with Borderline Personality Disorder and prescribed me some meds. However, when she asked me if I had any traumatic experiences as a child, I told her that I had an amazing childhood and I only have lovely memories of that time. Now, onto my sexuality. For as long as I can remember I have been repulsed and afraid of men, especially older ones. I have always had an irrational fear of male doctors, didn't want older men to sit near me on the bus and my biggest fear is being raped. The weird thing is that I've had rape fantasies for as long as I can remember and I am disgusted by it. A few days ago I remembered something that I had completely forgotten; when I was 5/6 years old, I was extremely afraid of a family friend. I told my parents that he looked at my boobs and touched me inappropriately but of course they didn't believe me and laughed it off ("sweety, you're 5, you don't even have boobs"). Whenever I was near him I felt sick to my stomach and I covered myself as much as possible. Since then I've had this weird naseous feeling everytime I'm near an older man. We haven't seen him since he broke up with our family friend. To make sure I hadn'd made it up in my mind, I jokingly asked my mother if she remembered when I was convinced that our friend's boyfriend touched me and she started laughing and said that yes, she remembered, and that she wondered what was going on in my mind at that age. I laughed it off with her and asked her if she knew what he was doing in his life right now and she told me that he is working, recently had a niece and he is always playing with her ("what a caring uncle! He's always been such a good guy!" my mother's words), which was a huge red flag to me. So the question is, what should I do? Should I tell my therapist/doctor that I have the feeling I might have been molested as a child? Should I tell my parents even though they would probably brush it off? I'm lost and I don't know what I should do! Sorry for the wall of text and thanks for bearing with me
I had this babysitter when I was little, a neighbor and the older sister of a girl I knew in school. Once, when I was six or so, she brought this white thing that sort of looked like an iron with her.She had me lie down on the couch, told me to press the flat red part between my legs, plugged it in, and turned it on.The vibration startled me. I move the thing away. She had me put it back against my privates and showed me how to breathe so it would bother me less. She told me not to move and left for a few minutes.I remember the sensation almost burned, and it pushed my jeans into me in an uncomfortable way. And yet, there was this thrill I couldn't recognize, could barely tell was there. It slowly intensified, and I kept the vibrating thing there out of curiosity.I started masturbating a few years later, and that's when I recognized the thrill.I never told anyone. I have a healthy relationship with sex and with my body. I don't feel traumatized. It makes me wonder whether what happened to me was such a big deal, and then I'm disturbed because I wonder whether I'm belittling it. It shouldn't have happened, but I know people who have been through so much worse. I wish I knew whether I had the right to be angry - or not angry - about what happened to me.
I hope this is an appropriate place to post this. Before I met her, my girlfriend was attacked by someone whom she'd previously slept with once or twice. They were hanging out at his house alone, he got her stoned, and, after she expressed her lack of a desire to engage physically with him, he beat her up, suppressed her tearful screams, put a gun to her head and threatened to end her, and entered her multiple times. She was a 4'11 100 lb 15 year old and he was a 220 lb 6'3 19 year old. I think about it every single day. She can't talk about it, so I try not to bring it up. It's been several years, so it's far too late for her to get a case against him. But I crave revenge. I know where he works, and I fantasize endlessly about waiting for him outside before breaking his ankles and ruining his crotch. I don't know what to do. I can't stand the thought of some Neanderthal hurting the love of my life like this, and I don't know how to get over it. 
The incident happened when I was 11 years old (I’m now 25 and married). I’d say this was one of the most traumatic experiences I’ve ever had. My dad had to undergo a minor surgery and had to stay at the hospital for a few days; I’m a daddy’s girl so naturally, I volunteered to accompany him during his stay at the hospital. I was homeschooled then, so it’s easy to continue my school work at the hospital. So my mom, dad and I went to the hospital to get him ready for the surgery. While the parents were filling up paperwork,  I was sitting in the visitor’s lounge playing Snake on my dad’s Nokia 3310 (lol). They finally gave us a room and a male nurse came up to help us bring our stuff in. My mom and dad stayed at the nurses’ station for more paperwork but I went with the nurse because I’m excited (for 11 year old me, I felt like I was staying at a hotel)Once in the room, he introduced himself as “Roger”, pointing to the name printed on his scrubs (which we later found out to be fake). He must be in his 20s. And this is where it goes fucking downhill. He makes small talk which I really didn’t mind but it was just the two of us in the room and it made my alarms go off. I turned to go back to my parents when he sort of hugs me from behind and proceeded to fondle my almost non-existent breast. I was 11, naïve and fucking frozen in fear. After what seemed to be forever (but maybe it’s just a couple of minutes), he released me and went back to fixing my dad’s bed. He also asked if I was going to stay the night. I just gave him a nod.My mom comes in that same moment looking for me and he left.I was just completely out of it. I was staring into space. After an hour or so, my dad was settled in.  I remember my mom was about to leave; that’s when I started crying and spilled everything. Despite of my dad being sick and all, I’ve never seen him move so fast. He was out the door before I was done talking. He even forgot his shoes. Damn nurse was fired and his license revoked.For the longest time, I was afraid of hospitals and nurses. I really went out of my way just to avoid them. 
Ok, first of all I am on my phone and I profusely apologize for any spelling or layout mistakes. Second of all English is my fourth language so if I fuck up I am sorry. Also this is going to be a lot of text. A lot of backstory. And bad humor, because that's how I cope. I have always behaved "weirdly" and strike a lot of people as odd. Through kindergarten and primary I would often touch myself (I know. Looking back on it - red flag) or get undressed - or even ask other children to undress. I've never thought about it tho, I just wrote it off as me being a toddler, me being stupid. Freud would have a field day analyzing me. Kids in school never liked me. I was frail, shy and smart; the deadly combination. I remember being bullied - which didn't get better when going to middle school, which was a class with complete strangers. It only got worse and worse. By the time I was 11, I was on antidepressants and in therapy. Going into adulthood, well, it was one bumpy ride. No pun intended. I lost my virginity at 14, and displayed what I would call.. Reckless sexual behavior. I cheated, had a lot of sex, some unprotected, etc. now, it might be because of this, maybe I gave off this "being easy" vibe. But I got into dire situations a lot. A lot lot. My best friend tried to rape me, one of my exes tried to - which ended in me running down a street barefoot in the winter, crying and screaming for help as I had bit myself free as he tried to force himself upon me. And the crowning, an ex boyfriend - whom I had told I wanted to wait - raped me in my sleep. I basically woke up to him flopping around on top of me.  I retained control tho, my love life was still turbulent but started to calm down. But life is a Bitch and it just couldn't give me a rest - I was diagnosed with epilepsy and morbus Crohn which forced me to stop school. But being unable to rest on my ass all day I decided to go into voluntary work. I choose a kindergarten. Now, I am a diagnosed OCD..person, and I suffer a lot from intrusive thoughts. And the worst intrusive thought I had was me assaulting kids. I had to change diapers and wipe bottoms, and my mind would come up with the most disgusting, disgusting stuff. And somehow I think this is when a memory came back to me. It is difficult for me to pinpoint it, if you'd sat me down in a chair and asked me for how long I remember i would say I've always had this memory. But I'm pretty sure I didn't because it messed with me big time. When I was in kindergarten the aforementioned bullying started, it wasn't violent in any ways. Kids would team up and just exclude me, call me names and be mean.  But I remember one time they wanted to play a game. In this scenario, "they" range from 5 (about my age) to 14 (it was a very small school. Kindergarten + elementary + first two years of middle. 120 students tops). Just thinking about it makes me cringe, the fact elder pupils were okay with making fun of a 4 year old. Anyway the game was playing doctor. I was the patient and I had to undress from the waist down, while they inserted the thermometer into me, as well as - well, you know these play kitchens? With the plastic vegetables? Yeah, connect the dots. Now, I don't know if this memory is real. I know the theory that memories are feelings, that your brain connects with corresponding images, so what I remember may not be the exact correct scenario, but something happened. I can't remember who started, I can grasp, and my mind tells me there's more. And something with a bathroom. It's very weird to explain this grasp-not-really-a-memory. However this all wore me down. I had flashbacks, the memory haunted me, work was hell. I drank a bottle of wine and tried to slit my wrists.Woke up in a mental hospital.Now, times still weren't easy but I was getting help, and I was finally being properly diagnosed. Borderline, OCD, anxiety, PTSD, Hypersexuality. And after I got out I fucked my way through town, did some horrible shit, had the worst and most mentally straining relationship ever and basically destroyed myself. I am now 20 years old, and I moved to a different country. And I am afraid. Very afraid. This thing, it seems to follow me. What happened still affects me today. It is the root of disorders that won't budge, and the cause of behavioral patterns I can only influence so much. And this seagull-effect (it is, in the country I grew up a major piler of behavioral psychology. A seagull in an oil spill behaves and looks different, other seagulls pick it to death. Humans can sense someone had a traumatic incident, notice the on edge cautiousness, it causes them to be hurtful. Tell a man he's a duck and he might quack etc.) is making me a victim too often. I don't want to end up in that place again. I don't want to be an underdog any more.  Is there anything I can do to stop ... Being the victim. To stop boys from thinking they can go on, to stop myself from terrorizing relationships out of fear. I am sorry for the immense text. This has been a vent, and a little cry for help. I moved countries, almost 2000 km to lose the past; I don't want it to catch up.EDIT: some things might be confusing, so to give you an overview: - was likely raped (can you say that? ) as a child by other children. -memory resurfaced during work in kindergarten -it explains too much behavior (always getting picked on, repeated assaults, clingy, terrified of abandonment, people generally do not like me - they say something is off, I seem too hyper, too nice, my mood is too unstable, I talk too much trust too quickly lie a lot. People turn against me without no reason. They will also automatically "team up" against me. ) and it is killing me. -moved to different country and I am afraid I will also have no friends here, my relationships will be destroyed by sex again and I will never ft a start over.
It's been a while, thought i was over it......it's getting to me today though.
It was about six months ago where I was raped by someone on the same course as me in the same accommodation. At the time, I laughed it off as bad sex until after disclosing what happened to a friend; they demanded that I report it to the police. I decided not to despite evident bruising and trauma as I knew nobody would believe that an obese woman could get raped by an "objectively good-looking man". All made the more worse by the fact the night started consensually (admittedly it was a bit coerced e.g. I only wanted to perform one sexual act, he demanded more) until he turned violent and pinned me down. It's mainly upsetting because of my self-esteem being in the toilet that I responded the way I did, I let him get on with it as he ignored my pain and did what he asked rather than run out naked into our accommodation.I first told my friends that it was a weird one night stand until I revealed a week later that I had repeatedly said no. I told my mother over the phone that I was a victim of sexual violence and that I repeatedly said no in the encounter. She only told my brother that I was a victim of sexual violence and not the fact that I got 'raped'.Now, neither my mother and brother had done, bluntly, shit, to show their support. I show up at Christmas, obviously depressed and all they lecture me about is how fat I am. My brother has been diagnosed with Bipolar I, like my mother and doctors have suggested he also has NPD. The entire holiday period was about how much his life sucked as his career isn't taking off as a 24 year old man. I snapped after every single conversation during the holiday was about him and I said I don't whine everyday about getting raped.He said that I was making it up as I didn't tell him straight away I was raped and it was my fault for having an initially sort-of consensual one night stand with an acquaintance (I actually knew him pretty well). My mum sat there and did nothing. If it adds anything, my brother used to physically assault me and verbally abuse me as a teenager to the point social services got involved. Mum did nothing but drink and not take her psych meds then as well.My mum had an abusive marriage with my late father and told me a tale when he sexually assaulted her. The inference I received is that it's something that women have to put up with like a mild biological inconvenience like peeing sat down. "Oh sweetheart, all women have to deal with this," as if it's totally acceptable.It's all been triggered back up recently as one of my best friends has disclosed that they've been raped too and unlike me she reported it. She's suffering really badly from mental health problems following it unlike me atm. But I'm just horrified that she has a wonderful supportive family and meanwhile mine seem to think I deserve it and tell me to "get some self-respect and stop having one night stands and lose weight" as if that would have stopped him from pinning me down. I don't even bring it up when I need to talk to someone because I know they're going to say some truly offensive and victim-blaming stuff to me.Is there anyway to deal with unsupportive or backwards thinking relatives without losing your rag?P.S: I'm completely new to reddit so I might be a complete newbie to formatting or etiquette. 
This is a rarely used alt account that I use when I am worried or troubled. I hope it's okay to post this here.I recently moved to a small town with my husband and we are making new friends here. One of our new friends is a very outgoing guy who does a lot of things to support the community and is well known in the area. He's a little scattered and sometimes does thoughtless things, but is essentially a good guy with a good heart. Yesterday I was disturbed to see he Facebook posted a not very funny picture joke about being raped by Bill Cosby. It's a blurry picture of BC that says "If you see this, it's too late". I found it super disturbing and I also worry about repercussions for him because he works with children. I don't think he's a rapey kind of guy, just misguided in this case. What's a good way to explain to him that rape jokes aren't funny and just perpetuate normalizing rape in our culture? I don't want to ignore it but I also don't want to turn it into a huge deal. I just want to open a dialogue.
Posting from my throwaway (which has other similar posts on this general matter) for reasons.Turns out I've spent my whole life feeling / thinking a certain way about sex, and thinking I had certain 'duties' to perform.One night, I woke up to being penetrated by a man I was having a casual fling with.... I reacted and he said 'oh you were moving in a certain way so I assumed you wanted it.'So my warped little brain went 'oh well I was asleep but I must have been, I guess, and it's not fair to make him stop now, its my job to be here for him...'  Etc.  So I let him finish.Don't need support, already seeing a counsellor... But it's amazing how different things are when you are challenged to see the world of sex differently.(I appreciate this isn't as traumatic as others experiences and I by no means want to belittle anyone else... I really just wanted to 'vocalise' my realisation).
To begin with, I am getting help. I've realized that my personal issues have come to the point where I need to see a therapist. I don't want to burden anyone with my paranoia and anger.The situation begins with a guy I was seeing in October. We had a few couple hookups and we shared personal photos with each other. It was hot, it was casual, it was futureless. In November, things dried up with that hookup as I spoke more and more with his friend, Brandon. I found him to be a sweet guy, and I forged a real friendship with him, and I spoke less and less with previously mentioned hookup. What Brandon and I had was /not/ sexual. Brandon was there for me through a few tough times. (I had to change my job in December because my boss was harrassing me, and then, I was mugged on New Years Eve by two kids with a knife.) I confided a lot in Brandon, he confided a lot in me. We supported each other emotionally. But, after I was mugged, I felt as though I've developed some sort of PTSD, and this is what I plan to go to therapy for. Getting mugged made me lose my trust in people. I felt as though everyone was fake, and only act nice. I felt everyone would would your throat if there was a profit.When I realized, through my newfound mistrust of humanity, that my personal photos might have been leaked, I began to flip out and delete a lot of people from my phone and social networking. I've been remembering certain details in a new light: one of my hookup's other friends randomly sexting me even though he has a girlfriend, my hookup's other friends messaging me that Brandon wants to fuck me, peripheral guys commenting that a lot of people would kill to have my body, etc. I've just been overwhelmed with the nightmare that everyone with any connection to my hookup in October has a copy of me naked on their phones...A week after I deleted him, he texted me to ask me why. I cried, I felt so guilty, but my paranoia drove me on to say, "I just feel like it would be easier for me to reset my friends." He said he hoped I'd feel better. I said "I doubt it, and I hate that I doubt it." We haven't spoken since. Three weeks have passed, and I've mainly been focusing on working on myself and my fears. It's hard because I can't escape everyone related to my hookup. I work with friends of his friends. Last year, the guys I work with spread another girl's personal photos around, so I know they are morally capable of it.I was trooping along, trying to get a grip on myself and my emotions, when I stumbled across a post in /r/ptsd. It was a story about a guy whose crush lashed out at him for triggering her, and commentors spoke about how people with ptsd need to assume responsibility for their personal issues. I REALLY don't want to hurt my friends, or anyone, but I'm just so afraid and embarrassed.I don't even know if my hookup leaked my photos, or if he just told a hot story to his friends. I don't know for sure if Brandon has seen the photos and betrayed me by not telling me they were going around, or if this is all just a delusion. If I should reconnect, I need to talk to him, but I don't know what exact words I should use :( It's all so embarrassing.**tl;dr:** Due to my own personal issues,insecurities, and stupidities, I cut out a friend who I had no direct reason to cut out. I cut him out because he was the friend of a guy who I was seeing who I suspect has leaked my personal photos. I deleted everyone related to that guy to try and put the experience behind me, including this friend of mine. Now that I'm realizing I might be delusional, I don't know how to approach my old friend, or if I even should. I don't know what to say to him, because I'm embarrassed and afraid that he's fake.
I originally wrote this thinking it was best suited in /r/relationships. It was deleted and this sub was recommended instead. I didn't know about this sub at the time so if some of my post goes a bit off topic, I am sorry. Anyway on to the subject. I'll try and be direct as possible. I'm a 28 male and I have a seemingly endless list of problems both internally and externally (I know, join the club right?). I don't really know where to begin...Pretty much since as long as I can remember I've been incredibly anxious and easily upset. When I was a child I'd cry pretty much constantly at the smallest thing, I'd hide if I had to meet or to someone new, I'd go from the happiest child to inconsolable within seconds. That is somewhat true even now.Well I think that's true anyway. There are so many holes in my childhood memories. I don't remember any of the happy things we all had as a family, I only remember feeling sad, feeling alone, feeling anxious. I have a very vivid memory of being around 10 and watching Austin Powers repeatedly on VHS, remember the scene with the steamroller? The henchman dies comically and it cuts to a super melodramatic scene with a child who is told his stepdad dies. I remember being so mad at that kid, I'd shout at the screen "at least you have something! You have a reason! I'm crying and I don't know why!".I have always had...problems with my anus. God I cringe at saying this but I to this day have problems with poo...staying in. I'll wipe and wipe and wipe until it bleeds. Then 30 minutes later I feel as if I'm...leaking. I've had to back out of social events when I was young (try explaining that to your parents) literally for that reason, I was so sore down there I couldn't compete in whatever physical activity it was at the time. I still do to this day, though not quite as severe. It's only recently I've begun to realise how not normal that is.I live in the same city as my parents and my sister, they're all quite close and see each other a few times a week. I speak to them maybe once twice a month and see them a few times a year. They're a 10 minute drive away. They used to try and get in touch but have just over time accepted that I don't want to be in contact with them. From what I can objectively tell they're loving, caring parents -  not perfect, far from it, but I know they care and do their best. My sister is outgoing and close to my parents. I feel so detached from all of it.That feeling I have for my family reflect how I feel about everyone. I sit at my computer, I drink and I smoke weed whenever I can (when I don't need to go to work), I'm twitchy, uncomfortable, can't breathe properly. I seem to have this habit of exhaling in quick bursts. I'm never fully relaxed, always slightly on edge, I never feel safe, occasionally I get an eerie feeling like someone is behind me, looking over me.I have a messed up sex life. I am pretty much exclusively attracted pre-op transexuals, best sex as I've ever had is to experience domination with a tgirl. I've had a few female girlfriends, the sex is good. I've been with a few guys, the sex was...odd. Tgirls though seems to be the only gender I'm truly attracted to. I don't know why or when but I've come to accept it.Anyway, I have an appointment with my Doctor next week, I'm going to ask/beg to be referred to a psychiatrist. I was also considering maybe going to an STD clinic on the off chance they'll be able to look for signs of uh...damage? I'm sorry I'm not sure how to word it. I'm also currently scared to google it.I don't know what I'm looking to gain by writing this out, I guess I just wanted someone to hear it, because I have nobody I can tell this to right now, so if you read all the way through, thank you very much.If I can't fix how I feel, I fully expect to find a quiet way to kill myself at some point down the line. I don't mean that so sound dramatic, I just  know I can't keep living the way I do, constantly feeling live I'm on hot coal. I guess I'll trudge along for a few more years to see if it get's better.TL;DR Realised recently I may have been raped as a young boy and have blocked it out, suffered pretty severe emotional trauma all of my life, only just now realising that it isn't normal. Some minor physical issues also. Or it could all be in my head.TTL;DR May have been fucked as a boy, caused me to be fucked as an adult.
I had been dating this guy for quite a few months at the time this took place. He was staying with me and we'd both been drinking, him more heavily than me. We got into bed and the guy really wanted to fool around but I did not. This did not seem to stop him. He kept trying to get me to engage with him but I was tired and just wanted to sleep eventually after telling him to stop about 6 or 7 times I moved as far away from in the bed and turned my back to him. At the point he started to spoon me and I thought we'd just fall asleep but he started putting his hands all over and tried to turn me around. I once again told him I did not want to and this time I physically pushed him off of me telling him I just wanted to sleep. Finally he seemed to get the idea and we went to sleep.After that it wasn't long until I fell asleep it was around 6 am and as I said I'd been drinking and I was super tired. Because it was the middle of summer it was already light out when I fell asleep so when I woke up I really had no way to gauge what time it was. When I did wake up it was because my boyfriend at the time hand his hands down my pants and was fooling around with me down there, for lack of a better term. When he noticed I was awake he proceeded to step it up and put his fingers inside me. At the time I was just tired, from being up all night and in the sense of saying no so many times already I figured it'd just be easier to get it over with then just keep having to say no. Looking back now I really wish I had said no that last time but in the moment I thought I would have been acting like a bad girlfriend and I wanted to make him happy and didn't think it'd do any harm to just let him do what he so clearly wanted. For such a long time I didn't feel like I could call it rape. Because i thought I loved him. Because he told me didn't want to hurt me. Because I had no idea how long it had been since I last said no and thought there was some statue on that so me not saying no the last time was consent. But I didn't consent I didn't want him to touch me but I thought it would be easier. I do 100% blame him but I don't know how to get past the fact that I know I physically able to get out of that situation. I was able to say no. I could have said stop but I just let it happen. I don't know how to forgive myself for standing by while i was witness to a rape. 
Hi. I’m writing because I feel I am a secondary survivor of my ex’s sexual assault. This is the first time I’ve said anything about it in a public forum.The assault happened at the end of 2012. J (the ex) and I had both moved to a new city (not together, months apart, not really for each other, although one could argue she moved for me and didn’t say that). We hung out casually for a while (we’d had a sexual relationship in our hometown), continued what we’d had before. We weren’t boyfriend/girlfriend. So, realizing this, J starts dating online, goes on some dates, whatever. One date ended up drugging her at a bar and raping her in her own bed. She had no recollection of what had happened when she woke up. She texted the guy. The guy assured her he was “clean” and had the nerve to ASK HER OUT AGAIN. That day, J came over to my place and told me some bare minimum details of what had happened. I, myself, was struggling with a drinking problem at the time, so I was not the most comforting, I don’t think. One weird thing about this is that she willingly had sex with me that day. I don’t know if this was something about taking control of her body back or what, but had I been sober, I wouldn’t have done that. Anyway, J and I end up dating for real after a non-speaking break and me dating someone else for a month. I loved her. Things were okay for a while, but eventually I kept thinking about the rape. I had so much anger for the criminal that drugged J and violated her. I drank, and J drank, and when we drank together, some of this would come out in arguments that were seemingly unrelated, but would end with me bringing up the rape. At the time, and for years, J’s strategy was to bury the feelings she had deep and not bring them up. Mine was drinking and anger. I think in retrospect, we really should have soberly and rationally talked about it. This anger bubbled and boiled and affected every aspect of us together. I got jealous of her male relationships, I feared for her safety while she was out with girlfriends, who I knew would be drunk and susceptible to the same outcome. It just made me scared and therefore not able to even enjoy anything for any length of time. We finally broke up, but kept talking, seeing each other sometimes. Then I said some very stupid things about the rape and we stopped talking for a while. Then started talking again and sleeping together again. She wrote a lengthy email to me that gave me ALL the details, the details she was leaving out in person, when we lived together, when we loved each other. It talked about the bars they went to, how she has no idea how she ended up in her own apartment, how she woke up in the middle of the night to vomit and the rapist was still in her bed. How she then woke up in the bathtub naked, confused, not knowing what had happened, scared. I got sober a little over 4 months ago, and a couple weeks ago, we had dinner. I found my feelings were still there and intensified when sober. Not in the angry sense, more in the sad sense. It was all about regret and sadness about how we and I handled everything, and how maybe we’d be married now if we had just talked or gotten therapy together or if I had gotten therapy. The end result of this is that I can’t really see her anymore. I can’t handle it until I fix myself. I mean, we are broken up too, so that makes sense. But adding onto that feeling is the way stuff panned out due to rape. I wish a third party didn’t have the power to fuck things up for me and us the way he did, but he did and it sucks. And it’s kind of too late to have the “sober rational discussion” we should’ve had 3 years ago. Our lives are different, we’re moving on, we don’t have room for each other, even though I love the shit out of J, still. I’ve started therapy and have been reading this sub and other stuff, that’s helping.Anyway, thanks for reading. 
Throwaway because my (ex) boyfriend is an avid reddit user and may even subscribe to this thread. Sorry if this sounds like this should be in /r/relationships, but my assault is crucial here, and I could really just use outsider advice, wisdom, or any sort of outlet to vent.Basically I'm still in shock over this whole ordeal. My boyfriend and I have been dating for almost two years now, and everything seemed perfect. We both respected each others artistic career choices, supported each other through tough money situations, and were really great lovers. We didn't need to text all day, we had our own lives, and we both loved each others families. It just seemed like a very mature relationship compared to my past boyfriends. We would get into arguments and actually talk through them, come to a compromise, and both leave satisfied with the solution.Then this summer I was raped. I lost my job. His dad was diagnosed with cancer. We were hit with some really heavy stuff. We often said we would be able to get through anything if we could get through this.About two weeks ago he suggested we attend a therapy session. He posed it as "a way to not let the difficult situations in our lives impact our relationship." We went, and it was helpful! I really did enjoy it. Second session, I guess he felt a bit more comfortable, because all of these things started coming out that I had no idea about.1. I drink too much. In times like this, I shouldn't be turning to alcohol to sooth my pains. Ok, he's right here. 2. I don't listen when he talks. I get defensive. Maybe he's right? I'm not quite sure. Either way, his feelings are valid.3. He needs a rock to lean on while his dad is dying, and I have too much shit in my life at the moment.When I heard all of this, I instantly got very defensive. He said he had been feeling these things since November. I felt like I had been living a lie. Literally, the weekend before we spent Valentine's Day at his parent's house, and it was a lovely weekend! In my mind we were stronger than ever, and now I had this bomb dropped on me that he has been unhappy for so long.Then the therapist suggests I'm an alcoholic, because I continue to drink on anxiety medication. I'm going to be honest here, I love me some wine. That does not mean I am out with my girlfriends clubbing every weekend night. I have gotten a bit out of hand at times, and I pay the price. But I tend to toss that up to too many shots and bad luck. But yes, I am 25 and this behavior needs to end. By no mean am I an alcoholic.To further prove her point. She asks what my bottom would be, what would make me stop? Then she casually drops the rape bomb. Now mind you, this is not something I am fully dealt with myself. I have my own doctors that I am seeing, and we are proceeding with charges on my own time. But for a doctor whom I have known for all of maybe TWO HOURS to feel she was allowed to bring that up, I felt completely violated. I ended up walking out.That was Thursday. We didn't speak until Friday. Then he came over, and he told me his needs. He needs me to stop drinking, and help myself more, so I can be more of a rock for him. I fully obliged. Everything he said is great advice for both of us. (Full disclosure, since the assault this summer, I have been unable to hold down jobs.  I am often scared to leave my apartment unless I am with him. I have been on my ass being supported by severance and unemployment.)Saturday, Sunday and Monday we hang out. Things seem fabulous. I start applying for jobs, I leave the apartment, and even head to the gym a few days! I help him rearrange his apartment, and go furniture shopping to do some redecorating for his place.Then Wednesday, he comes over after work. Never takes his coat off, and drops a bag of my stuff on the table. He looks me deadpan in the eye, and says "if you compare both of our lives to where they were a year ago, neither of us are progressing. You need to focus on you, I need to focus on me. I don't see this relationship going any further." Obviously devastated, I ask "do you still love me??" and he responds, "of course, but I need to focus on me right now."Now this was only yesterday. Even as I write this, I realize we have both been through a hell of a lot this year, but mostly my issues have been driving the relationship. But what tears me to pieces is that he didn't even give me a chance! He told me his needs, and I was making an effort, but changes don't happen overnight. I want to be there to support him with his dad. I do believe this was something truly special, and I don't want to give up without a fight. Am I just being naive? Do you think this assault has ruined us? Is it my fault for not handling everything? Has anyone had similar experiences?tl;dr: Boyfriend broke up with me after 2 years, completely shocked by it. Can't help but think my assault was the beginning of our downfall.
I was dating a man that I was really starting to fall in love with and he started talking about possibly getting married someday if things went between us.  We had a really bad argument one night at a club due to his behavior toward other women I thought was disrepectful to me and lI eft him on the dance floor which he found very insulting (he is from a macho country btw).  I ended up staying at his place and the next day he acted like nothing happened and we even had a great day together.  I cant remember how many times we saw each other again the following week or if we fought again but he stayed over one night a few days to a week later. The next morning after waking got on top of me and started indicating with his body he wanted sex.  I told him 2-3 times I didnt want to and expected him to stop like he had the seldom other times I said I didnt want to but in the middle of telling him the 2nd or 3rd time he all of a sudden inserted himself in me with a rather sick smile.  I immediately deflated and went kind of numb and in shock just lay there til he finished.  He left to go to work like nothing happened and even said he would call me later.  I lay in bed about 2 hours wondering what the hell had just happened. Later that day I called an few assault organizations and they told me I had been raped.  I couldnt and didnt want to believe it went into denial for about a month and continued seeing him.The following weeks our sex was suffering a lot and I was unable to climax anymore. He started noticing was very bothered by it.  It finally dawned on me and I told him one night “I think its since that day you forced sex on me even after I said no several times.  Do you remember that? I found that very disrespectful.”  He said he was sorry. I asked what he thought of what happened. “I didnt think it was a big deal.”  He continued to treat me not very well and we broke up shortly after.He also showed creepy behavior toward his 13 year old niece.  He would slap her on the ass every time she walked by him when she and her family were living with him a few months.  He also put a tennis racquet between her legs one day and started jerking it when we were waiting to play tennis.I am still beside myself about the whole thing because on the one hand I lost someone I was in love with and also dealing with the emotional and psychological aftermath of what he did to me sexually and like another recent post I read here I still find myself trying to determine if it was really rape because it wasnt violent per say and at times I get so angry I feel like I'm having a nervous breakdown and having problems at work because I'm so upset.  I  have thought about reporting it to police but all I have for evidence is calls to sexual assault organizations from a few months ago. I've also talked to Child Protection Svcs (anonymously) who tell me I should report his behavior regarding his niece so they can investigate but I am almost 100% positive she will deny because her entire family relies on him very much.  
Sorry I know this subreddit is for people who were raped and are looking for advice but after a close encounter I'm really scared by what happened tonight and just want to vent in a safe space.I was coming home from work at around 11pm when my girfriend rang me and told me to come and meet her and some friends at a pub near where we live. I went along and when I got there everything seemed fine although I had a feeling my girlfriend had had too much to drink, she was moving her arms quite erratically and couldn't stop talking. I was confused cause she said she'd had maximum 3 or 4 glasses of wine and she normally will handle this no problem and I'm so fucking annoyedat myself now but I didn't believe her and thought she was just trying to hide how drunk she was by lying about how much she'd had. We stayed at the pub for a little while and over the next half an hour she knocked over 3 drinks so fed up I said it's time to go.Very shortly after we'd left I was talking to her and just looked over and she was grinding her teeth and chewing her jaw so vigorously and she couldn't stop, her arms wouldn't stop moving either. My genuine first thought was that she was having some kind of seizure, but we are both quite experienced with recreational drugs and we realized what had happened. Someone had slipped something into her drink.Our apartment is under normal circumstances a 10 minute walk from where we were, this time the trip took well over an hour. At first I was calm and thought we could just get home and everything would be fine, but she could hardly stand and couldn't walk more than 3 steps with stumbling. Her pupils were so bigI know there's no way this was just alcohol. She was crying hysterically and and couldn't string a coherent sentence together. I was trying to guide her home the best I could but she was taking alot of her frustration out on me and getting her where we needed to go became increasingly difficult.It wasn't until I got her home and she'd fallen asleep safely in bed that I had a chance to think about what had happened. I don't know for sure that someone did this to rape her, I don't know why people do stuff like this, maybe it's for a sick laugh, but I would guess someone saw a girl unaccompanied by a guy and thought they could take advantage. When my girlfriend rang me to come out I was apprehensive, I'd jut finished work, I was tired but I'm so thankful I went if anything had happened to her I don't know how I could've forgiven myself.Someone attempted to rape her before we were together when she was 14, when she told me the story a few years after we both broke down, I promised her I wouldn't let anything happen to her and now that something almost has I don't know how I'm going to be able to let her out of my sight.I don't really know what I want anyone to reply I just wanted to say something in the hope it would make me feel better about what happened and that the worst didn't happen    
My problem is that I am not sure how to feel. I just need to get this out.I was in contact with a man I really liked. I liked his personality and his looks.We had met up a few times and then eventually I invited him to my apartment. In my head I thought we would hang out and eat dinner together. I bought special food, and hoovered. We are both into art and tattoos so I thought it would be fun to look at these pieces of artwork I had and for him to see some of my own work.Anyway it did not turn out like that. Pretty soon after he had arrived we were kissing and we ended up having sex. It was quite sudden, I wasn't expecting to (I hadn't shaved my legs), and it was also quite rough. I didn't enjoy it and it did hurt, but I didn't ask him to stop. The best way to explain myself is that I just froze. I felt awkward. Immediately after the event he got dressed and left, and then I began to panic. He had only been at my apartment for maybe 1-2 hours. I felt a wave of sadness and I cried for a long time.I sent him a text to say that I was disappointed with how he acted, and that he hurt me. He sent me back the crying laughing emoji and then never texted me back again.I know that this is not really rape because I didn't say no. And I did fancy him. But I can not help feeling like I got cheated, like I'm an idiot, and humiliated.  I recognise that my story is a gray area. Maybe its just a bad dating story more than anything else, it just I cant seem to forget about this one.Also I am a horrible judge of character. 
To fully understand this you need some background about me and my parents.I don't see eye to eye with my mom and dad on religion. my parents are very religious. By "very religious" I mean the most fundamentalist interruption of the bible you can image.I too use to be as religious as they are but in my teens (13-14) I started to have very quit doubts. I started to read all sorts of books about religion.One of the books I read mentioned Richard Dawkins book the God Delusion. At first the name turned me off form it. Then I thought that I shouldn't judge a book by its title.Long story shot I went to our library and checked it out, read it and was convinced to defect to being an agnostic atheist. I went to great lengths to hide this form my parents, I knew they would have a bad reaction.2 years later on my 16 birthday they found out. I never found out how they did but they did. Again to make a long story shot they told me I was evil, that I would go to hell forever and I was no son of theirs.The next day they kicked me out. My kindly ant offered to take me in. I would live with my ant for the next two years then move to Cambridge, Massachusetts so I could go to Harvard.before I lift for Harvard I went to a family get to together. I had no idea that my parents would be there but they were. If I had known I wouldn't have gone. They had my baby sister with them who was only 1 at the time.I had no idea that I had a sister at all so this was a complete sock to me. I wanted to see my sister even if it meant having to talk to my parents.I went up to them and started talking. At first they didn't recognize me and we had some petty friendly chat. why should they recognize me they hadn't seen me for 2 years and I looked very different (for example I had grown a beard).Once they did recognize me they got Angy. I thought they were going to say some BS like they had said 2 years ago but they said something worse.They told me that they had Alice (my sister) so that they could have real child and a human unlike me who is a "demon". I was so angry I just walked away.I spent quit bit of extra money so I could leave on a plane for Cambridge, Massachusetts on that day. I just wanted to be fair away form them.I would spend 7 year at Harvard, got a PHD in math. After I got my PHD I got a very well paying job in a hedge fund. one year latter everything was going amazing for me.A thought hit me that year. How is my sister doing? I hadn't thought about her in years. I become very worried that my parents weren't treat her good.I decide that I had to find out and if they weren't I would have to do something about it. I got in contact with them.I was excepting it to be very hard to convince them to let me my sister but it wasn't. They were more then willing let me see her. why? They told me flat out why.They were willing to let me see my sister because they were convinced that she would hate her "demon" brother the second she saw eyes on him, and her hating me might expel the demon form me.No joking. Beyond crazy but what was I to expect form them? I made agreement with them, If she didn't hate me then they would have let see on more then once, if she did then I would fuck off and leave them alone.That is one thing I like about my parents when they make deal they keep no matter what. 3 week later I met my 8 year old sister Alice. we hit it off right away.My parents keep there side of the deal and let me see her frequently. I was overjoyed to find out they were treat her fine. no abuse mental or physical.They were of course feeding her the same crazy region they had feed me. Fortunately I was moderating force in her life. She looks up to me as a role model.For example when I first meet her she didn't believe in evolution but when we become really close she asked me point blank if it was true or not. I told her yes it was and she instead that I teach her it.Fast forward 2 years to her 10 birthday 2 Months ago. everything for me was going well. I had help my parents set up her 10 birthday.My relationship with my parents over the last 2 years had improved. It still wasn't good but it wasn't bad ether. My sister and I had over the last 2 year had become very close.I was of course at her 10 birthday party and I could tell something was wrong with her. She is usually very happy/outgoing and had been looking forward to her 10 birthday party.but all during the party she was detached, depressed, quit and upset. My parents and I both questioned her about it but she sad nothing was wrong.That night after the party she tried to kill herself. after her attempted failed she broke down in tears told us everything. One of her cousins that was staying at there house the day before the party raped her. He had told her that he would kill her if she told anyone.We called the police and they arrested him. He plead guilt to rape and is know severing a very long term in person.1/2 Months later and she starting look a little fat. I found this very suspicious because she been depressed since her rape and hasn't eaten much. We are actually having a hard time to get her eat anything. My parents found it equally suspicious.We get her pregnancy tested and it comes out positive. The last 15 days have been a shit storm. She is small for age and the doctors are 100% convinced that if she take the baby to full term she was die.her body simply isn't developed enough to handle this IE she is too young. The oblivious solution is have an abortion. My parents are dead set against an abortion for religious reasons.all the improvement in are relationship over past 2 year has gone in the last 15 days. They refuse to see reason, that if she die in having the baby that so will the baby. They are so pro life of the baby that they are pro death of the mother.So what do? I don't even know what she wants to do. she won't talk about with anyone.I don't think media coverage or going to the government would work. Are state government is 99% republican and were one the most religious states in the country and a case much like ares case happened and the state government backed up the right of the parent not have there child have an abortion.Sorry for rambling on for so long but that's my story. I have no idea what to do. Any advice is welcome.tl;dr My 10 year old sister was raped and is pregnant, our parents won't let her have an abortion, she will die if she doesn't have an abortion what do I do?
As the title states, I was assaulted and I originally posted in r/offmychest but was redirected here. I want to start by saying thank you to everyone who posted in response. Your words were very helpful.To refresh, I was rushing (joining) a fraternity at my university and during pledge week, I was assaulted by a number of older members to test my "trust." They had me drink a large amount of alcohol, after which they duct taped me to a bench where roughly 20-30 members placed their testicles in my mouth, with two or three using the opportunity to masturbate. It was humiliating and degrading. I found myself questioning my sanity and my sexuality. I felt defeated. Your words on here, however, encouraged me to seek help. After being turned away by an ignorant counselor on campus with ties to the fraternity, I spoke to another counselor who was incredibly helpful. She encouraged me to not allow for my attackers to control my life any more. She helped me back on my feet.Then, three weeks ago today, I found myself more lost them ever. Apparently word had gotten out that I was traumatized and was seeking help. Some of the older members from my fraternity got word of this and were not happy. They told me that they would handle any issues within the fraternity and instructed me to stay away from other authorities. I said okay and left the house. Later that week, I was in the fraternity house cleaning the bathroom around 3pm since my professor cancelled class. The house was empty since most brothers have class at that time. I was checking the downstairs toilet when several larger men came through the door wearing those eery Guy Fawkes masks. (Mind you, I am 5'4, 140lbs) One of them hit me across the face with a sex toy in the shape of a very large penis and said "you like ratting like a bitch?" I tried to get up and run but they blocked me. The same guy said "if you make a f-cling noise, this is going up your ass, rat." I began crying and they all laughed. I was then made to get in the bathtub and undress. They laughed at the size of my penis and threatened me with anal penetration if I did not touch myself, so I did. I was unable to finish as they instructed, so the tallest one told me to get on my knees. I begged them not to do this. I offered money I didn't have. But they wouldnt have it. The taller man then pulled his pants down and said "either open your mouth or bend over. Your choice, rat." I could not move at that point. He then grew impatient and forced his penis into my mouth so far that I gagged. He then held my head against the shower wall as he thrusted into my mouth. Two others forced me to bend against my will and one of them began to put his fingers in my rectum. The pain was unbearable so he ran the shower on me and began to inch the large sex toy into me. I screamed but it was muffled by the other's penis. After a few minutes of toy assault, the four other men in the bathroom took turns raping me until the man who was in my mouth pulled out and said "my turn." It was at this point that he made a point to show me how much bigger he was. He ordered me to "lick it." I did, reluctantly. I was completely frozen, hoping this would end soon. He then went behind me with the shower still running, flipped me on my back, and while two other men held my legs up, he penetrated me. I screamed so loud but no one heard me since the bathroom is in the basement. I felt as if I would prefer death. He forced me to make eye contact with him or else he wouldn't stop. He made me watch him rape me. I was completely and totally helpless. He then kicked the rest of the men out of the room and began to try and kiss me as he raped me. He grabbed my throat and squeeze so hard that I could've passed out. He then began shoving his tongue into my throat and ordered me to "beg like a rat." I didn't know what that meant so he hit me and thrusted harder. I cannot describe the pain. He then made me "moan like a bitch." It was at this point that he struck me in the head and I must have lost consciousness. I woke up hours later. It was dark outside when I woke up. There was dried blood around my rectum. Standing up hurt immensely. I looked at myself in the mirror to find that the men had ejaculated all over me. It was dried in my hair, face, clothes, and ears. When I spit, it was in my mouth and I also found it dried all over my crotch area. It felt unreal. I managed to get my ripped clothes on and I walked all the way to campus security office down the road, still covered in my attacker's semen. The police helped me to the hospital where they were able to take samples of the semen left on and in me. Since then, I had found myself in a very dark place about a week later. I attempted suicide; however I was saved by a very close friend. This was my lowest point. Just yesterday, I found out that two of my attackers have been caught and arrested. The fraternity has been suspended indefinitely and I am on medical leave for the semester. Physically, I'll recover but mentally, I am in early stages of rehab. The reason for my very detailed account is because I don't want this to ever happen to anyone else. I hope that young men and women will read this post and think twice before entrusting people based on "brotherhood." I am not against Greek Life but I am very weary of it. Please be safe in these types of organizations. I will update with any further news if there is any. Thank you again for your support.
Im not exactly sure how to go about this. I'm just kind of lost and have no one to talk to. Its a long story but I'll try to keep it short.I was being sexually abused by my stepfather in 6th grade. This carried on for a couple of months each night till I finally told my mom one morning. She believed me, and she got in a huge argument with him right away. Fast forward to the next day, my mom didn't call the police. She said she couldn't because I would be taken away by child services. The same reason she told me I couldn't tell anybody/get any therapy. The only things that changed were: he installed a lock on my door that only me and my mom had a key too, and that me and him stopped talking.The next following years where really hard for me. I didn't have anyone to talk to. If I tried to talk to my mom she would break down in tears, calling herself the worst mom and asking if I hate her. Instead of getting any comfort I was reaching out for I instead had to comfort her. It would be hard as well since everyone in his family started to view me as the step daughter that didn't talk to her step dad. My mom ended up getting pregnant again (I had a little brother (10 M now) already) with my baby (5 F now)sister and became a stay at home mom.It felt very confusing as she would sometimes act as if nothing happened: ask him to drive me to school alone 30 min drive, joke about how me and him have so much in common, and even talk to me about their relationship about how sweet he is. Even saying I should thank him for all the things he provides for me since she's not working. Then it could happen where later she'd change as if she remembered what happened. She would tell me not to wear shorts at home, she'd make sure my bedroom door was always closed, warm me when he's coming home, ect.Fast forward to July 2014 my mom, brother and sister move abroad temporarily to build a rental home. I move to my grandmas. I don't want to write a long wall of text so keeping it short, I tell one of my aunts (29 F) about the whole thing. Fast forward some more she contacts my mom telling her that she knows what happened. Then all hell breaks loose.My aunt and me wanted to press charges against my stepdad, my aunt told my mom she would let my mom report it. My mom denied. She said a lot of hurtful things towards my aunt and me. And also saying that my aunt is going to mess up my little siblings lives. And how my aunt is going to have to financially support my siblings. This time my mom was acting very manipulative, telling me "If you go through with this, you're going to ruin your siblings future. I love you, I know all you need is forgiveness in your heart for him. That's how I was able to move on". And a whole lot of things that made my head spin. In the end we still call the police. It was a really difficult time...Fast forward the case goes forward and I had to do a lot of legal things. It became a State case. I feel grateful that I had my aunt to support me and an advocate to help me also. The difficult part was my aunt felt that our whole family should know. Everyone was shocked and at first we all came together as a family. But now it has just become this big elephant in the room. My grandma (63 F) did try to talk to my mom but talking about the whole situation my mom stopped talking to anyone. So my grandma and other family members continued to talk to her as if nothing happened. And that really hurt me, I can feel my eyes watering as I type this. In some parts of the legal case they needed my mom as a witness but she would not reply or talk to any lawyers and she decided she would stay out of it all.The case has been over now, settled on a plea agreement. My mom and I haven't talked since August 2014. She has "apologized" since then but it was my choice as she still insists on staying with my stepdad. Saying how she knows she messed up with me but she needs to focus on my siblings right now. They are still currently abroad, but coming back sometime this year. My stepdad stayed here as he was the financial support for my mom/siblings. I know I can't control if she tries to move back in with him but I will call child services if she does as he is now a registered sex offender.I feel so sad when I think about all of this, I have no one to talk to. I sometimes talk to my aunt about it as she also is not talking to my mom, as my mom stated she hates my aunt now. But I don't want to solely depend on her. I don't even feel like I can talk to any of my other family as they're all acting as if nothing happened.... My grandma sometimes asks my if maybe it's the right time I finally talk to my mom... but I just can'ttldr I was sexually abused by my stepdad in 6th grade and my mom chose to keep it a secret from everybody. I recently went through a whole legal battle about the abuse and she chose him over me.
Im not sure if this is the right place to post this or if this even belongs here. Im sorry if it doesnt but I just want to ask other people who may have been in a similar situation.&nbsp;I was sexually molested by a familiar of the same age and gender when I was a child. I honestly dont know how to describe it, maybe it was rape, maybe it was assault. I was to week to do anything and to scared to fight back or argue against it. I eventually did and it stopped for a while. At the time this was happening(maybe around 6) I did not start to develop sexually yet. A couple years later(maybe 8 or 9 years old) I was starting to develop sexually and started to become interested in girls and also straight porn. I had never even considered having sex with other male. Thats my cousin also being at the same age and im assuming also developing came back to me and sadly I was more willing to do it. He was one of my best friends and I guess I didnt mind doing it this time. This continued on for another year or two and eventually that stopped when my parents caught us. Ever since then I cant help but blame my attraction to the same sex on him? Gradually over the years I became more and more attracted to guys and its gotten to the point that I'm probably bisexual and I hate that this is happening. I'm currently 19 now and im hoping that this is just a phase that I can grow out of. I looked this up a bit and most sources agreed that sexual assault cant influence your sexual preference but I just wanted to talk to other people about this :(.
This is pretty hard for me to talk about...When I was 3-4 my parents were having s rough time and separated temporarily. My mom took me to live with her parents (my grandparents). First... When my mom was younger my grandfather molested her and at least one of her sisters. The sister told my grandmother and was promptly kicked out of the house and no one has contact with her even now. While we lived there my grandfather molested me. I don't remember a LOT of it but I do remember bits and pieces. When I was 7 I started acting strangely, having night terrors, refusing to be away from my mom, got sent home from school regularly for having emotions outbursts in class, etc. I refused to sleep in my room or alone. My mom ended up sleeping  on a pull out couch with me for over a year. They took me to see psychologists and psychiatrists who evaluated me and came to the conclusion that I was suffering from PTSD due to moleststion and/or rape. At the time I didn't really know what was going on and I couldn't tell them who it was because I didn't remember or had blocked it out. My mom asked me a few times as I was growing up if I remembered anything and I'd say bits of it. She asked if I remembered who it was and said if she ever found out it was my grandfather she would never be able to forgive herself for bringing me into that house. I know now that it WAS him but I've never told her because I don't want her to have to deal with thinking it was her "fault" because it wasn't, it was his. But that being said, my family visits my grandparents every holiday and have my whole life. I can usually get by with a hello and goodbye kiss and hug then I avoid being in the same room with my grandfather. I'm 30 now, I haven't been forced to go for a long time but if I don't go that means I don't get to spend the holidays with my parents or sister or brothers so I always just go and try to avoid contact. My mom is quite ill. My grandfather had a stroke a few years ago and isn't really the same person now he's just a sad shriveled man. Sometimes I feel like I should tell my mom that it was him. Other times I think I would hate to cause her more pain or have her feel like she is to blame. If you were me would you tell her?
So I met this guy, we hit it off, and I went back to his place. I'm an 18 y.o. girl, and he is 21 y/o guy - we'll call him Bob. Anyway night one I go back with Bob to go watch a movie, or so I thought. Nope, didn't happen. He wanted sex, and I told him I didn't want to have sex and if that's all he wanted I would leave then. He didn't say anything and so I was thinking ok, well he definitely just wanted sex, so I guess I should go. So I told Bob that I should go, in which he didn't want me to go, so he pinned me to the bed and we made out for a little while he took off my clothes. I didn't say yes, but I didn't say no either. I didn't mind it necessarily either but I probably would have preferred to not. He then proceeded to put his hands down my underwear, which I told him multiple times to not, and kept moving his hands away from my underwear. He never stopped trying to put his hands down my underwear all night. I slept over the night at his place - didn't really want to, but I knew I couldn't leave at 2am and walk back to my place (not the safest). So I basically had this fear that something was going to happen to me while I was sleeping, so I stayed up all night, nothing happened, thankfully. Day 2 came around I went over to his place, not really sure why I did, and ended up staying there for the night, same stuff happened "no hands in my underwear" having to move his hands, etc. I guess I just wanted to have a relationship, not really sure why I kept sticking around. Wake up next morning and he wants head, I had already given head to him a few hours ago, and was still tired, so I said no, in which he forced my head down and put him up to my mouth and I still didn't want to and I had to say no three or so times for him to move his hand off my head. He later got mad at me for not wanting to give him head, and claimed that my "I'm on my period" line was just an excuse to not have sex with him, which isn't true as I was actually on my period. We got food and then later went back to his place and then same shit happened and I told Bob I should go and that I wanted to hang out with my friends anyway. Next day I offered to go to the zoo, because I didn't want to just be at his place again all day. Zoo was fine, then we went back to his place. I said I wanted to watch a movie, with my clothes on, and not have to worry about him touching me. We ended up watching the movie, however all my clothes came off but my underwear and I told him I wanted to keep my clothes on. I fought him a little, but fear of him hitting me or something prevented me from fighting any further. He then kept feeling me up, and I said no hands on me please, in which he didn't listen. Then proceeded to rub his dick all over me and I said I didn't want sex and ended up leaving again, in which he claimed "you're just using me" which made no sense considering I gave him head many times, and asked for nothing in return. He now is constantly texting me saying that we have two different definitions of consent, but I feel like since I kept telling Bob no, no hands on me, and no I don't want to give you head, that was me not giving my consent. 
I'm 16 now. I'm a male, I struggle with identity sometimes. I don't know where else I can post this, remove it if you want, I just want my story to be heard. My message to get out. When I was 12, and still discovering myself, I was raped by my cousin. He forced me to do horrible things, he told me it was normal and no one would believe me. I tried to tell people recently about that, I was told "you're a man, deal with it"And my sister has told me, "men can't be raped"I said that was sexist, I got the response "women can't be sexist, you're an idiot". She was the only person I had ever told. And she told me that. She said that minorities can't discriminate against majorities. So I never told anyone. Then when I was 14 I was with some girls that I liked. We were playing games, I was about 5'4 and 90 pounds, they tied me to a chair, they started touching me. Of course all I could hear was "it's ok, it's normal. You'll like this"But my friend saved me. I tried to get my story out about that. But was told "women can't rape men". And it's not fair, I'm a person, I'm an equal to you and you're equal to me. Why should my story not matter because of my sex? Why should it not matter because I'm different?I've been thinking about suicide recently, nobody believes me, and when they do they don't care. The way this is isn't fair. I've barely told anyone this, but my story needs to get out. Everyone should be treated equal, everyone should have a fair chance. I'm a man, I was raped and I won't believe otherwise. I didn't want it, I didn't like it. And I can't just get over it. 
I am 21 and he is 26. He has a video of me where he made me lick him EVERYWHERE. It is so embarrassing. No one would look at me the same way if they saw it. He says if I ever break up with him he will send it to all my friends and family.He's not even really my bf anymore. He makes me spend the night at his apartment every night and demands sexual things but I hate the things he does to me. He keeps degrading me more and more in bed. Any time I tell him no he names one of my friends and starts to send them the video. So I always end up doing what he wants. I feel worthless when he is done with me. I feel like crying just thinking about going back over there tonight.He treats me horrible, he says he has stretched me out so bad I won't feel good to any other guy. He says no one will want to kiss me when he shows them the video.The only reason I do it is so he won't show people the video but he keeps getting more extreme in bed making me do worse things for him. It's like he is testing my limits.Can someone please give me advice or support. I want to leave him so bad but I know he will ruin my life as soon as I do
So basically, when she was 10, (up until she was 14), she was sexually abused by her step father. (Didn't reach penetration with thing, but finger and tongue). Ever since she turned 17, she's had some panic attacks regarding this happening. Recently, something's been bothering her. She's sexually active, and she loves sex, but she wants to assure herself that it wasn't because of the incident, and that she isn't the only one to have actually experienced this. Anyone that can help?Edit: She used to have sex with almost anyone she can before we were a thing (Flings, etc.). She wanted this part added, as she thinks it's different if it's just with me.
Hi. I had something happen to me a few months ago that I've thought about a little recently, and the more I've thought about it the more it's been unsettling me. I wanted to get it down and get people's opinions on it.Basically, I was on this youth camp thing in the UK called NCS. It was a week where we were all living in university accommodation, and I'd been looking at this guy all week. He was 16, same as me, and seemed so cool - pierced ears, smoked weed, had this authority with the other kids, really respected. He was well known to be gay, and I'd just figured out I was bisexual. I said I was during a game of truth or dare, and he seemed to take an interest - going "for real?". One day I was hanging out with my friends when he said "I'm going back to my room. You coming?" And gestured at me. I'd never really talked to him before, but said yeah. We went back, and sat in his room with him, me and one other friend - we talked for a bit, with him lying on his bed, until my friend said he'd give us "some time alone".I initiated things - I could kinda see that he'd invited me in for a hookup, and started sliding my hands down his trousers. He was kinda passive, but I asked him "is this okay" and he went "mmhmm". This progressed to me giving him a blowjob, still pretty much consensual, with me taking the lead even. However, it changed when he started asking me to get a condom from his bedroom drawer. I bottled it, pretty much - I was happy with a blowjob, but I didn't know this guy well, was worried it would hurt, and just generally wanted to save losing my virginity for someone I cared about. So I told him "can I just give you a blowjob", but he didn't seem content with that - he kept asking me again and again, going "come on. For me" "it doesent hurt" "just so you can say you've done it". I suggested he give me a night to think it through, and we could maybe have sex tomorrow, but he wouldn't have it. Eventually, after tenish times of asking, he stopped talking for a bit, and started holding my head down and violently thrusting his dick in and out, making me gag. After that he was silent for maybe ten minutes, and I was starting to feel more and more scared - I was far from turned on any more, and felt really humiliated. He wasn't talking to me, just lying there on his phone as I sucked his dick.Eventually after 10 minutes he starts asking for anal sex again. I keep telling him no, feeling more and more worried and under pressure (it crossed my mind many times if he was going to start being physical, and considered if I could run out) until he said "I'll finger you, so you can see it doesent hurt, then I can put it in." I really wanted him to finish, and to just get out of there, so I said yes. He fingered me, then put a condom on, bent me over the bed and started fucking me, letting me stop for 10 seconds because it hurt like hell, but then carrying on going. He finished, immediately and started putting his clothes on, telling me to wait ten minutes before I came out so noone could tell we had been in the room together.And I don't know if that was rape. I've seen talk of enthusiastic consent and coercion, and it feels like he wore me down until I said yes - especially when he was on his phone, I felt really humiliated. And yet I'm not some PTSD-stricken rape survivor, and I feel like I'm demeaning people who have been through far worse if I say I was raped. I felt kinda good about it afterwards, I've masturbated to it since, and I've bragged to my friends that I've lost my virginity. But there's still this niggling feeling when I think about it. It's changed my attitude towards sex as well - I haven't had sex since, but I feel like I see it in much more of a blasé light now - it's lost a lot of the desire to only do it with people I trust and know. I don't know, but I feel really conflicted over it - this was triggered by an info graphic I saw on tumblr, talking about informed, non-coerced and enthusiastic consent. Thanks, and sorry if that was really graphic :(.
So, I've been thinking of ending it with my boyfriend for a while for reasons unrelated to this. But, looking bad, these incidents seem...off. So I was sexually abused in my life, and have trouble with intimacy sometimes. So we often go months without sex, which he always said he's fine with. However, when I take naps, I take a long time to actually fall asleep. My boyfriend will touch my breasts and go down in my pants. I keep telling him no, but it happens quite often. I've told him off for it, and he stopped for a bit, but then it started up again. He isn't a mean guy otherwise, but he seems to have a lying problem as well. He's lied about some pretty big incidents. for example, he claimed to have shot someone as a kid when he was pressured into it, then when I brought it up he totally forgot about it, and admitted he was lying to appear badass. It was a stupid thing to do, and really...odd. I just don't know what to make of all this.
I tried posting this in /r/relationships and it got taken down, was told to post here instead.So here's what went on in the past 24 hours...My sister, we'll just call her Amy, just came forth and told my mother that our step brother, we'll call him Victor, had molested her years ago. My blood brother called me up earlier this day and told me about the incident, he seemed a bit hesitant about the situation. Almost as if he was a bit unsure of her story considering that she's close with our step brother. So that's when I told him that she was in fact telling the truth. Because when I was in 2nd grade, he had molested me as well. When I told my blood brother this, it just confirmed everything. He at that point called up my mom and told her the information that I had given him, then my oldest sister who's in her 30s spoke up saying that Amy had told her this some time ago, but never said anything up until now.I don't know why she came forth and said it now, considering our close relationship with Victor. I guess we all kinda just forgot about it an didn't say anything. I'm conflicted on how I should feel, He was a super cool brother and even took me in when I was going homeless at one point.Amy's father, which is my step dad, does not know about any of this yet. Amy is afraid her father wont believe her, only because Victor is his blood and pride. Victor is the image of what our step dad is, and in a sense he kinda favors him above the rest of his kids.So now i'm just stuck like a deer in headlights. I don't know what to say or feel or do...We're all kinda on stand by. My mother wants to talk to Amy's father (they're married) about the issue, and wants to even throw Victor in jail.Victor has a wife and kids, and this raises concern for my mother because his wife has two younger sisters that are between 7-10 years old. 
First off, I want to say we're a lesbian couple. Anyways, my girlfriend was raped by her ex stepfather as a child and also molested her younger sister. Her mom knows this happens and still talks to him. Sometimes he texts my girlfriend too but she never replies to him and turned off notifications for his number. Today, she was visiting her mom and mentioned to me how she was with her ex step father. I was so pissed at her mom for making her be around him. Not only that, but her sister has a restraining order against him and their mom is letting him buy her presents. (I think my gf also had a restraining order against him, or something that he couldn't see her again until she was 18) My gf obviously doesn't want to be around him at all but her mom keeps making her talk to him and its disgusting. I'm just worried that if she keeps making my gf be around him he might do something again to either her or her sister.
I'm gonna keep this short. This is the story I'm told.    8 months ago while I was away my gf was attacked by a Co worker of hers. She said that he was in our apartment complex because he was friends with someone else who lived there. I had warned her about this guy's motives before but that's not really relevant here. She went out side to talk to him  he was drunk and asked for help to his car. She said she didn't want to leave him alone so she was walking with him, when they got behind some of the storage units he pulled her to the ground and assaulted her. Here is where the story loses me. After this she met with him 6 MORE TIMES and slept with him 4 of those 6x. I found all this out about 2 weeks ago. The first time they met in his car (I get sick thinking about it so I will not be going into the details I do know) on the side of our apartment and slept with him. I was still away at this time and this meeting was about 2 weeks after the first attack.So I come home. Everything is good until November she didn't see him out side of work didn't meet with him again. But shortly after the first of November I noticed she was texting A LOT and I mean a lot. I was hardly getting 10 messages a day from her. So I got suspicious but I'm not one to snoop so I didnt. Last 3 months have been very bad. We were fighting a lot hardly sleeping together. Well on the 4th of feb. About 3 am while she's showing me something on her phone I see 3 messages from this guy. I lose my cool a little and accuse her of cheating like I have thought for awhile. She comes clean to me about the first attack only. Over the next 3 days I get the truth from her. About the 2nd attack. . And then some time mid November Dec and the start of January she met him in a parking lot and slept with her. She said she never really said "No" she was never forceful in making it stop. She says she laid there and wanted it to be over. And I want to believe her. She said the last 2x she met she was telling him it had to stop. That this isn't what she wanted. That was 2 weeks before I found out and the texting hadn't stopped. I demanded to see her text records and she was texting him over 500 times this month alone and I was about 100 of her texts if that. Here is why I don't know if I trust her or if she got caught. A) The texting. She was talking to him so much. She deleted most of the texts nightly but wjat I did see she was talking badly about me to him sharing personal stuff about me with him and sending him nudes of her. First she said it was only 2 now it's 5 B) the nigjt I found out I freaked of course I said mean things I called him told him I know what happened. Well SHE TEXTED HIM at 4 am about an hour and a half before she came to talk to me. She texted him first and they texted again the next day for about 15 mins She deleted all those texts and didn't tell me about them I found out looking through her text messages logs. Says she told him she was gonna take care of it not to do anything stupid.She did go to the police and her job. Of course tho like I told her the evidence isn't there and it wasnt. Her job moved her to a new department no idea if he is still there or not but still with the company. The police said that it was too old to really be able to go after the first attacks.. and by her story alone those next 4 times she drove under her own power to meet with him knowing what the plan was can not be classified as rape and nothing they could do.So maybe I'll get raged at here but I really just want some input here. Is she lying to me? Did I catch her cheating and she came up with this rape story? Her friends who saw her after the first attack saw bruises but she never told anyone about these late night meetings. She went to the police and her job only because I forced her too told her if what she was saying is true then this is the right thing. I told her I couldn't stay or believe her if she didnt. She said she did it to protect me she knows how I am she knows what I would have done. She says she wasn't "really there" she didn't want anyone to know she wanted everything to be normal.
I'm writing this post because I'm at a stage in my life where my past traumas have all come to a head, and it seems I have hit 'rock bottom'. I am a 19 year old female whom has recently attempted to take my own life due to what happened to me many years previous. When I was about 12, in the last mouth before the summer holidays after which I would be starting high school, my older brother (15  at that time) brought a friend home from school. He was a year older than my brother. As my brother was my favourite person in the world at this time so I pretty much followed him everywhere. I was also interested in his friend, mostly because they were in high school and therefore cooler than me. The first few times I met this boy were uneventful. He was always friendly and polite and let me feel involved. He started coming over every Tuesday after school to attend a youth club and stay the night at my home as it would be too far for him to travel to from his house. One day I was home alone, which wasn't unusual because my father worked away from home and my mother worked in a town and wouldn't be home until later. My brothers friend( I'll call him R from now on) arrived at my home off the school bus but wasn't with my brother or my older sister, who also attended high school. R came into the house and told me my brother and sister had stayed down at school for football practice and it would just be him until six o clock when his youth club bus arrived. This wasn't a big deal to me but I did feel a little bit uncomfortable being alone with one of my brothers friends without anyone else present. R asked if I wanted to watch a film with him and we did. It wasn't until half way through he began to touch my stomach and down my thighs. I froze. I had no idea what to do. I was scared. No one had ever touched me like this before and I wasn't sure if it was normal or not, however my gut feeling was the latter. I think he could sense how ridged I went and backed off as though he hadn't even touched me. We watched the rest of the film in silence. After that first encounter if R was in a room, I wouldn't be. I felt uneasy in his presence and, unbelievably, a bit of guilt. I thought because of my reaction to his touch that I had done something wrong. I was lucky though because the summer holidays then began and he didn't come back to me house over the course of the break. I had almost forgotten about our encounter because of my nerves and excitement for starting high school. Once the holidays ended I was really feeling the nerves. High school was uneventful. I was only a first year and so I wasn't very important in the school pecking order. R had started coming back to the house every Tuesday. Memories of that awkward day before summer came back. He didn't bother me for a few weeks but then one night I was in my bedroom, which is exactly opposite my brothers room, and I heard the door open. It was R. He sat on my bed and told me he wanted to talk to me and he liked me. I was confused. At this point I was 13 and he would have been 17 so I didn't make sense to me that he would said that. But I'm my eyes I was just a nobody and he was a cool older high schooler. I didn't say anything to him and eventually he left. I didn't sleep well that night. I was too confused and even then I was nervous as to what was to come next. Every Tuesday after that he would come into my room and each time make more advances towards me. I regret not trying to resist and telling him to stop but I didn't really know what was right or wrong so I kept my silence. It started he would touch me and kiss me but as the weeks progressed, so did his advances. He be an feeling the insides on my thighs and moving my hands to touch him. The first time he moved my hand to between his legs I snatched it back in horror. He seemed surprised at my reaction but then took my hand again and forced it back to where he placed it. I cried a lot during these visits, which continued to get worse and worse. Soon he would be under my clothes and he would make me go under his. I won't go into details but I was very uncorfortable with what was happening. I knew a girl my age should not be doing these things. Tuesday nights had become hell for me and I would dread hearing the handle of my door turning after everyone else was asleep. R would tell me to never tell anyone and as I didn't know much better, I didn't. I would just wait in my own small part of hell until it was over just for him to come back in a weeks time for it to happen all again. I began losing a tremendous amount of weight. I was quite chunky in primary school but now I was gangly and my bones were protruding. My classmates would call me anorexic. Food didn't appeal to me, especially on the Tuesday's. My school was small. Only around 100 people attended so  I would see R every day. He wouldn't take a second glance at me. Somehow that made it worse because I still knew he would be coming back to my room the following Tuesday. I cried most of the time I was alone. But I had stopped crying infront of R. I would now just lay there, numb, hoping it would be over soon. To make matters worse I felt unreal amounts of guilt as R had girlfreinds while doing this to me. I felt as though if anyone was to find out the would be angry at me. I was broken in to a million little pieces. My family couldn't understand why I had changed so much. I lost my spark. I was holding my life together by my fingertips for their sake. I have never been one to put my problems onto others. I didn't want them to worry about me. After another set of holidays from school, I had got a boyfriend. I was 14 by this stage. He was kind to me and patient. I liked him a lot. The last time R came into my room I had grown sick of him and myself. I felt like I was cheating on my boyfriend- though we had not so much as kissed, I still wanted to do right by him- if R would touch me (I know now this is rediculous. He was abusing me. I was not a cheat or a slut like I thought I was at the time.) R crept in like usual and I suddenly got a enormous outburst of anger. I screamed and swore at him. I have never seen anyone move so quickly in my life. Just like that my abuse was over. Still to this day I regret not shouting at him sooner. I feel like if I did I could have saved myself years of abuse. If only I knew then what I know now. I tried my best to forget R and what he had done to me. I began self harming on my thigh (so no one could see) and taking small overdoses on medication to harm myself. I was depressed and this was my coping. I went to some counselling but I never told them the real cause of my trauma. I wasn't ready to talk to anyone. For years my pain was always with me, but sometimes it was duller - like muscle ache- and sometimes it was sharper and more painful like a stab directly to the heart. Recently it has become too much. I tried to take my own life by overdose. My now boyfriend found me and took me  to A&E. Then everything came out to my parents and my family. They now knew about the abuse. My mother and sister were the only two to talk to me about it, my brother and my father broke their hearts in their own way. My dad thought it was his fault as he worked away and wasn't home much. My brother thought it was his fault because it was his friend he brought home. I thought it was all my fault. It's amazing how humans always wish to blame themselves, when really the only person to blame here is R. I am now on antidepressants and seeing a psychologist who specialises in childhood trauma weekly to try and work through my past. It is very painful to talk about as it has been suppressed for years while no one knew. I have been diagnosed with PTSD and Depression and Anxiety. I still have flashbacks. I still have nightmares. Even though I know it wasn't my fault, in the back of my head I still think it is. There is so much I could have done to stop it if I had tried. I still see R around where I live and it terrifies me. He looks at me as I try to avoid his gaze. I have panic attacks often. I want my life to restart so I can avoid this whole ordeal. It has ruined my life and now I have to pick up all the prices and try and rebuilt it. I have a wonderful family and boyfriend who want the best for me. I'm so lucky to have their support. I'm trying to start revisiting my childhood so I can enjoy some of the fun things I missed out on then. I'm sorry if this has been long and dull and I'm not sure anyone will even read it but I've spend the night without  a wink of sleep and decided I needed to write it all down. My advice to anyone involved in any kind of abuse; IT IS NOT YOUR FAULT. Please tell someone what is happening to you. You do not need to fight this alone. There are so many things you can do to get help. Please don't give up on yourself. You wouldn't give up on someone else if it was happening to them. Thanks for reading. X
My husband & I (both 36) have been together for almost 10 years, coming up on our 7 year wedding anniversary. We have had some relationship issues but the issue I'm wanting to discuss right now is how he makes me feel like an object. I can't even get undressed in the same room as him without a cat call or him grabbing at me. Right now I'm sick with a cold & last night I took some NyQuil, at the suggestion of my husband. NyQuil knocks me out, this isn't my first time taking this. I know. My husband knows. I halfway wake up about an hour after taking it with my husband grabbing & rubbing my butt. I was half asleep & even at one point rolled over so that I was facing him & he didn't have as easy access. He stopped but at some point I turned back around & woke up to him masturbating on my butt. This really bothers me! And it's not the first time he's done something like this. Twice I've had too much to drink, went to sleep & then he tells me the next morning he went down on me while I was passed out. This is not ok. I was drugged & raped when i was 19, my husband knows this. So it bothers me that he would do something like this. Our sex life is pretty healthy (2 times a week I'd say), so it's not like he's being deprivedETA: we have been in counseling for a few months now but this hasn't been addressed yet because we havent had an incident recently. Also to the person who said they would be disappointed with sex only 2 times a week, we have 3 kids ages 12, 6 & 5. So 2 times a week is a lot considering how exhausted I am most the time ha
Yesterday my girlfriend came forth and told me she was raped half a year ago, just before we got together. The rapist hit her and forced her to horrible things. She says it all happened out of the blue, first he punched her and then he just forced her. The worst part is that I kissed her goodbye and drove her to meet up with the rapist... I just have so much anger towards the rapist. I realize this is of course much worse for my girlfriend, and I try to be as supportive as possible, but the thought of the rape terrorize my every moment and I don't know how to get over it. The rape does not affect the way I look at my girlfriend and I do not blame her at all. 
I need help.Two years ago I was sexually assaulted while I was extremely drunk at a party. Fortunately I don't remember too much of the incident, but I do know that my rapist was rough with me and held me down to do what he wanted with me. Ever since that incident I have grown to like rougher sex more and more, especially with choking, holding me down, etc. (Not sure if it's because of the assault or what but maybe it's a weird coping mechanism?). I never had an interest in it before, and this rougher sex has been with my current boyfriend of a year and a half whoI started dating not long after the incident, and we have never once had an issue with me having a flashback to my assault or feeling scared.Well on Friday night, after a night of drinking out with our friends we go to have sex and begin doing our usual rough sex, but this time when he went to slap me and hold me down I felt absolutely terrified and helpless. I ended up having a massive panic attack and crying for almost an hour after it happened.I feel absolutely terrible, and I know my boyfriend felt even worse. He cried with me and felt so disgusted with himself (even though he did nothing wrong, we do this stuff all the time and it was never an issue). He truly is a keeper and I consented to our sex and believe I was not raped/assaulted again. I think being under the influence brought me back to how I felt during my assault and it triggered those emotions I felt during my assault.Since then I have sat him down and told him I am not holding anything against him and we both decided upon a safe word. Even though we have a safe word my boyfriend doesn't want to have rough sex anymore. I'm not sure if it's what's best for me since it could trigger it again in me, but I do really look forward to our sex because it is honestly incredible and exciting.Should I ask him to try it again in a couple weeks? What else should I do? Is there any way I can avoid this again without cutting rough sex out of my life? 
Ok, I don't think I have a right to say I was raped because a lot of people go through much worse. I'm new to this sub, so i don't know this is the right place to post this. Perhaps I'm just venting so bear with me please. Here it goes:I was 16, stupid and depressed. So I met this guy and he offered me  drink. After about two sips or so everything started spinning and I almost blacked out. I know wasn't drunk, it was different. Then, I remember bits and pieces of the night and I don't want to go in full detail but I remember him forcing himself on me. I know I said ok at some point, that's why I'm not sure it was rape. But I remember trying to crawl away and being too weak to push him. World was spinning too fast and I wasn't able to control my body. That's why there was no violence, no actual pain that I can remember. I don't remember if actually lost my virginity that night but I don't think so. But that also includes the question 'what does virginity mean', because I had a lot of firsts that night. I woke up naked in a hotel room with a locked door, and sneaked out the window.The thing is I feel completely neutral about this. I do blame myself for accepting drinks from strangers but now I know not to. I don't hate the guy. I'm not denying it, it happened and it sucks but a lot of things in my life suck. I don't feel depressed at all. I joke about this with close friends. I just don't know if something is supposed to be wrong with me. Maybe it is. Should I even go to a therapist? I feel guilty about mentioning it like a real problem because, as I said, there are a lot of people traumatised by their experiences. And here I am complaining about something that doesn't even affect my daily life. I am very confused. 
The event in her own words "I went upstairs with Guy 1 and Friend of Guy 1 to talk. I needed to pee so i went in Guy 1's room. When I came out of the bathroom it quickly went from making out to Guy 1 striping me down and going down on me, to Guy 1 thinking I owed him something because he did that and I never stopped him so he decided that fucking my drunk ass while i was in tears not consenting. When he was done i got dressed and left."First of all... I don't care that it started out with her cheating with this guy. Talking to her last night I made the mistake of trying to tell her what her options were, report the guy and make sure that if she ever gets into that situation again that she's capable of wreckin' someone/puttin em down, staying in control. Because from my perspective it was literally things going from what she was okay with to what she wasn't okay with. She took it as me blaming her for putting her self in that situation. . . The ONLY part of me that even remotely questions her role in the situation is . . . she should have been able to protect her self. She taken multiple RAD classes, and has gotten out of a rape situation before by cutting a dude (she always carries a knife, last night she left it somewhere with her phone), she's well aware of how to shove someones nose into their face, there were other people in the house too that would've helped her. . . my only question is why she didn't, but I don't blame her. I wasn't there and I wasn't in that situation, but I really don't want to step on that landmine again. **tl;dr : My gf got raped after drunkenly making out with some guy. What do I do now? What do I say ? How do I comfort her?
I was 14, gay boy. He once said to me that I needed to "be a man" but not in the day the "thing" happened. So one day I came home from the school (I was living with my grandparents at the time and my mom and dad never lived together, they broke off when I was a baby) and I was alone with my dad. I remember this day clearly. I was eating cookies, he asked for one and I said no. He comes for me maybe trying to get one but the next thing I know he's hugging me from behind and sticking his finger in my *ss through my clothes. I thought "whoa this is weird why is he doing this? for 1 sec and then I ran to the bathroom and tried to lock the door, but he caught me and then he just kicked me to the floor and that was it.After this nothing ever happened. I never told anyone cuz no one will ever believe me. I don't talk to him anymore. Sometimes I see him in family parties etc but that's it.Edit: I never really understood this moment. Was always a big interrogation point in my head. Sometimes I feel like I'm making such a big deal out of this.
Hi,I stopped my internal denial when I was finally safe, single, and well past the statute of limitations for Washington and Minnesota.I really couldn't admit it to myself until I knew there was no reason to go to the police and until I had actually broken up with the people that did it to me.It would have been too much to show up as a guy at the police station reporting his girlfriend and later his boyfriend. It was easier to just forget than it was to jump straight from long term committed relationships into a rape-instigated breakup.I also feel like I didn't have a bad enough experience to even deserve it being a crime. The experience itself was frozen in fear, the aftermath was shame and guilt for being able to do nothing and actually doing nothing. 
First some background:When I was 18/19 (25 now), I dated a guy I had gone to highschool with. At least, I thought we were dating. He had been sleeping with my "friends" and his ex girlfriend the entire time we were together (about a year), which would have been fine, except told me he wasn't my boyfriend when I found out about it, but when other guys wanted to date me, he decided that he WAS my boyfriend. He ping-ponged back and forth to fit his needs and wants with no regard to my own. I would have been fine with either, it was the manipulation I couldn't deal with. He became ill with some mystery illness and was in and out of the hospital for months. When he wasn't in a hospital bed, he was in mine, I was taking care of him. On the days he felt well, he was off, fucking his ex. And my friends. I suspected this was happening, and when I knew for sure, I ended our relationship - whatever the fuck it was. Afterwards he did the "you can't dump me because I'm dumping you first!" Whatever, guy. The next day, I went over to another guys house, one I was interested in for a while. We hooked up. The day after that, ping pong asshole calls me, says he has some stuff of mine. I told him it was fine to come over to bring it. One thing led to another, and we started fooling around. Shortly after...he pulls a condom out of me. The hookup fucking left the condom in there after he came. And no, I didn't feel anything. I can't feel a tampon, so I sure as shit wasn't going to feel a bunched up piece of rubber. What.the.fuckAfter he pulls it out, he called me every name in the book. This is where I want to know if I was raped. He grabs me, hard by the hair and yanks me around a bit. Then he says "take off your fucking clothes. NOW you fucking slut" I'm sobbing and I comply. He pushes my face into my bed and yanks on my hair again, harder this time and I can feel hair being pulled out in clusters. He makes a point to say something about putting on a condom because I'm obviously disgusting. He starts having sex with me, all while calling me names. Right before he finishes, he pulls out, rips the condom off and starts fucking my mouth as hard as he can. I was crying from the moment he pulled my hair, cried throughout, now gagging and crying. He finishes, pushes me down again. He leaves without saying a word. He told our entire circle of friends (only that he found a condom in me, he left out the part where he fucked me), which was rather large. I told my best friend at the time, besties since 5th grade, that he got violent and made me have sex with him. Her response : "Well, that's what happens when you act slutty". I literally lost all of my friends, it was all over facebook. I attempt suicide by swallowing a bottle of klonopin, and wake up in the hospital. Was I raped? Was he justified? Did I deserve it? I just need an unbiased opinion on this. I have to know. TFW you realize there's a cum filled rubber in your vag. That was there for more than a day. Oh, he messaged me a few months ago and said "hey girl, I would love to hear your voice" and when I told him to go fuck himself, he responded by saying "I'm not hitting on you, I wanted to apologize, geez"That other feeling when you post in sexual assault forums asking for help or advice and everyone tells you to fuck off, stop making fun of rape victims because no one thought this story could have happened, "it's so fucking out there, no way this happened"HalpEdit: I've received a few messages asking me if I sought therapy for this. Saw a therapist. She was wonderful, except whenever I would start to bring this up she just asked me to meditate. She was however, VERY patient with me. I have agoraphobia and fibromyalgia, which meant many missed appointments. The city is sending a caseworker to my house soon, they've caught on to my reclusiveness so they're going to talk to me. I let my front yard go to shit as well, which was a problem for the previous neighbors. I live in a very nice, upper middle class village. Other neighbors are awesome. They bring me pie.I've also been asked if I said no or fought him off. I did not. Before he robbed my roomies at gunpoint, he kept me in his car while he robbed a friend of mine. There was nothing I could do to warn my friend. It was in the middle of nowhere, not sure if being in the city would have made it easier to escape, he had a fucking gun. When you have a crazy gun-toting "boyfriend" your options seem very limited. 
I was raped. There's no easy way to put it,  no easy way to deal with it.  Day to day tasks are the biggest challenge of my life.  Each day I feel worse,  I'm hitting a downward spiral of complete self destruction.  I hate when people tell me it's my fault,  when they bring me down and call me vile and disgusting names. My mental health isn't right I mean for instance I see things that aren't there. My panic attacks are worse. I feel sick everyday. I don't want to be here. Cutting feels like my only release.  No one understands apart from people who have been through this.  I'm sick of it all.
R/relationships has deleted my post.This has really been bothering me and I'm looking for some insight.So lately (a few months) I get really anxious wondering if I have ever been molested as a child. I was diagnosed with BPD, and a lot of times they say when diagnosed, it was because of something that happened during childhood. When I first started going to therapy at 13, I remember a psychiatrist asking me if I had ever been molested and I said "No." And had no thought at all that I'd ever been molested. I also have a past of self harm.I feel this way because sometimes I get uncomfortable being touched by my parents or other family members. Just yesterday my mom had to measure my waist for a dress and I felt really uncomfortable doing that with anxiety of "What if she is attracted to me because SHE molested me??" (I have two younger siblings btw.) I get uncomfortable when I have to hug relatives and my breasts touch them while hugging. When my mom slaps my butt joking around I get like "eww," feeling but I joke back and it goes away. I have never felt this way until recently over the past few months. I don't like having to sleep in the same bed as my parents, it just weirds me out. Just recently when I was pestering my mom when she was showering before she had work, she pulled the shower curtain open to make me run out of her bathroom and to leave her alone. I voiced how that made me uncomfortable and she apologized and said she just wanted me to leave her alone about whatever I was on her case about before she had to go to work. Other than that one time, she never crosses any actual boundaries of mother daughter bonding/love. The only thing I remember also from being a child that I didn't like was when I was about 4/5 she would scratch my back when I was going to sleep and I'd ask her to scratch my armpit (don't ask why I don't know,) and when she did that sometimes got close to my nipple and then I'd put my arm down. Probably accidental but I guess worth noting.I have a  big birth mark on my butt and I remember being about 11 and my mom wanted to check and make sure it wasn't getting bigger and to make sure it wasn't anything to be worried about so I put on a bathing suit and she checked to make sure it was ok and only lasted a few seconds (it's like under my butt cheek sort of close to my vagina.) I didn't like doing that but she wanted to check and make sure I was ok. She assured me I could come to her with any questions I ever had. I also remember showering with her when I was about 8 or 9, but because I had wanted to, and I never felt uncomfortable about it. Me and my mom are closer and more affectionate towards each other than me and my dad.My mom and dad in my mind are amazing parents and do anything for me and my siblings, and my cousin just had a baby and my mom loves her to death. There is nothing in my mind that would make me think my mom or dad ever did anything to hurt me. They look down on child abusers. But I don't know why I am having these feelings and so late in my life. She's never done anything out of normal parenting in my opinion, and has always shown me love and care, but some of these things make me feel uncomfortable and like something may have happened when I was younger to make me feel this way. I love my mom, she's my best friend, and it kills me to think something may have happened to me.I should also mention that my grandma got re-married when I was around 3, to my now grandpa. we see them about 2 days a week.Reddit, what do I do? I love my parents so much and THEY have never given me a reason to feel uncomfortable around them or like they don't have my best interest at heart. I don't want to ever think that they hurt me, but is it possible someone else has and I don't remember, which is why some of the things my parents do make me feel uncomfortable? I just want some answers because it hurts a lot to even begin to think my mom or dad did something to me when all they've ever wanted was the best for me in life.TL;DR; Feel like I was molested as a child but have no memories of such. I have BPD also. Sometimes the things my parents do make me uncomfortable but they have been nothing but the best parents.When I was younger I remember 'experimenting' with a girl friend of mine. We would play house and pretend to be married and just lay naked near each other in one of our beds but that was it. We would never kiss or really touch each other. Just lay really close to each other's "private parts."
My ex husband decided that I was his possession. After months of physical and sexual abuse, our relationship ended. I have blocked out so much. He continued his hold on me by dragging out our divorce. But now, 6 years later, he is being prosecuted by the USAF for raping someone else. I've had to relive my trauma through character testimony of this jackass. I'm constantly living in fear now because of this controlling mind fuck. Last week I was diagnosed with PTSD and an anxiety disorder. I'm a hot mess, and could use friendly advice. I've spent the last few days in a panic because the prosecutors want to subpoena my records to prove that I have PTSD. I feel violated, lost, and fucking out of control. 
So i am a rape survivor with ptsd from a previos incident and im 16 years old. I have been seeing this guy recently and we our sex has been pretty rough overall. But it was always safe and consensual. If i even expressed the tiniest bit of discomfort he would stop. But today i said something kind of mean to him and he flipped out. He pinned me down and started hitting me, choking me, and pulling my hair. This wasnt like him at all and when i started crying ang telling him to stop he just got more angry. He punched me really hard and i almost blacked out. Thats when he forced himself into my mouth. I dont want to go into too much detail but i was crying and begging him to stop. He did stop eventually but when i didnt stop crying he seemed really confused. Apperently he thought we were role playing or something and thats why i was fighting back and crying. I did say stop alot and i was doing everything i could to fight him off. Afterwards he seemed really guilty and held me till i stopped crying even though i told him i wanted to go home. So im just wondering, is this rape? I know he didnt mean to but i still feel very icky about it. Im in alot of pain from him hitting me.
I have been diagnosed with PTSD 15 years after my first rape. I have two friends who want to help but I don't know how to let them. I am currently a student and want to leave university but they wont let me. I just didn't realize how much this part of my life had affected me. I don't know what to do... Any help or advice would be appreciated. Thank you!
i was raped in may last year i was 16 and he was a lot older. i was in shock and i was too scared to do anything about it at the time. now it's been months and i want something to happen, he needs to get some sort of pay back. but i'm scared if i go to the police they won't do anything about it. that was my concern at first but now it's been ages and i'm scared i'd report it and just get laughed at by police.
Hi everyone! So I've been thinking about posting on here for a while, but kind of just delayed until now. I know it's not that strange to have nightmares after you've been raped, but it's three years later for me now. It happened in 10th grade, and I'm now in my first year of college. About 1/2 of the dreams I have are just a replay of the whole thing, and I used to just take sleeping pills to sleep through it, but that doesn't work anymore, and I just wake up  multiple times every night, leaving me exhausted. I also feel terrible because I keep waking up the guy I've been with for a few months now (I kind of bolt up in bed hyperventilating when I have the nightmares). So at this point, I'm really, really desperate to do something about these dreams. Also, disclaimer: I cant go talk to any sort of counseling center, because my college bills go to my parents address- they don't know what happened, and I don't want them to (If they knew I was drunk when it happened in 10th grade, they would just say it's my fault and not think of me as a decent human being.)Thanks so much for any and all advice!
To The Readers:Obviously, I need to explain a bit. I don't need to tell you want happened to me exactly (you all know) and I don't need to tell you who (if you really want to know though, I will) but I will tell you how long - from as far back as I can remember until I will about...sixteen? Fifteen? Seventeen? Around that age. So, it went on for a while, and my memory is messed up due to it. I have weird blackout moments when I can't remember what exactly was going on (though obviously the basics of the 'what' are still there).Also, I was in a similar situation when I was under when I was coerced. I recognize this as my fault (not that I was asking for it, but that I was at an age when I should have known better) but I have a few mild mental disabilities (whether a result of emotional trauma or pre-exsisting, I have no idea) which likely didn't help the situation (also I do know my assailant was in the wrong, but I should have gone to a safe place, again being old enough to do so). Now, I explain all that to explain this. The man I intend to marry (he proposed to little old me!) knows all this and is VERY supportive and loving and just a peach when it comes to all this, but sometimes I become triggered by things around us and he doesn't notice (to be fair to him, there is no outward sign of this until I have a 'meltdown' and by then it's a little late to do anything about it). We've spoken about it and it frustrates us both for several reasons; one, some things only trigger me as part of a chain of events (if X happens and I hear Y and then he Zs) and I have my meltdown, but if X does not happen or Y is not heard I thoroughly enjoy Z. Two, I'm not good at speaking up when I'm in panic mode and it occasionally happens in public which makes it harder for me to calm down.A better example: I see a traumatic event on television (X) one night and am shaken up. Then the next day I overhear an argument (Y) while walking outside. Then he comes home and we sit, we eat dinner, watch TV, and then he steps behind me in the kitchen and casually touches my lower back (Z) which suddenly makes me scream and run away to hide (and then he finds me and talks me back into calmness). Normally I love when he touches my shoulders, my back, or my hands. This confuses him greatly since he wants me to feel safe and loved and close but he can't tell when I'm on the brink of panic. During my childhood I learned to hide what was happening out of shame and thus am VERY good at not giving off any hints something might be wrong.My conflict is this: Right now I can't afford therepy but I can't be panicking like this all the time. It stresses me out for at least three to four days, during which I'm completely on edge and ready to run away and hide, and it distresses him to know that in some way he's caused me pain even though I have tried to tell him it is nothing he is doing. We have tried to work out various signals, we've talked about code words, it's just that sometimes all it takes is a sudden flashback or a loud noise so it's hard to signal that even just a second ago I was completely fine but now I'm on the brink. How have some of you beaten this? Tips, hints? Sometimes I can breathe through it and like I said, he talks me into calmness, but it lingers. Also, I've gotten concerns over my mild mental disabilties, and no worries. I don't need a guardian, and he's not taking advantage of someone who doesn't know any better. It mostly affects...how to put this? A few fine motor skills and issues with my social skills and coping mechanisms, and I don't know if the last two things are more related to my trauma, though I believe it is. Otherwise, I'm a completely functional adult, I pay my own bills and I drive my own car. I am not being exploited.If you have any ideas that might help me, please tell me!-A Lost GirlEDIT: I forgot to mention that for a long time I dealt with the panic and pain by repeating a mantra. I would tell myself "I am dead, so I feel nothing; I am dead, and the dead do not feel; I am dead, so I cannot be hurt." After a while my panic would go away and I would convince myself I could feel nothing. However this led to...well, unpleasent thoughts of how my death might be brought about, and after a while I realized I needed to stop telling myself to be dead lest I might push myself in that direction. 
I originally posted in r/relationships but it got removed. I need help. The other night I slept at my boyfriends. I'm 22 he is 21 and we have been together 2.4 years. In the middle of the night I woke up to him fingering me). I was still half asleep but pretending to sleep and made attempts to get him off such as squeezing my legs together and rolling away. He continued. The next morning I asked and he lied and said I initiated it by making out with him (which I know didn't happen). He is unapologetic and is giving me responses such as ok and essentially insinuating that I am lying or am not remembering what actually happened. I'm super confused about this because There was some drinking involved that night. This has happened (sober) once before where he actually finished, fixed my clothes back, and pretended to sleep. Reddit, please helpTl;dr my boyfriend of 2.4 years fingered me while I was sleeping and denies it 
Maybe I'm overreacting, I almost always feel like I'm overreacting. I feel my emotions in such a strong way, they feel almost dramaticA few months ago I made a post about how my rapist was dying. That ended up being one of his sick pleas/rumours to getting more attention from girls, typical of him. I'm okay now, thank you all for your advice and suggestions. You were all so amazing. But, that's not what this post is about. So, about a year and a half ago I was raped by someone a little younger than me. Because of the age difference, the lack of evidence, and the lack of violence I was unable to report. We're both on our school's debate teams and, therefore, we see each other almost every weekend. I know what you might be thinking, "Just quit debate." Yeah, that would be easy, but I would feel like I lost that battle- and debate is one of my coping strategies. I use it to speak out about a lot of injustices and make my voice heard. Despite debate being one of my coping mechanisms, seeing him every weekend is really hard. Hearing him laugh about me to his friends is really hard. Seeing people I thought were my friends talking to him is really hard. Seeing people I'm friends with talk and make friends with people who actively support him is hard. God, I just feel so alone. I feel like I don't have anyone. It seems like everyone I talk to or make friends with is somehow directly or indirectly acquainted to him- and it's so hard! I just want him out of my life. I don't know how to cope with these feelings anymore. I don't know how to cope with seeing him anymore. I don't know how to feel okay. I just want someone who loves and supports me. I want someone who sides with me. I want someone to choose me. 
This is kind of hard for me to explain since I don't really know what happened, but I'll try my best. Last night there was a huge party, and I admit that I got very drunk as I hadn't drank in awhile and forgot my tolerance level. Most of the night I was with some friends (This is a big Greek community so everyone knows each other) but eventually I left because my friend looked to be having fun with a guy. This is where stuff kinda starts to get blurry. I remember seeing this guy who I've had sex with before (almost always while drunk) He tried kissing me and stuff but I just walked away I think, then a few minutes alter he caught up to me. This is where stuff starts to get more blurry, and I'm not exactly sure how long all of this took because time gets pretty messed up when you drink. Anyways, I remember me telling him that I didn't want to, and I remember him pulling me up the stairs to I think the sleeping porch. We passed another guy I knew on the stairs and I don't remember if I said anything, then all I remember was being on the bed. At this point I know I was crying pretty hard and telling him "no" and other stuff, but it's a pretty vague memory. Then I remember a guy knocking on the door for awhile and yelling to let him in and either getting in or the guy with me opening it. I'm pretty sure he told me to put my pants back on, then it's kinda really a blur. The guy at the door took me from the room, I think, and I don't recall getting down all the flights of stairs but I was walked home. My house was right across the street, and the guy who walked me home was the same guy I had passed on the staircase. He apologized for either what happened that night, or freshman year when we had a little thing together. I wasn't sure by that point, I remember I just kept saying "it's okay, and I'm okay." Then I went inside.You know when you drink too much and you wake up with ghost memories? Like you're pretty sure something happened but it's just faint? I'm pretty sure I remember him actually like being inside of me, but I'm not sure. I don't know if this counts as rape or not, and I really want to know what happened but the only people that would know are me, the guy, and the people who stopped it.When I got back inside two girls called me into the living room, I'm assuming because I was either still crying or looked like I had been. They told me to say what happened, saying that "it must have been pretty bad for three betas (the fraternity) to walk you home." I'm assuming they were behind me and the other guy so that's why I didn't notice. I feel bad posting this, because it wasn't like it was violent. He's a pretty strong guy but if I tried to punch him he probably would've stopped, and I'm not even 100% sure he penetrated me.I just really need advice on the whole information aspect. I think not know is the worst part, and I really want to find out everything.EDIT: now I'm just super overthinking, and I read some horrible articles about rape. Is it really possible that this might not have happened and that I drunk imagined it? Obviously something made me super upset that night, and the guys were apologizing and shit, but what if the guy who might have raped me actually stopped at me crying? How would I know, should I ask him?
now alot of this is still fuzzy, but been remembering latley. at age 6-9 a male cousin made me do oral and preformed oral on me he was 12 or 14 at the time.... at age 13- his sister age 17 took advantage of me sex and mutual oral on about 5 times...and at age 14 i had sex with my sisters friend who was 22 about 20 times.. now i might get some hate here.... but none of it bothers me....now its coming all back. ive accepted it, its esaier with the 2 girls, obviosly. even with my cuz, yea i know its blood, but shes at least a 9. so im like whatever. but with my guy cuz its a lil harder, i see some residual damage. like i have a m4m residual oral fasination. so im kinda bi... about 80-20. but the one thing i understand is i had a choice in it all. i could have told. i wasent scared. i wasent a lil kid. even at 6 yrs old, i was a big kid. i prolly could have kicked my cuz ass.  i wont let myself hate my self or dwell on past actions. i learned from them and i think im a better man for it.. if you have any questions please pm me
Scream and shoutsound bouncing in this dark voidCry and fightthe uselessness of even tryingTrapped in a voidTrapped in your mindTrapped in you thoughtsthe nightmares you makeHanging on by a threadpleading with a hoarse voicegiving up letting goHope weights you donemakes the struggle so much harderthe false ideas the false valuesA mind that wandersskipping idilly through the memoriesChoosing only to show bits and piecesleaving the darker parts to be rememberedAn attack suddenly triggered by just a tougha shower made to come forward by just the ideaa life being destroyedby the memories that hideA shadow followsnever truly leavingalways slightly touchingThe power to break freejust in reachthe last bit of road to recoveryBut this is your choicethis is your lifenever let the evil take controlnever lose who you areto the events that were never yours to choose.
   Okay, so this happened to me about four years ago while I was a freshman in college. I had been dating a guy for a few weeks, and it moved very fast. I was a virgin before I met him and I thought I was in love. Most nights I stayed with him at his house, and we had sex almost every night. I don't remember much of it, but I vaguely remember not really wanting to a bunch of the time. I don't know whether I told him I didn't want to or not, so I'm not asking about that.    I do remember one night specifically though. I was having a bad day, and I really wanted to stay in my own room that night because I didn't want to have sex. I even told one of my friends to stop me from going over to his house, because I knew if he asked me to leave with him I would. So of course he asked me, and my friend to her credit, did try to stop me. He must have used the charm I thought he had though, and I changed my mind about wanting to leave (I wanted a warm body to cuddle, but I still didn't want sex) I told her it was going to be okay, because I wasn't bringing any condoms with me, so we wouldn't do anything.    Well, when we go to his room, he started making moves. I told him I didn't want to, and I hadn't brought any condoms anyway so we couldn't. He pulled one of his own out, that I didn't know he had, and he kept asking me. I had to have said 'no' like five or six times, but he eventually said he didn't want to do it either but it hurt him and he wanted it to stop. I knew it was bull shit, but I said okay and it happened. Afterwards he left the room and I called a different friend and bawled my eyes out.    I told him 'okay' so I gave permission, and I knew I we always had sex when I went over. I'm very uncomfortable still thinking about that night in particular because I don't know if it really was rape or not. Am I just a dumb girl who regrets a night and cries rape?
I am utterly devastated & confused. My mom just told me he did it one when 10 and once 14. We have 2 kids & she would often sleep over. We would all sleep together.He says he would never. I want to believe him but why would she make that up? She's been keeping it in 4 years.  The problem is, he does that in his sleep. So whether or not he did it, he may have still done it & she feels that way. I have no idea what to think or do. We have been together 10 years & I would never think he would do this. But I am also hoping I'm not rationalizing on my mind so I feel like I don't have to disrupt my whole life Being that I was molested as a child I can't even begin to think how she must be feeling. She held it in all this time because she didn't want to hurt me . I feel like garbage. Even though I knew he grabbed & touched e in his sleep I would never think he'd do it to my little sister. Is this even something that happens?
My girlfriend was sexually assaulted by a stranger in a public place when she was very young (7-8). She never told anyone except me and a friend of hers. She says she has dealt with it herself, and that does appear to be true. Last year she returned to the place where it happened without incident. Recently however she has been having very frequent and very graphic dreams of being raped, often by people she knows in real life. This is seriously affecting her- she feels guilt- for having sex dreams about guys other than her boyfriend, and for having dreams wherein innocent people are framed as rapists. She has never stated the link between her childhood incident and her dreams, and the one time I suggested it she dismissed it. Several times in the past I have said I would support any action she took, be it going to the police, therapy or anything else. She has said she doesn't want to do either of those things, and of course I support that 100%. However lately, with her dreams becoming more of a problem, I suggested therapy again, but she said that she does not want to.To put it plainly, I think therapy could help her a lot, or at least trying it would be a step in the right direction. However I would of course never "force" her to do anything. I've stopped suggesting it, but I've made clear that I would be willing to help out in any way possible if she chose to try therapy. I trust her to deal with it herself- she's the kind of person who is able to do so.Yeah I don't really even know what I'm asking. Is there anything I should do more or less of? Felt good to get this off my chest I guess.
My ex boyfriend, who I was still together with at the time whom I'd already planned to break up with while he was away on holiday (I NEVER EVER break up over text ect) with his family got back the same day he picked me up from a small house party of friends where I got the drunkest I've ever been in my life (great job friends). I was trying to fall asleep all over the place and spilling water over myself as my friends tried to keep me awake and sober me up - a real state. He arrived to take me home (not that I wanted him to, but I was in too bad a state to make much of a protest) - I remember very little of what followed. My only evidence of what ensued that night after I got home was a serious hangover, a bucket of sick, a cum-stained pjyama top and a soaked bed in one spot. I have a vauge memory of him throwing water over me as I was trying to sleep and yelling something at me about our relationship, then leaving. Now that we have broken up he claims I forced him to have sex with me.Given what I know I doubt I could have been very forceful or... Well capable of physically forcing him to have sex with me.But I guess I want an impartial opinion - you can ask for more details if you need to make that call.
I recently started seeing this girl about 2 weeks ago after talking online, and we've gotten to know each other pretty well and we get along great. We both like each other and share many interests. However, she told me yesterday that she is being threatened, physically hurt and abused, and raped by an ex boyfriend, presumably for about a year now. She refuses to accept help, and says that she is too scared to do anything. This morning he came over and raped her again. She keeps saying that it sucks but there's nothing she can do. I told her she can do so much such as use a rape kit, record physical injuries, record conversations, and more. I have seen some of the texts he has sent her, and it truly hurts me. He says things such as, "You deserved it," and "Don't EVER disrespect me like that again," after which she apologizes.She says she feels pity for him and that he's generally a nice person but is merely sick, but this sounds like a Stockholm syndrome of some sort to me. They have rules such as no screaming, he can't punch her in the face, and more that I don't really know yet. She says he has videos of her crying as he forces her to have sex with him, and that saying "no" or "stop" will be punished.I've told her she can file a restraining order, contact a sexual assault victim advocate, or go directly to the police, but she says she is too scared and that her mind is set that she won't do anything. What should I do? A month ago she tried killing herself, and she is going through severe depression currently. She is also in the pornography business (and she started as an actress at only 17), if this makes any difference. Her stepfather was also very abusive, but he is in prison for life and she has scars such as cigarrette burns from his injuries.WHAT CAN I DO? TL;DR: I need help how to convince this girl that life is worth living and that she should persecute her repeated rapist.
So we have been dating for a very short time (< a month). We met last year in college and over the course of that year our friendship developed into what it is now. Last week she tells me that before we met she had been raped by a (no longer) friend of hers. She no longer has contact with this person, which is good. Considering what she went through, she seems in a relatively good state. She did mention that afterwards she was in a very depressed state and has even struggled with depression before this even occurred. Prior to her opening up and telling me I would have never guessed that something like this would have happened to her.I'm not worried about the inability of her to get close and personal with me, because I feel like we already are. She's very comfortable with me and was actually very open about it when she felt like it was a good time to tell me.This is a brand new kind of situation for me. I have never had a SO who went through something as serious as this. When she first told me, my mind was racing. And even still, just the thought of her going through that makes angry/sad/pissed/insertstrongemotionshere. Part of me wants to talk to her more about and reassure her (again) that I'm here for her. I feel like she knows that I'm a very supportive person, but I just want to do as much as possible for her. But at the same time, I feel like bringing it up is a big no-no and she has expressed how she has mostly moved on from it.I think mainly I just feel so bad for her. She is such a sweet girl who absolutely didn't deserve what happened to her. My blood starts to boil and I can feel my face turn red just thinking about it.What can I do to reassure her, as well as settle my own emotions about it?TL;DR My GF was raped before we met, she's mostly okay and has moved past it, but it is new to me and I'm still trying to sort out my emotions.**also, this was my first post on this subreddit, so forgive me if I made any mistakes D:
**tl;dr: Got drunk at a party. My best friend's rapist talked to me, telling me he missed me/our friends, I got upset and yelled at him. A mutual friend of mine and my best friend approached me and I told him what happened. Now he feels the need to report it because he, my best friend, and her rapist are all military. I fucked up.** I realize being drunk is not an excuse. You have no idea how much I regret this. I betrayed her trust and shared a huge secret that was not mine to share. I feel awful and I wish I could take it back. So a couple months ago, my best friend (and future roommate) Audrey (19F) confided in me that Sam (20M) raped her. They are both in our school's ROTC program and they are both contracted. So is our mutual friend Tom (22M). I am not military.Background:About a year ago, we had a pretty solid friend group with Sam, Tom, Audrey, me and some others. One day, Sam bragged to me that he slept with Audrey. I confronted Audrey and she became upset and denied it. This caused a rift in our friend group. One friend, who we'll call Doucheface, decided that calling Audrey a slut and excommunicating both Sam and Audrey from the friend group was the way to go. (We previously told Sam not to go after any of the girls in the group because we all had a good friendship thing going and Audrey was a vulnerable freshman with no prior boy experience). I kept in contact with both Sam and Audrey despite Doucheface's disapproval (he is now excommunicated from my life because he's controlling and abusive, but that's a different story). Eventually, Audrey was "let back in" to the friend group but we all individually decided that Sam was a manipulative asshole and we didn't want to be friends with him (for different reasons than his "taking advantage of" Audrey, no one knew at this time what really happened). Audrey was often disturbed and depressed. She got black out drunk one night and cried about Sam, but never gave me any details. She just told me she regretted getting close to him and that she wanted to die.Fast forward to a couple months ago.Audrey calls me and wants to meet up. We get together and she tells me that Sam had actually raped her. They were drunk and she said no while they were having sex, he made her bleed, and his reasoning was Audrey "said yes while she was sober, so it was okay." Only Audrey, her boyfriend (also military) and I know.Now to a week ago.I was at a party and Sam came over and started talking to me. I was really drunk and so was he. I told him I didn't really want to be around him and that he should go talk to someone else. He said he missed me and our friend group, he kept flirting and complimenting me, and he said he was sorry for what he did to Audrey, that he shouldn't have tried to bang her when she was so naive. At this point, I lost my shit. I screamed at him that I hated him and that I knew what he did (I never actually said the word "rape") and that I could never forgive him for being such a horrible human being and hurting my best friend. He kept saying that he wanted another chance at our friendship and that he was sorry for what he did to Audrey, but it was completely mutual thing and that if I'm mad at him still about it that I should also be mad at her. At this point, I walked away fuming. The party was loud and I don't think anyone heard our conversation but Tom saw me get all worked up. He came over to talk to me. I ended up breaking down and telling him that Sam did a horrible thing. He guessed what it was and I couldn't hide my reaction, he knew.We talked when we were sober and he told me that he has to report it to the military, it's his legal and moral duty. Sam is going to be in a position of authority next year over Audrey and then afterwards he will go into the military as an officer. He wants Sam to be punished and kicked out of the military so that he can't abuse/rape/assault any more women. I see his point, but this involves dredging up old memories for Audrey, putting her through hell, as well as letting her know that I broke her trust. She's not a very trusting person to begin with, it took a lot for her to tell me and I fucked it up. I feel awful and I don't think she would ever forgive me for this. Which is fair, I did a terrible, terrible thing and if I could go back in time, I would. But I can't, which is why I'm coming here to you people! Tom is set on reporting it, as he is in a position of authority this year and he feels it's his responsibility. I've tried talking him out of it, but he's going to his superior tomorrow to talk about "hypotheticals" and then he's going to talk to Audrey.**tl;dr: Got drunk at a party. My best friends rapist talked to me, telling me he missed me/our friends, I got upset and yelled at him. A mutual friend of mine and my best friend approached me and I told him what happened. Now he feels the need to report it because he's military. I fucked up.**
I have been thinking a lot lately about something that happened to me years ago, and I just need to talk about it. I feel like I need an opinion, or validation, on what it was exactly that happened to me. This was 8 years ago, at a New Years Eve party. One of my best friend's coworkers was throwing a house party. Pretty typical high school party with beer, hard liquor, and about 20-30 people. I didn't know a single person there other than my best friend and another friend who came with us. Now, at this time in my life I was discovering alcohol and knew I liked how carefree I felt when drunk. I didn't know enough to sense I was at my limit and should stop drinking. Basically, I got to the point of drunk where I swayed when I walked and laughed at everything, super drunk.I was also pretty insecure with myself, and liked how alcohol made my inhibitions around guys disappear. There was one (we'll call him Mark) who I had made out with for a while in the kitchen. Cut to a bit later and Mark, myself, another girl, and two other guys are in the backyard hot tub. Even though people are around Mark and I are still making out and getting a little touchy. Fully my choice, I was drunk and a teenager and it felt like a good idea. I feel like it's relevant to mention I was a virgin and had never done more than make out and let a guy touch my chest.I had been consistently drinking, and was still pretty drunk at this point. I know Mark and I were kissing for a while, and I sort of remembered the other people in the hot tub leaving, which left Mark and I completely alone. Things get a bit fuzzy and I remember us moving into a different position in the hot tub, and then it feels like time passes, and next I remember he was inside me. It was really brief, no longer than maybe a minute? I don't think I said no, or yes, but it stopped and I remembered just going back inside to the party. It was before midnight, an the next hour or two was spent drinking more and playing beer pong with everyone. I wish I could say this was it, but the next part of what happened is actually what bothers me most. A little before midnight another few people arrive, and with them is a guy named "Jack". I had never met any of these people before, and Jack was very cute. Again, I was very insecure, hormones were raging, and alcohol gave me the power to be flirty and more open. I hung around Jack and we clearly flirted with one another for a while. Still very drunk, he asked me to go outside with him. I think it's important to mention Jack didn't drink much at all, and seemed pretty sober. By this time no one was out there, and it's pretty secluded from the main party area. I agreed, and will be fully honest in saying I knew something sexual would probably happen. We started kissing and I stopped to say I was cold. He gave me his sweater-jacket and we continued kissing. His hands were under my bra, and we were moving against each other. Things get a little hazy here, but the next thing I can remember is his fingers inside me. It literally felt like he "jammed" them up inside me and just kept jackhammering away. Even though it was uncomfortable I didn't ask him to stop. I don't even remember him ever unzipping his pants, but next thing I know he's inside me. I'll never forget this, as it was extremely uncomfortable and he just kept pushing it in and out really aggressively. At this point I sincerely didn't realize we were having sex. I know that sounds incredibly ignorant, and it was. I had zero experience and little to no education on the subject. He kept switching from jamming himself inside me to thrusting his fingers in me. Looking back and having knowledge now, I feel like he was trying to get me wet, because it couldn't have been comfortable for him either. After this had been going on for a while, it finally dawns on me that what we're doing is sex. I wasn't really sure how I felt about it. It wasn't fun and it didn't feel good. I didn't know what to do, but figured I had to continue since it was already happening. I thought maybe since we were standing on the edge of a picnic table that we were doing it wrong. I thought we should lay down on the patio. We tried that, but I was so drunk it didn't work out well. He stood us up again back to our edge of table position. Even that night, I couldn't remember if he finished in me or even at all. I remember being left out there in the cold, confused. I went back inside and grabbed my best friend and tried to explain that I think I just had sex. We were both drunk and it was so hard to explain because it was so new and so much to process. Jack avoided me for the rest of the night. The party died down and a lot of people left, including him. I crashed at the house with my friends. The next few days, I re-told my friends about Jack, but was so embarrassed I never mentioned being uncomfortable or unhappy. I played it off as a fun way to lose my virginity to a cute guy. I've never even told anyone about what happened in the hot tub with Mark. A few months ago I stumbled upon an article about a victim of sexual assault talking about how she didn't think what happened to her was actually assault. It literally felt like a bell rang off in my head, I immediately was brought back to this night. I can't stop thinking about what happened. I went for so many years just thinking I had made several bad decisions on that night. I don't know if what I encountered was rape? Would it even make a difference thinking of that night as an assault? I feel like I'm to blame, I never said no and willingly let these encounters continue? I really just can't figure out what to think of this all. This all happened 8 years ago, and I feel too sheepish to talk to my friends about it. I just want to know how other people see my experience. I need to feel like I'm not crazy in thinking maybe this wasn't all my fault? 
Is it sexual assault if a) I was asleep and when I woke up and said no, the person continued because "I just can't help myself, you're so sexy" b) at one point, early in the relationship when the sex was so good it made me stupid, I said to this person flippantly "oh, you can do whatever you want to me whenever you want to". More than once I had woken to this person penetrating or licking me while I was out cold and I would often freeze and not be able to voice any consent or lack of.I am not with this person anymore.  They left me suddenly and it has taken many years to excavate their damages.I realize this is a loaded and fractured query but six years later it's still haunting me and apparently I need validation from strangers that I'm not crazy for still feeling used and degraded.
This is really hard. I'm an adult now, i'm married and i have children and a college degree and a job. I feel like this dark heavy presence is following me around effecting my life. I really dont know where this will go, if anywhere. I just need to put it out there. Its not written grammatically correct, im just spilling my feelings out.As a child my father sexually molested me. He went to prison when they found out about him molesting other girls, but when i told my mom at 7 years old about what he did to me, she told me i was a liar. and i made it up. she made me feel like i was trying to put him in prison for even longer, which really hurt me deeply... because he was all i had. its really hard to understand without knowing my mom and my relationship.... she was always very jealous of me. She told me as a child that men paid more attention to me than her. She only worshiped my exterior beauty. and growing up thats all i felt i was worth. when my father and her divorced when i was a child i wanted to go with him. Becuase he is the only one who showed me love, even if it wasnt the right kind. After he was taken to prison she told me that my siblings were mommys kids and i was a daddys girl, and thats why i would never fit in with the family. i felt broken. and i still feel broken from that...so then she marries another man who was a meth head and liked having me and his kids take showers together. she would wash me when i was plenty old to me washing myself. He killed our rabbits and took all of our photos and memories and cloths and burned them in a bit in the back yard. he held a knife to my brothers throat and put salt all inside our car so we couldnt leave. i hate him. and she knew these things and ignored them. she again allowed them to happen...then years later another man came into her life. he was just like the others but by this time i was twelve and finally old enough to stand up for myself. i kicked him and screamed at him and finally finally... just said something. He left my mom a few days later 4 days before her wedding. She blamed me, she said I that I! was responsible for him leaving him. after this i began running away and staying with older men. i became addicted to cocaine and slept with anyone, just hoping for someone to love me. i attempted suicide, unsuccessfully. and just felt broken becuase i couldnt even do that right. at sixteen i got pregnant. I went back to highschool and was isolated. i just wanted to die. I ate lunch in the nurses office every day so i wouldnt be alone. i graduated early and moved out with my daughter and got my degree and met my husband and had another baby and life is supposed to just be happily ever after right? Why cant it just be like that? Why is everything still haunting me. I have nightmares and my anxiety is just getting worse and worse. I cant handle things like i use to be able to. i mean, I am taking care of my mom now becuase everyone has abandoned her and shes loosing her mind. I just want to be free from all of this mess. I just want to enjoy my life, and be happy with everything i have been blessed with. But i cant. im broken. and its effecting everything. i just want to be free, and i dont know what to do. If you've read this far, thank you. its just nice to vent or be heard. Do you ever with you could just start over? Have a new, normal, happy life? I wish my heart wasnt so heavy... I feel so alone. Eventhough on the outside looking in, my life looks wonderful... and it is! it should be.. just the darkness inside of me is overwhelming me.. thanks again for listening. 

My gf's coworker is about 7 months pregnant and her boyfriend does drugs, beats her, threatens to kill her and rapes her. He doesn't work, freeloads off of her and she feels that all this is normal. I know nothing can be done about the free loading and not working, but there has to be something to be done about the abuse and rape besides taking matters into my own hands. We fear that once the child is born he will do the same to her and the child. Is there anything that can be done besides just calling 911? I feel thats not the proper thing to do since its for immediate emergencies.
So I posted this in relationships but it got removed for being about rape, this is kind of annoying because I don't want support/advice about the actual rape, just the problem that has arisen since then, but I'll give it a try here! Last year I went on holiday, I spent half of it with a female friend and half of it travelling alone, I don't really want to go into detail because the question I have isn't really concerning the actual event, but basically I was raped repeatedly by a man I met there who I'd gone travelling with for a few days (I made a lot of stupid decisions and basically did everything the guide books tell you not to).I was in shock at the time and didn't really accept that it had been 'real' rape until the last couple of months (8 months later), after the first time it happened I kind of resigned myself to the situation because I was in a foreign country in the middle of nowhere with him where there was no transport, so literally had no way of getting away for a few days (I know I'm an idiot for getting into this situation in the first place). Most times I kept up the physical resistance (hitting and pushing him, trying to get away) and saying no and crying and not moving but other times I thought it's going to happen anyway so I actually took an active role (going on top), didn't put up any fight and made out as if i was enjoying it just to get it over with quicker (and i guess to convince myself that I wasn't actually being 'raped' and was in control of the situation)Once we got back to civilisation I willingly spent time with him even though I had other options and never had to see him again at that point. I was in total denial that I had been raped, went back home and continued talking to him sporadically via social media. I didn't tell anyone I knew about it and even now if he comes up (there are pictures of us together), I say what a nice guy he was and how nothing happened between us.It's relevant here that he is from a culture that has very different ideas about women and sex than in the West and he has very little access to internet/any other resources. I know that's not an excuse and I realise it's totally patronising to suggest that men from certain cultures don't know that rape is wrong, but his culture combined with an upbringing of relative poverty and absolutely zero education on sex means that he wouldn't accept that what he did was rape (or even have a concept that rape is anything other than by a stranger with a knife in an alley).So FINALLY this brings us to my current dilemma. Last week I saw he has set up a business being a tour guide for western tourists. It seems that it involves doing basically what we did and that the sleeping arrangements will be the same (sleeping in a room in locals houses, sleeping in a tent).After trying to block these memories out of my mind for so long and put it all behind me, seeing this made me panic massively. I feel absolutely awful that there is even a small chance that something similar could happen to other women, the few pictures he's put up have been young women. I keep thinking 'well I could just be a one off', I've been sexually assaulted before by men from my own country and never felt the need or the obligation to tell other women they know about it.I feel that if I do nothing about this I will think about it for the rest of my life and it's really bothering me on a day to day basis. I thought about sending him a message framed as trying to give him business advice 'In my culture it's seen as unprofessional to share a tent or a room with someone who you're paying for a service, especially for young women, maybe you should try and provide other options?', but his written english is so bad that I doubt he would understand. I've also thought about maybe reaching out to one of the many young women travellers on his facebook and asking them if they'd had a similar experience to me, but I would have no idea how to go about it and am so uncomfortable having the experience linked to my real name and face, given that I've told noone about it. I have no idea about any kind of law enforcement or trading standards in that country but seriously doubt I could do anything about it through official channels if I tried.Basically I'm at a total loss as to what to do. I feel morally obligated to at least try and stop this happening to other women, but can't think of anything effective. Also in the back of my mind there is this nagging voice saying that I'm making a big deal out of it and why did I act like I was enjoying it and choose to spend more time with him if it was really that bad? Obviously I've put off dealing with my emotions regarding the actual rape and I need to do something about that, but at the moment I just need any ideas/advice on how to deal with the whole tour guide situation, obviously I can't talk to anyone I know about it and the idea that there could be a young woman getting on a plane right now so excited about her holiday with no idea what's going to happen to her totally haunts me.tl;dr: Got raped on holiday, now the man has started a tour guide business, worried he will do it again and I'm totally stuck for ideas on how to stop it.
A little (quite long) personal story that may be a little graphic:TLDR: was technically molested by brothers friend, then had very creepy "relationship", which ended in him trying to pull me into an apartment to have sex.When I was 14 I was at my brother's friends house. A whole lot of people were there for his niece's birthday,  including my brother and little sister. I ended up meeting one of my brother's friends (let's call him Neco) who I took a fancy to and followed him around like a lost puppy.  I was (and still am) 5 foot 2 and he was 6 foot 4 and 19. We ended up talking and ending up in the pool alone.He was in the air foce and baked and seemed so interesting. I was a hormone ridden hornball and the light flirting was fun, I thought I was ready for whatever might happen.So it comes down to him asking if I want to play truth or dare. I'm not stupid and I knew where it was going, but I agreed because I liked the idea of getting sexually candid. I thought we'd be asking the silly "do you masturbate?" Type questions and giggle like schoolgirls. I wasn't popular with guys at the time and we had JUST met each other a few hours ago, so I didn't expect much to come out of it.So we play a few rounds of us picking truth and sharing. He did what I expected and asked if I touched myself, how often, etc. He asks what my bra size was. I had a D cup at the time, I developed quickly. It was then my turn again and I picked dare. He asked me to flash him. I was expecting this and thought I was going to be able to do it. I was incredibly shy and thought I wanted to, so I ended up derailing the conversation for a solid 45 minutes (those deflection skills, tho) before I finally flashed him.The game was over. He said since I flashed it was only fair if he flashed me. It was the first time I'd ever seen a penis in real life. He was gifted, so to speak, and honestly it scared me.After that he dares me to let him feel my boob. I agreed and he had me turn so my back was facing him and he reached around. This was too intimate and I started to feel guilty and didn't really want to continue with our game anymore, but at the same time I was aroused and excited and wanted to continue. I blame being a horny and shy teen, but who knows.So next it was "only fair" that I feel him. He pulled it out and I stared at it like it was gonna bite, with my arms clamped to my chest like a t-rex. He grabbed my hand and placed it on him, then he moved my hand up and down to show me how to please a man. I wasn't aroused anymore and I wanted to go inside.My brother and his friends came out to collect us for singing and cake and I was so relieved. As I was getting dressed I was processing everything and honestly didn't want to leave the bathroom. Someone rattled the doorknob and I heard Neco's voice and I started to panic and almost cried.After we sang happy birthday I went outside and Neco followed and we were talking and he was talking about sexual things we could do it the future. Then my sister and I were driven home.Fast forward a week or so. I found Neco online and I had pushed my negative feelings out of my head. We started talking on MySpace and things started innocently enough. We quickly started talking on the phone and he kept being sexual. This wasn't too bad, but on our very first talk on the phone he asked me to do something completely awkward. I get heeby and won't type it in detail, but it involved a brush, my business, and the phone being near my business. I told him I wasn't comfortable doing it, but he talked me into it.He then started badgering me about nudes. Again, I didn't want to do this and I made up excuses about our camera being in the pawn shop. But he would relentlessly badger me about them. After months of badgering I finally sent him pics of me shirtless with a bra on. He said that next time I can be braless. He was starting to get annoyed and it scared me.About a week after we started talking he decided we were boyfriend/girlfriend. He didn't ask. I thought this was sweet, but I was just excited to have a boyfriend.He would always try to arrange for us to meet, but I knew what would happen and the thought of seeing him again gave me anxiety.This be the finale:We've been "together" for 6 months now, I've successfully avoided seeing him in person, but he decides to come to my house to see me.My excuses aren't working. I tell him that I'm supposed to go see my friend tomorrow, but he decides to come over early to hang out before I go.He does and I lay in bed forever not wanting to get up, but when I do I (stupidly) decide we should go outside. We walk around my apartment cpmlex and I mention my birthday is in a few weeks.He asks if I'm turning 18.No.He asks if I'm turning 17.No.He asks how old I'm going to be.15.He seems shocked that I'm only 14. He tells me he's about to turn 20. I mention that if anyone found out about us he could get into trouble with the law.He then stops in front of an open apartment that is being worked on for future tenants.He says we should go inside.Why? ( know why, but I'm starting to get nervous)To have sex.I don't really want to.He says it will be fine.I'm afraid to get caught.He walks into that apartment to show me that no one will know, he walks back over to me.If we get caught, you'll get arrested.He trusts that I won't tell anyone.I forgot to mention that we are on the second floor. He grabs my hand and I quickly reach out and grab the railing. He's now pulling on my arm really hard to try to get me into the apartment. I'm about to cry and I'm panicking. I think of any excuse except to try to avoid this, except for the honest fact that I don't want to have sex.He says it'll be fun and we should do it.I'm afraid it will hurt.He promises he'll be gentle. I don't want to lose my virginity in an empty apartment.He says no one's first time is storybook perfect.I just don't want to.Come on, it's gonna be great!I didn't know what else to do, so I told him that I would scream for help if he didn't let me go. He did and laughed and said he was only joking. I was shaking and on the verge of tears, so I started back toward my apartment then sat down to try to compose myself. You could see me from the front door, I was only 15 feet away.He sat in front of me and started making jokes and talking normally, and I started to join the conversation. He said he thought my boobs were really nice and that's why he thought I was older. I laughed and said I got that a lot. He then said he wanted to see them and pulled the top of my tank top down and exposed my bra to the whole world. I was pissed and jumped up while he laughed at me. I told him that, that was fucked up and out of line. My sister walked out of our place just after I fixed my shirt and said we should go to my friend's.We left and shortly after I broke things off with him. I thought I wanted everything, but it became apparent that wasn't true. I don't know if I have right to say I was molested by him. I don't know if I have a right to feel negatively about this because I was on board with the touching and I said he could. I know I couldn't legally consent at my age, but I was okay with it.It wasn't until I was around 17 and I told this story to my boyfriend at the time, that I realized I felt negatively about it. Talking about it gives me a little anxiety, but I really don't know if it's warranted. A few years ago I moved back to that apartment complex and being near that apartment made me have a little bit of a panic attack.I don't know if I'm justified in feeling like this, especially since I okayed being touched, but it took me a little while to actually process what happened and to actually come to terms with it. It doesn't help that thinking back on this is arousing and I used to fantasize about what would've happened if I couldn't hold on. It's not something that has really impacted me, but I feel so many conflicting emotions.I guess my motivation for writing this novel is trying to find validation. I look back on it and it makes me feel sick, but I don't know if I have a right to feel like that given the other circumstances, especially since it wasn't that bad compared to some things that happen to others. I'm just trying to make sense of it, and my feelings.I feel taken advantage of. I feel manipulated to a degree. I feel confused. I'm frustrated with myself because I normally know myself better than this. But I also get aroused when I think about this sometimes. And I feel apathetic about it while feeling anxiety about it. I can't make heads or tales of my feelings and it's frustrating. Especially since it's been 7 years. I tale to my ex best friend about this because she had been molested, too, but she was much younger when it happened. She didn't say anything about it, and I dropped it quickly because I felt selfish talking to her about it. What happened to her was worst in my mind.Thank you to anyone who actually read that entire story. I put the short version at the top to spare people all of that reading. If you've got any advise it would be greatly appreciated, cause I sure don't know.
I can't get over this. I can't help feeling like this was my fault. I've done bad things while drunk. I mad this thread a while ago: https://www.reddit.com/r/rape/comments/416tra/sex_while_drunk/I tried talking to my bf more about it and he said I do bad things while I'm blacked out. I think I deserve this. Please be honest with me. I must deserve this.
This is about my ex fiancé [20s F] telling me she was raped.A month after she broke off the engagement, she and I started seeing each other for next month or so. She missed me and wanted to see me and that she didn't want to be with anyone else and so on. We exchanged I love yous and intimacies whenever we met. Then recently she came to me asking for help with her rent. I like being helpful to her but I was apprehensive, we had our ordinary issues but I was good to her, willing to work on anything for her, yet she still broke it off so what's the point. That's when she reveals she missed some time off work after being raped. It had been a few weeks ago, she agreed to go home with a guy at a bar, then things went fuzzy on the way there and the few remembered details spell out rape. She was told it was rape, so she reported it and missed time.I told her how sorry I was to hear about it, how angry I was with the (unknown to me) rapist and the friends who she was supposed to be out with. I also agree to help her with rent (unsubstantial to me).Then later that day after some reflection I told her unless I was needed that she should not contact me further. I mean she basically confirmed that she was stringing me along while telling guys to take her home. I'm tired of being hurt by her.Should I stand by this course of action? On one hand she didn't tell me about it until weeks after when she needed to explain why she needed money. On the other hand she's told me more than she technically should have... Or should I go back on cutting her off and make sure she's doing ok with it?
An Anonymous Story by an Anonymous College StudentThere’s always that thing in your life, where you wonder how you and your life would be different if that event had never happened. It’s been almost 2 years since that event occurred in my life, but let’s start at the beginning first.Once you graduate high school you are expected to go to college, and then get a job that will support you and hopefully your future family. Before college there are multitudes of mixed emotions everyone experiences: excitement, nervousness, sadness, and happiness. Most likely all due to the fact that you are going on an adventure that you have never experienced before. Also because you are moving away from home, leaving friends behind as you go to different colleges, leaving your family, your structure, and the place, which was your safe-haven for the first 18 years of your life. Everyone tells you, how enjoyable college was, how they wish they could go back, how much fun you are going to have, and about all the friends you’re going to make. The number of people who exclaim that “It goes by fast kiddo, enjoy it while you can!” or “College was one of the best times of my life! I would do anything to go back!” is uncountable. But no one tells you what exactly to expect, and what I experienced was not what I expected at all.It was the beginning of the end of my second year, and I was 19 years old (the beginning of my 2nd semester). I went out with some friends to a typical frat party, except that it was a smaller party then normal, it was one of the guys birthdays so it wasn’t full blown with the hundreds of Freshman that normally attend. Drinking did occur before, and during. You know what happens, is that they tell you as a women to always stay with a friend, get your own drinks, and learn self-defense. Okay, I admit that I broke rule number one. I went to the bathroom alone, and looking back with my 20/20 hindsight (that powerful vision every one in the world has) I shouldn’t have. But also I wish the rules weren’t handed out to those in order to prevent being assaulted when instead the rules being taught should be to not assault one another, and to treat others the way we want to be treated (when did that simple statement from first grade start getting disregarded). In order to describe with some accuracy how drunk I was, I would say that I was tipsy, for example if I was a legal 21 year old at the time I would definitely be able to drive home (as my BAC it would most likely have been below .08). I do not know how much rude guy drank, but he definitely had the reek of alcohol coming through his pores. That’s what I call him, rude guy, because through the one encounter I had, he was just that, a rude guy, at least to me. Anyways, after my lonely bathroom excursion where I peed as much as an elephant, rude guy was in a bedroom in the frat house (I do not know if it was rude guys room, or if he was just hanging out in that bedroom) yelling that he had fallen, he was hurt and needed help. Due to tipsy sympathy, I went to help rude guy out. But through a shocking surprise, rude guy was also liar guy, and not injured in any way. But instead smelt like alcohol, and was ready to have sex with someone, and apparently didn’t care if they too wanted to have sex with him. At least he didn’t ask me what I wanted when he forced himself on top me, and raped me.I know self-defense, as I had taken a free women’s self defense class earlier in my college career. What no one tells you is that you might not be able to fight, move, or eventalk. That’s what happened, I was scared, shocked, in pain, but I could not do anything, and my body flew away to a different place and I was no longer in control. I did not move, speak, or fight. Almost everyone knows about the Fight or Flight response, well there’s another option and it’s called the freeze response. Fight, Flight or Freeze. The three F’s. So while everyone thinks that you might fight the person back, or just run away, there’s this other option where your body physically and mentally shuts down. Think about a dear in the headlights, similar to this you’re body senses an immense amount of fear and shuts down. My body felt rigid, and my hands felt numb, then it was over and I still couldn’t move, as I still had not regained control of my body. I continued to lie there on the bed, in a dress and heels with my panties somewhere else, till my friend found me, believing me to be drunk, and we walked home. I was disoriented, cold, pained, and in disbelief. We made it home, and I spent the night lying on my bed, in that dress trying to grasp any sense of reason about why or how this could happen. I finished the semester on a poor note as I was on academic probation because my semester GPA dipped below the 2.0 mark. And I tried to continue on with my life like nothing ever happened, never telling anyone, never reporting anything. So still today, after almost two years I wonder: how would life be, how would I be if this had never happened?Believe it or not, I am a part of a large and booming statistic, which states that 20% of women in college are sexually assaulted. This is how crazy that statistic is, if you take a random sample of 100 women on any college campus in the United States (say you go grab women from the library, dining hall, and random classrooms), then there would most likely be about (a little less or a little more) twenty people in that room who have been sexually assaulted. Twenty women in one room, who can all tell a story of a time when all their control and power was striped from them, and they were treated like an object instead of a person. Here’s the thing about this statistic, it is so unbelievable, that people literally do not believe it. I tell this statistic to many people in order to just spread some awareness and knowledge, but a majority of those people have the same response “I don’t know anyone who this has ever happened to.” I wish that every time I have heard that response, I would speak up and say “ME! It happens, it happened to me!” But as strong as I feel sometimes, I am still not strong enough for that. So this is the best I can do. Instead of seeing this as just a number, see it as people, family, friends, who had no control, no power, no freedom, and were used against there will.So how would life be? Glorious? I don’t know. I can’t take away what happened to me. I can’t imagine what life would be if this had never occurred. I definitely wouldn’t be writing this, maybe I would still be drinking only to fit in, and even maybe I wouldn’t have found the joy that Jesus provides within me. I know now that there is a set path in my life, and though there are nights where I wake up at 4 a.m. having nightmares where I can’t move, speak, or even scream, I know that I have found and will always have love, joy, trust, peace and forgiveness through Jesus and no one will be able to take that from me. Thus, I am at peace with where my life has taken me so far, and I am thankful for the grace and forgiveness I feel toward a man I once knew as rude guy.-Anonymous
She told me that she got raped (2011-ish) in the United Arab Emirates, locked away in a small room by her boss where she was raped multiple times untill she managed to escape. When she told me this i was really calm and understanding, telling her that i am really proud that she is so successful in many aspects of her life after going trough such a horrible thing, and i am, genuinly proud of her.The thing is that I am sure that she is still suffering.. She can't seem to fall asleep alone unless she takes sleeping pills, she is also taking anti-depressants, anti-anxiety medicines. She is taking meds and i feel that she is trying to avoid dealing with what happened to her and it is killing me inside.I tried to get her to tell me about how it felt being locked in that room and she snapped at me telling me that i cant help her and what not so it left me hurt and confused. I feel a great need to protect her from danger and make sure that she knows i am there for her and I feel like this is the reason i tried to make her talk about it more and it was egoistic from my part.How should i approach this? Is it true that i can't help her? I just want her to be happy.. :'( 
I was redirected here from /r/relationships.I'm not really sure if this is the right place to post, but this has been weighing on my mind recently (it doesn't bother me, I've just been thinking about it) and I'd like to get an outside perspective on this whole thing because I've never really told anyone about it in detail. I think some people here could have a helpful perspective.So, some years ago when I was 15, I was a lonely, depressed, autistic kid (all undiagnosed at the time). I thought I was mature, I guess as everyone does at that age. I pretty much lived in World of Warcraft, I spent all of my time on it, that's where all my friends were. I wanted desperately to be close to someone.At some point I started talking to this woman, she was 22. I knew she had a boyfriend, but we got really close. I voice chatted with her 1 to 1 on Skype, which even now I never do with anyone because it's always made me anxious and awkward. I texted her all day. I think she was the first proper female friend I'd ever had, and my closest friend ever at the time.Like I said, I knew she had a boyfriend. But she'd say "I love you" and I'd say it back. At one point she stopped saying it and said something like "I don't want to give you the wrong idea" or something. But, being the desperate loner I was, I said it was okay, I understood it was platonic, and she started saying it again.We erotic roleplayed. Not a huge deal, I did it all the time at that age. I initiated it and I wanted to do it.Eventually this guy came along. Weird, had his own psychiatric issues, much older than me. He started telling people I was sending him death threats, bullying him, all sorts of stuff. I was so confused. I was devasted. I knew he was lying but everyone believed him. This woman suddenly turned on me and started telling me I was awful, she stopped talking to me, and I genuinely started to believe that I must be a horrible, fucked up person. I became suicidal, I cried at night, etc. Of course it eventually came out that he was lying. She never once bothered to contact me, never apologised, never asked if I was okay. I tried to talk to her and she just said she "wanted to forget about it".I felt so, so petty at the time for getting upset over this online semi-relationship. I didn't want to tell anyone, I felt so stupid.I think she was as immature and naive as I was, and she had no malicious intent. But looking back I think, if I was a girl and she was a guy, I'd have perceived this situation so differently. She was the adult, she had a responsibility to keep it appropriate. If I was a girl and she was a guy, it'd probably be considered grooming. Maybe, would it? But I blamed myself. The whole thing just really fucked with me. I ended up having therapy, but I never went into as much detail with my therapist or my parents as I've gone into here. I pretty much just told them I got bullied.So yeah, I just wanted to hear a perspective from people who I guess might have experienced similar things, or at least understand it. Obviously I wasn't raped, I don't (think?) I feel violated, and I think I'm over it now. I'm just still a bit confused by it all.
it's not fair.it's not fucking fair.
The other night, I was hanging out with friends and got pretty drunk, probably had around six drinks and I’m a fairly small female, 5’3 and 115 pounds. As we’re leaving, my friend walks me home and we go back to my place where we have more drinks…(I’m not sure how much more I had, maybe one or two more).As we’re sitting next to each other he starts touching my hair. I was really drunk at this point and I didn’t know what to say so I ignored it at first. Then he tried kissing me and I turned my head away. He then kept trying to kiss me, but would ask if I’m okay. Since I was so drunk, I wasn’t really coherent but kept saying stuff like “I don’t want a relationship” “I don’t want to date” and turning away, but he kept trying to kiss me and tell me that he always had a crush on me and that he thought I was so pretty, etc..Next parts blurry but I know we ended up having sex and cause I was so drunk and having it I think I was reciprocating it and maybe enjoying it? Honestly, I don’t really remember a lot of it. The one part I do remember is that he kept trying to take his condom off saying shit like “Oh I just really want to feel you.” I swear it took a million times and me saying “no, I don’t want to get pregnant” before he finally stopped. Then he gave up on sex and went down on me.Later, he was cuddling with me and kept trying to get me to go back to his place and I said no. Finally, as he’s leaving I had sobered up enough to feel terrible and he kept saying “you look sad” and added in a “you’re so beautiful and feminine”.The next couple of days after, I felt really disgusted and terrible. Am I just regretting a drunken hookup? Was his behavior questionable? I know he was drinking but I don’t think he was nearly as drunk as I was. Also, he keeps texting me trying to hang out…so maybe I led him on? Thanks for listening.
I've been dating my boyfriend for one year and eight months. Our relationship is pretty typical, intimacy is great, etc.About a month ago he handed me his phone to look at something he was looking at on Safari, I think it was a pair of shoes he wanted to buy. But at least 6 other tabs were open of him watching pornography - which we all do and that's fine. But this was all one category of porn, and there was even a google tab open of him searching for it...porn with, well I don't want to say girls or teens, but very young looking women losing their virginity. He even specifically (sorry if TMI) looks for it with blood. I watched one out of curiosity and the girl was literally saying "please slow down it still hurts" and the guy just kept going even harder...it makes me uncomfortable to even type that. All of the videos were a similar vein, not that I could bring myself to watch any more. I didn't say anything to him at the time except, "You should probably delete your tabs, you know?"Same thing happened again last night. He handed me his phone for something and already open are videos of the same type of porn. This time I mentioned something about it, trying to be as casual as possible, and he got immediately defensive. He told me I was being super judgmental and that he only searches for that because "that's the only type of porn [he] knows." Really?I don't think I'm a judgmental person but for some reason him actively searching out this type of porn makes me very uncomfortable. I will add that I have been sexually assaulted in the past (and he knows this) and something about the video that I watched at least seems really edging on the line of consent. He asked me what problem I had with it and I couldn't even verbalize it at the time. But I do want to bring it up again.I told a couple of my friends about it and they kind of just said "Wow that's disgusting" and dismissed it. But it's still really bothering me.So, I guess what I'm asking is if I really am being irrational/judgmental. How can I tell him how I feel about this without sounding accusatory, or should I even do so?Really needed to get that out. Thank you.tl;dr: Found a lot of porn with (very young) women losing virginity and it makes me feel uncomfortable. Is that weird?
Today I was told by my cousin that I was raped and he saw it happen and I'm a whore from it.>I used to do drugs with my friends. I got picked up to hang out and that's all i remember after the first line till I getting dropped off. Meth makes you hyper and super aware of what's going on. I believed  i was drugged. The few things i remember is faint little glimpses of the man who brought me there over me but no feeling the sex act. I remember being sore for a few days after and bleeding but I thought losing virginity and being small was why .>he told me a train was pulled on me. ( multiple  men) I believe him. The details of who was there, what room I went into and the layout of the home. >I don't know what to think. I'm angry he didn't help and stop it. Sickened that my own family was involved and might have joined in. These men knew I never gave one thought of having sex with them and they knew it. They took advantage of me. I'm sad that my first sexually experience is tainted with rape and no control how it happened. I don't know what to do with all of it.
Is this normal? I hear about all these rape victims that had less done to them than I went through and they are traumatized by it. Honestly, I was over it months after it happened, except that I don't trust people anymore like I used to, but other than that, I'm fine. I feel bad that the guy is still in prison and will be for the rest of his life over something I got over quite easily.
Ok, so I've never really talked about this before, but last summer I slept with a guy. We were hanging out, sitting on his bed (in a dorm so no other option) doing this like educational thing for our school on sexual assault (the irony) and he talked me into cuddling, then kissing, and I kept trying to pull back but he wasn't really having any of it. It wasn't forceful but I was uncomfortable and on my period but ended up having sex with him. He kept edging me on with "come on, you'll like it, what are you a virgin?" etc.. I remember talking very quietly like I was scared to say no or to outright reject him and I kept trying to say "no i don't do that" and he'd keep asking, I'd say "i'm on my period" and he'd tell me he doesn't care, etc. We're still friends, so I'm hesistant to say it wasn't consensual, and I wasn't really upset about it after it happened, but looking back I just feel like I was (and am) so weak and naive and dirty. He's a good friend in a good relationship with a good person, and so am I, and after I started dating someone / before he started dating someone, he tried to start something again and I told him to back off and he did. So I just feel like I'm remembering wrong. Like if it was nonconsensual he wouldn't have backed off so easily the next time. I don't know how to process this or move past it.I've had other casual sex encounters before and none of them make me feel so disgusting as this one does. We're still friends, we hang out, we have fun, our SO's are good friends, but this just leaves a dirty pit in my stomach every time I see him. I feel like I both don't deserve to be upset about this because I never tried to leave but I also don't want to be around him, ever. I hate feeling this way. Ever since that day he's been a great friend and we don't talk about what happened and it's been fine but seeing his face makes me want to puke. I don't want to confront him about it because it was so long ago and I honestly wasnt beat up about it after it happened.. I just feel can't look at him at this point. But we are in the same friend group and he is a genuinely good friend to everyone else and apart from this one incident, a good friend to me. I know if I say anything I'll lose all my friends. I can't get it off my mind. I can't talk to this about anyone. It's just haunting me and I want to move past it
So one of my (18m) best friends (17f) told me she was raped 1,5 years ago. She's very jumpy with any kind of touch. She's seeing a therapist and i do my best to be there for her as a friend, talking and lots of talking. Here's where it gets complicated, i have very strong feelings for the girl and i kinda hope that one day things will be alright and that we could be together.And in a way, i feel guilty for feeling this way. I'm really there for her as a friend right now. But i'm scared that the thought of me loving her pressures her. In the end i just want her to be alright.It just seems so hopeless, i'm afraid she might never get out of this. I can't stand to see someone i care so much for hurting this way. Is there anything i could do to help her more?
I was good a week ago, but I guess my Lexapro isn't working as well now that I've acclimated to it.Anything to do with sex scares me. I can't be intimate with my husband. I can't touch him. I get scared sleeping in a bed or room if someone's had sex recently.My roommate, a friend, recently got laid after a year of nothing. He's elated; I can't trust him anymore. It's weird. I don't like this. I was fine not too long ago.
I've just copied this from my /r/relationships post, so it will refer to /r/relationships. There is a tl;dr at the bottom because this is a *long* postOkay, so I've never posted on /r/relationships before so bare with me. Also throwaway cause my SO tends to snoop through my reddit account.A little background about our relationship: we're in a long distance relationship and have been for just over 2 years, and we've been friends for even longer. Physically we've spent about a year physically being with each other through various visits to each other. She's the one for me honestly, my soul mate. We've talked about marriage and visas, right now we're just waiting on one of us to get a job that'll be over the financial requirements. So as you can tell this is a pretty serious relationship.Before I get into this, when I'm talking about sex, really I'm talking about phone sex. This isn't a problem when we're physically together.Okay so once or twice a week we end up just talking open and honestly about whatever - things that have been bugging us all week, or just questions that we really want to ask but are too nervous to ask in regular conversation. Today was one of those days since it was therapy day for me.So we were talking and the conversation ended up sex because of my childhood sexual abuse and that gets brought up at therapy a lot. My partner gets it because she's been raped by a previous boyfriend. Anyway, after two years she finally tells me that whenever I ask for sex she occasionally feels pressured into sex and will do it just to keep the peace and stop me being angry with her.I've never been angry with her when she says no. But I do tease and wind her up and keep asking (which is something that isn't just exclusive to sex, me winding her up is a daily occurrence that she's said doesn't bother her). Sometimes I'm also pretty frustrated and snap a little, but will always apologise and explain I'm not angry I'm just frustrated. She tells me she understands and that's that.When I do keep asking/winding her up and she says that we can have sex, without fail I triple check that she wants to do it and always tell her it's okay if we don't do it. Most of the time she says she does want too, sometimes she says she doesn't and I'll her it's okay and it's not brought up again.I feel like I haven't given her any reason to feel pressured into sex or set sex up as a thing that she can't say no too. But I understand that it'll be difficult to say no given her past with her ex boyfriend. But at the same time, we've been together for over two years. Two years she's not told me about this, even when she's had chance after chance after chance to tell me. Honestly though, this is a pretty common occurrence in our relationship; I spill my heart and tell her everything, and she tells me something every now and then.The problem I have now is that I feel I've been abusing her, and to put it bluntly, feel like I've raped her in some sense? Even though I haven't touched her. But at the same time I feel completely betrayed that she let this go on for two years knowing that the thought of hurting her terrifies me.Honestly, I don't know how to get past this. On one hand, I should've taken sex off the table as a subject I can joking wind her up about (I do stop when she tells me to stop) and I'm to blame for creating this environment where she is afraid to make me angry. But at the same time, I feel like a victim as well from her lack of trust. If she had just trusted me enough to tell me sooner, then this would've been taken care of sooner. She knows that I do everything I can to change my behaviour for her, which I've proven time and time again.So /r/relationships any advice on just how to move past this? My partner doesn't blame me at all and doesn't consider it abuse. She's blaming herself and her past, telling me that it's not my fault she's afraid but rather because of her history with the ex who raped her and made it difficult to say no to sex. She's over it, the only thing that's got her upset is that she's betrayed my trust. Right now it's all down to me to get over this complication because honestly, if I can't get over it I don't know how much longer the relationship will last.Sorry if this was basically a big ramble, we just had the conversation a few hours ago and had to stop because she went to work.tl;dr: Girlfriend of 2 years just informed me that she occasionally feels pressured into having phone sex with me and will do it just to keep me happy. I feel like an abuser and also feel a huge betrayal of trust. I need to get over these feelings in order to save the relationship -- Girlfriend doesn't think I've abused her and has pretty much forgiven it all (she says there's nothing to forgive).
This is a really weird post to be writing and honestly, I don't even know if it belongs here because I definitely don't think I was raped, but I've recently come around to thinking that my ex-boyfriend was sexually abusive due to PTSD-like symptoms that have been cropping up for me in the last couple of years and was just hoping someone could try and help me understand what the fuck is happening to me because I feel like I'm losing my god damned mind.  Writing this out is so embarrassing... in the almost five years that I've used reddit, this is my first time feeling like I have to use a throwaway account.  I'm sorry if this doesn't belong here but I'm not really sure where else I could go. I also x-posted this to /r/rapecounseling since again, I'm not sure where this belongs, or if it even belongs in either place.Everything took place over a three month period in 2012 - I was 17 and he was 18.  I was kind of inexperienced for my age (still am, I suppose, since I haven't partaken in anything much since then) and he was the first guy I did anything more than kiss.  The first time things got "weird" was when his grandfather was put in the hospital.  He called me from a school event and since I was in town near the same location, I asked my mom to drop me off so I could talk to him because he sounded upset.  The two of us were in his car, talking.  I was rather sick at the time and not really in the mood for any sort of sexual activity so the minute he made a move on me, I told him straight up that I didn't feel well and that I had come over to talk him down since he was upset about his grandfather, and that I was not in the mood to do anything physical.  He proceeded to guilt trip me, essentially, saying he was just upset and needed comfort from me.  That made me feel like shit, so even though I felt like he was trying to manipulate me, I allowed him to kiss me.  He kept trying to lean me backward so that he was on top of me and I kept telling him to stop because I couldn't breathe (again, I was sick) but since he wouldn't listen I finally just stopped fighting him.  He tried to put his hand down my pants, something we had never done before and I said I wasn't ready.  Again, the "but I'm sad, I just want you to help me feel better" line was trotted out and he kept going for it so... I ran it over in my head and knew that if I caused a scene, the other students outside would hear and make up all sorts of rumors about it.  I was scared of getting caught since there were teachers around, I couldn't breathe, I was not MENTALLY ready and told him as such, but after arguing with him some more I finally just laid back and let him do whatever because it was obvious that he wasn't going to take no for an answer and I didn't want to deal with the rumors that kicking and screaming my head off would bring about.  I could have theoretically stopped the situation but I was young, and scared, and embarrassed, didn't want my mom to find out, didn't want people to make up stories, and barely 5'0 with a 6'2 boy on top of me ignoring me pushing him away, telling him I didn't want to do it, so I let him, and I guess theoretically that could be seen as consent.  Take this situation, rinse and repeat, and this is how I spent those entire three months - also add in him calling me 15-30+ times a day, getting irritated if I spent time with family, throwing tantrums thinking I was cheating on him with all of my female friends because I was bi, cutting me off from everyone I loved.  After that night in his car at the school event, things were never the same.  Before then, we'd gone on normal dates, done normal things together - the days of just hanging out and talking were 100% gone.  Every time I saw him (even at school), I knew I'd be obligated to scuttle off into dark corners with him again because that's all he could thing about.  Any time he'd come to pick me up from my house, I'd make him promise to not make me do anything physical and he'd agree... then he'd drive onto back roads, or abandoned parking lots, or into the woods, we'd start kissing, he'd try to push things further, I'd say "No, I'd say I don't want to", I'd say "I'm not ready", I'd push him and try to get him off me and he'd ignore me, so eventually I'd let him do his thing.  When he'd drop me off at home, he'd always ask me if we were okay, if I enjoyed it, if I was mad at him, and I'd always tell him everything was fine, it was good, whatever.  Then I'd go home and cry because I was scared of him and felt like I'd lost total control over the situation - felt like I'd lost a piece of who I was because I am KNOWN for being the "never back down" type of person.  You can ask anyone who knows me and one of the first things they'll say to you is "She's as stubborn as a bull." and it didn't feel like ME to let someone push me over like that, to convince me to do things I'd already said I didn't want to do, but I was so nervous and scared because he was bigger than me and because if someone doesn't listen to the first two or three or four or five no's, what can I do?  I think back now and go "You should've fought - you should have kicked and screamed." and "Maybe he thought you going numb was just you changing your mind." but in those moments, all I could think was that I couldn't overpower him if he decided to fight back.I eventually ended up dumping him - I had been too scared to, until he went on vacation out of state.  I didn't want him to be around when I did it because I was afraid he would lose his temper, I knew he wasn't mentally stable because of his emotional episodes (like thinking I was cheating on him if I didn't answer the first call, or telling me he'd vomited from worry because he'd called me while my phone was dead).  He pulled a few stunts - posting my number online to get his internet buddies to harass me for a few weeks.  Trying to re-add me on facebook and skype under different names.  But eventually he left me alone.  I never thought about it much after that.  I never considered that what had happened with us in the backseat of his car so many times would change me fundamentally in some way because that's stupid, right?  He never raped me so why was I being such a baby? Well, flash-forward to December 2014 - I have an... a bad experience with a friend's husband.  I've already written so much so I won't go into it.  But that night in December caused something to happen - everything from 2012 culminated with what I had just experienced and it just came flooding back. I went home and I cried, and cried, and cried for days, and couldn't eat and couldn't sleep.  Something, some sudden "click" in my brain that, "Hey, isn't it weird that every since you dated "A", you have panic attacks when a guy stands close to you?" and "Hey, isn't it weird that ever since "A", you flinch and jump if someone so much as taps you on the wrist?" and "Hey, isn't it probably weird that ever since "A", you've had to get drunk before dates because you start having panic attacks?"I don't know what all of this means but I guess I just want someone to tell me... was what he did really not okay or am I just being a big baby to be so affected by it?  Why can't I move on?  For the first time, I told my mom a little bit of what happened, in vague terms, and she had sympathy for it.  But I told some other friends and many were just like "Oh, well that's just what you have to do - you didn't want to seem like a slut so you fought him even though you really wanted it, that's why you gave in.  That's normal." which... if they're right, why do I feel so monumentally fucked up?  What's wrong with me?  Why did a "normal" occurrence leave me in shambles and destroy my ability to be around the opposite sex?  For Christ's sake, I get nervous and anxious if I'm even alone at work with a male co-worker.  Am I just crazy?  I'm just... so fucking confused and this post probably makes no sense but this is... the only time I've tried to talk about any of it in detail.  I've been bottling this up for so many years and now I have people telling me it's no big deal.  I haven't dated anyone since this guy - went on a couple of dates but the anxiety was so bad I pretty much gave up on the entire concept.  I feel like I'm being such a fucking baby - I have friends who have been violently, violently raped and assaulted and here I am having panic attacks because I was too much of a wuss to fight back against some unwanted fingering and handjobs... but is it really normal for a guy to ignore multiple "no"s???
This morning while cuddling and bed, things started to get a little heated. After a while of touching and feeling, we didn't have much time for sex so I just decided we could just do a little hand play to tide us over until the night. She just asked why we couldn't have sex instead and initially I was surprised by this. I told her that we had to leave soon and I didn't want to use a condom for 15 minutes of sex. The mood changed and she turned over and did not want to mess around anymore. I was upset about this at first and laid back to back and against her wondering why she only wanted to have sex so badly. I turned about to say something when I saw her crying in my bed, shocked, I asked her what was wrong. She wouldn't tell me and I comforted and coxed her for 10 minutes before she finally told me. When she was young she went to her aunts house. At her aunts house lives her cousin, who's older then her but I'm not sure of his age. She went over there and was sexually abused by him along with her other cousin who is also my age. I hugged her and thanked her for trusting me enough to tell me that. She said the last time it happened was about a year ago, and that her parents do not know but she talks to her therapist about it. I'm really not sure what to do or how to comfort or deal with this. She's also gone through a domestic violence case with another boyfriend and I'm so worried I was going to do something to hurt her and learning this I've decided I need some advice. I just feel bad because I should have noticed some signs, I feel like I pressured her a couple times and if I would of known about the sexual abuse I would have never been so persistent, and I honestly feel selfish for questioning the relationship because of this.Edit: thanks everyone for all of your advice so much is going on I'm just glad I got a clearer image of what to do now 
As soon as I got flagged by the moderator and told to post here I felt really sick and upset. But I still keep feeling like I should just ignore what happened. Here is the original post:Hi Reddit. This is throwaway because it's kind of embarrassing and idk what to think at the momentI've been with my girlfriend for 5 years and I hang out with her dad a lot, I guess because he doesn't have a son and my dad was never around so we do stuff like go fishing, work on my crappy Isuzu etc. and he has been having marriage problems lately so we hang out fairly regularly.Well he picked me up from home and we went fishing on Wednesday evening (yesterday) at the normal spot, and he usually parks his truck in the trees in a wooded area, back from the beach. This is probably the 4th time we have ever been fishing, and it was completely normal and fun. We both went to get changed (it gets dirty on the beach and clothes get covered in sand) and I was sitting in the passenger seat waiting for him to get done... he got into the drivers seat with no shirt on and just his jeans, shut the door and put the radio on. I was just playing on my phone and texting in a group chat when he put his hand on my leg and said "How have you and [my girlfriend] been getting on". I told him it was going well, just made small talk etc.He didn't take his hand off of my leg which I thought was weird but let it go, and said to me (I remember the words) "I'm sorry [my name] but I haven't been getting any lately..." and reached over and grabbed me by my shoulders. I dropped my phone and, confused, asked what he was doing, but he kind of dragged me onto the back seats of the truck so my chest and face was on the seat and my lower half was sticking out (I'm only 125lbs and he's a big guy so I couldn't really do much). I thought he was just being silly as we joke around a lot, but he started pulling my khakis down while pushing my face into the seat. I didn't say "stop!" or anything. I was just confused. My glasses had fallen off and I was kind of lost for words.Well basically he rubbed up against me for maybe 2-3 minutes, and I think he went inside me a bit but it didn't really hurt... like I said I really was lost for words, confused, and couldn't see because my glasses had fallen off underneath the seat. I just lay there and wondered what was going on and why. He "finished" on my pants and then without saying anything grabbed a bunch of napkins from the driver side door pocket thingy and started wiping it off (there's still a stain there).Well I just sat there, looking at him and he apologized and asked me if I was ok... I said yes, and to be honest, I was. It was confusing but it didn't hurt or anything, I just had no idea what to think. He put my glasses back on my face and he put his shirt on and we listened to the radio, and he bought taco bell for us, and as I was getting out of the car he apologized again and gave me $80 (I don't have a job right now so I guess he knew I would be grateful).I thanked him, said "it's ok" and went inside. And that was it. I didn't cry or anything. Just put my pants in the laundry and played video games. Today however, I felt really bad about this and what happened and it feels like I've been sexually assaulted. I feel really violated. I told my internet friend but he just laughed, haven't told anyone else.I just don't know how to feel... yesterday was fine, but I woke up feeling awful. He has texted me apologizing twice today but I haven't replied. I just need some advice about what to do and how to feel. I don't want to lose my girlfriend over this but I don't want to hang out with him any more.tl;dr: my girlfriend's dad and I hang out a lot but he (maybe?) sexually assaulted me?
I'm a 16 year old guy and also no one that I know in real life knows it happened. But it's been ruining my life. I've been self harming. I've been depressed. I barely have confidence and I keep getting flashbacks. 
A few months back I was drinking with a few coworkers, most of the people left, but 2 of my coworkers and one of their brothers was there, so we continued to drink and play darts. Eventually my coworkers went together in another room, they were making out and groping each other. So I was left alone with the brother, whom I just met that night. I was dizzy and tired so I asked to lay down in one of the other rooms. The guy had gone in there and had taken off his clothes. I didn't know that when I walked in there, he told me after I had laid down. He kept pestering me to take off my cloths, to touch him, to do something, all of which I had told him no. I gave in and decided to take off my sweater and bra. But my shirt had disappeared, so I just laid down again. The guy kept pestering and touching me. . . As time went on I just wanted him to leave me alone so I could sleep. So I gave in and did what he wanted. I didn't want to and made it clear to him that I didn't want to. My bf originally believed me when I told him what happened, but now he acts like I wanted to. And he doesn't trust me anymore. I don't know what to do
Hello, /r/rape!Tomorrow evening, /r/MensLib is hosting an AMA with Glen Poole, a journalist and activist who does tremendous work on men's issues. We thought your community might be interested in joining the discussion.[Here is our promo post](https://www.reddit.com/r/MensLib/comments/41eq4v/announcement_ama_with_glen_poole_tuesday_19_jan_6/) so you can get a sense of the work Glen does. We hope you'll join us!Thanks to the /r/rape mods for letting us share this with you.
So, this is 100% as bad as the title will lead you to believe. It's going to be a long explanation though, so buckle in. My stepfather raised me ever since I was less than a year old. Him and my mother had 2 boys, split, she had me while he had his daughter who I mentioned in my title, then they got back together and had one more child. 2 of these children were put up for adoption at different points for different reasons. One we have talked to but he doesn't put in any contact efforts despite insisting he wants to and the other I'm having over for dinner later so that worked out a little better. Anyways, let me paint a picture for you here: - My parents live 4 houses away from me - In their house is: -Mom and Dad -Brother I grew up with -Other brother from a different relationship of my Dad's (Dad=Step Dad btw) before him and my Mother were together -That brother's Mother -My aunt (Dad's sister) -Step sister mentioned in title - Her 4 boys aged 2-7That's 11 people. That house is crazy! My brothers aren't really very adult like so they don't help out and complain a lot. The only two who do help out are my Aunt and the mother of my other brother. I have a really aweful past with my Dad. When I was 18, the night before I was moving out for the first time, he told me he had dreams about me and a friend of mine performing sexual acts on him. During this conversation he told me he had thoughts many times of coming up to my room at night and he asked to see me naked twice. I tried to rationalize things and asked him if I was more plain and less open about sex if he would have still been attracted to me and he said "Probably".As you can imagine, this really messed me up. I made the decision to tell my mother because I can't stand keeping things from her. If I had not asked her to stay calm she would have kicked him out immediately after, but I wanted to try to have my father so I asked her do nothing. 5 years ago though I realized I wasn't okay and being around him was aweful for me. After explaining this she told him to not talk to me until I decided it was okay and she didn't believe him when he tried to lie about it. About 2 weeks after that I realized I missed my father and agreed to talk. He apologized (I never held it against him for being attracted to me because truly one has no control over that, but I NEVER needed to even suspect it, let alone be asked to be seen naked) and I worked toward moving on. It's what I wanted. Well, I read something online recently that perfectly describes my situation: "Throw a plate on the floor. Did it break?" "Yes" "Apologize to it" "I'm sorry" "Is it still broken?" "Yes". I tried to heal and move on, but while he did nothing to make things worse, he didn't do anything to make them better either. We never really had a bond to begin with but things recently have turned for the worse. As stated, my sister lives with them. This is the sister whom he conceived while my mother was off conceiving me. Their relationship has been aweful. When she was pregnant with her first she moved here with the baby daddy. He was abusive and she was a horrible parent, letting her newborn cry for hours at night (keep in mind the crib was in their room which was at most a 10x10 attic room!) and constantly left him in his bassinet so she could go on her own to smoke a cigarette or whatever she wanted to do without him. If he wasn't sleeping, she was upset at him. She would scream at him when he was crying because he was so hungry even though she was the one to let him get to that stage of hunger. Eventually, her now ex hit her and we got him arrested. She soon left town after him, grabbing NOTHING to help care for her son. Years later, she left him and now lives with my parents with her 4 boys and hasn't changed much. Her youngest walks around in poop all day and gets terrible rashes (my aunt changes him when sister is in the garage not paying any attention), she expects these boys to be inside all day and behave with 0 supervision, and all she does is yell. She yells every time she is woken up, no matter how late and most mornings my aunt wakes up with them, she doesn't bathe them unless told to, she is almost never in the house with them nor does she interact with them. I don't know why she has kids.Yes, DCFS has been called, many, many, MANY times. The hospital called after her first was born because she put in 0 effort to care for him (he was preemie) and spent no time with him. Family has also called several times. Nothing is done, ever. Recently, my mother had had it and went to the garage when her kids were eating to tell her to get inside and supervise them, now. My sister lost it! She started screaming about being treated differently and no one caring and grabbed a knife in front of her kids threatening to cut her wrist. Now, my mother is a very educated woman, she has a bachelor's degree in forensic psychology, she knew my sister wouldn't do anything so she just stood there waiting. She knew it was a ploy for attention (which was later admitted by her when the cops arrived).Now, for the fun part. When she freaked out she called my mom every name in the book and my mother, with patience of 1000 saints, just brushed it off. Dear old Dad, however, did nothing while she was going off. Keeping in mind, all my life no matter what I said or did I knew to NEVER disrespect my mother, ever. He was always there to defend her and make sure no one talked to her inappropriately. But with my sister it "wasn't his business". Oh I was fuming when I learned that. Mom told him afterwards that he would NOT let his daughter disrespect her like that again. She shouldn't have to have said that. He treats her like his princess! He makes excuses for everything she does wrong, even her child neglect, but he yells at my brothers for the smallest things. He has very clearly chosen a favorite. Well, seeing as healthcare sucks and therapy isn't widely available for the poor, I never got any after he messed me up and about twice a year it all comes flooding back. The other night I asked my aunt to come over so I could vent, knowing she had suffered physical sexual abuse in her past I knew she would be a good ear. After explaining my story, she hit me with a bomb: Everyone in that house (excluding the younglings and my mother) think Dad and his daughter are sleeping together, most likely consensually. He has slept in her bed with her several nights, which is very wrong, one night my aunt couldn't find either of them (no cars gone, not in their rooms, not in garage, RV out back was never checked) and when she found sister she had claimed they were in the garage talking but never gave an answer after she was told that the garage was checked and they weren't there, and they ALWAYS go places alone...about 3 times a day. They always need to "talk privately". For just about anyone else, one could find other explanations for all this, but there are other factors which point to sexual intentions: - He is sex crazed. He has cheated on my mother many times, he does nothing to express how he cares for her and only ever asks for sex, he is very stereotypical douchebag male - Remember, he asked to see the daughter he raised naked, he had thoughts of coming up to my room at night! He is not past that. - Sister has been abused, in some way, pretty much all her life. She also is egotistic and thinks every man wants her, finding pleasure in that thought. - Everyone who is suspicious thinks it's consensual just by how she acts around him (I didn't ask, I don't want to know!) - If one hears the theory that someone believes a family member is sleeping with their child, your immediate thought should be "No, that's crazy! They wouldn't do that!" not "Oh my gawd this answers so many questions!" with the belief that it is 100% possible he would do such a thing. Everyone who knows him best wouldn't put it past him. I don't know what to do. My poor mother is bedridden with Occipital Neuralgia and can't work or function. She has slept a full 24+ hours recently with 0 help from meds and no one could wake her! Even worse, she had to go in for a procedure where they stuck a camera down her throat (can't remember what they were checking for) and found a spot in her throat that shouldn't be there. They sent it off for analysis, it could be another month before we know anything. So many things come to my mind right now: - Honestly, after our past and his picking of a favorite, I want him gone. I would toss him aside if I could. - But I can't. The backlash and drama would be horrendous, and he's the man who raised me. It seems acceptable to toss aside toxic people unless they are a parent, then everyone thinks you need to talk things through and work them out. I don't want even more drama by revealing what he said to me and I don't want to make things harder on my poor mother. Timing. - Despite knowing that's what I really want, my memories come back often and I wish he could just be the father I remember. It's so hard accepting your parent(s) are not good people as adults and I wish I could not feel that way. Overall I want him gone. Seeing him as a wonderful grandfather breaks my heart knowing I'd rather him just leave me and my family alone. It's really messing with me. (Yes, I do talk to my biodad. We had a really messed up situation and he didn't even know I existed until I was 15, but our relationship just got on a good track almost 2 years ago). - I want him away from my mother! I know she will leave if given good reason (she was going to after our first issue but I stopped her) and getting proof could easily be my golden ticket to get her to see the light and kick him out! - I NEED to know that if this is happening, it's consensual. I mean, yeah, EW, but if it's not we need to know. My aunt has a voice recorder and we plan to try to catch, SOMETHING. Honestly, what would you do? I kinda feel like it's not my place to pry, but he hurt me, he's hurt my siblings by picking a very clear favorite, he's hurting my mother, and what if it's not consensual?! While I feel like I should wait and see if they get caught I don't want to risk them getting away with it either!I'm lost. This is a difficult situation and I have no idea what to do!TLDR; think dad is sleeping with sister, don't know if I should try to get proof or not.
When I was sexually assaulted last year by another man, something happened that I've never mentioned to anyone. Only my mother even knows about what happened, but not this part. He ejaculated into me. I don't know how common this is, but it's got me scared. I couldn't get it out of me even in the shower afterwards. Am I alone in this? I feel so goddamned alone. 
We were all drinking. My friend, She comes back to the dorm hall drunk from a party. One of My other friends and I leave my other friend in my dorm so he can have sex with a girl. So my friend and I go into my drunk friend's room and we all three talk. Eventually we want to go to sleep and my guy friend wants to sleep with her while I sleep on the other bed. She tells him to sleep on the couch instead but after some convincing, they sleep together. But I tell her to sleep with me cuz I wouldn't do anything or to sleep on the couch. She says no. (I should also say I was a little tipsy from lots of beer). Eventually, my guy friend asks me to leave and I hesitate but eventually leave them alone. They have sex. Next day, she messages me asking why I didn't stop him cuz she was drunk and didn't care what would happene. Now I feel guilty and a little scared. I should've done more. I didn't even know the guy that well. What should I do? What kinda sucks even more is that I signed a lease with her and several others already.
I don't feel any anger towards my rapist. I'm just sad. The whole things just makes me incredibly sad. He was my friend, I liked him, i trusted him. The only anger I feel is the abuse I suffered from afterwards---not from my rapist, who stayed away from me when he was told, but from my (now ex-)boyfriend who psychologically tortured my about it for months, constantly accusing me of having lied, having made it up, having wanted it. What makes me angry is that my father berates me for not having gone to the police. My father believes that me not wanting to kill my rapist means that he has failed me as a father. How can I explain this? What can I say to my father that makes him understand? I don't want to hurt my rapist. I don't want revenge. I want to move on. If anything happened to the man who raped me, like if he got sick or something, I would feel sad. I really would. No one seems to understand that. Am I crazy? Am I repressing an anger I should be feeling? My father said to me that when I was raped, it wasn't just me getting raped, it was like he was getting raped too. I just didn't know what to say to that. Because it didn't happen to him, it happened to me. And I don't want to hurt or beat up my rapist. I just want to move on. But father can't understand that.What do I do? What do I say? 
After quite a fight to get my kit tested, it finally was. However, the results didn't lead to a suspect. Instead, it was "inconclusive." I don't have much more information than that, but I feel horrible. I did everything I think I could have done -- reported right away, submitted to the exam, allowed all the tests, etc. But it didn't lead to anything. I realize now they will never find the person(s) who did this to me and I won't ever know either. And I'm not handling this particularly well. 
I cut off this person a year ago because of said incident. Blocked on all social media, did not contact. He made one pathetic attempt to contact me via emailing me some buzzfeed link 7 months ago, and never contacted me either again. I am at a point in my life where I decided I want to confront him about this incident, potentially to take to a legal level ( although I don't know if I will ). He does not think anything morally wrong happened. As far as he is concerned, he had sex with girl he had sex with before, and she said some stuff  about not wanting to the day before but that doesn't matter, and that fact that she was half passed out is like, whatever. I have never confronted him. I am afraid with the amount of time that has passed, he will be vaguely suspicious, at the very least he knows I do not want to socialize with him as he has taken me off his mailing list and I am no longer on this yearly birthday invite list either. As anyone ever been forced to do this?
25fNot my biological father, and not the biological father of this young girl either but married to her mom. He dated my mom for a long time when I was younger (~12-15) and stayed in my life when they broke up because my biological dad is not in the picture. Since he and my mom split I had still seen him frequently, we were close. I spent the summer between high school and college at his house living with him and his girlfriend at the time. He was not inappropriate with me but we don't have great boundaries and would cuddle/touch a lot and always had since I was a kid. I really thought of him as my dad, in every way. Two years ago I left college for the weekend to go visit him. He'd just gotten married and his new wife has kids, including a little girl about 12 who really reminds me of myself at that age. That's really the reason I'm posting about this / even thinking about it. His wife and the kids weren't there that weekend so we got stinking drunk together and just sat in his kitchen talking. Someway or another the conversation got to sex and he was asking me what I liked and who I was having sex with. It was kind of uncomfortable but I always had weird boundaries/no boundaries with my parents. The drunker I got the more I just opened up about it. I started to feel weird about the situation and was getting drunk to the point where I felt like I was going to be sick so I told him I was going to take a shower. After I took my clothes off and got in he opened the door and the curtain and stood there watching me for a while, and then asked if he could get in with me. I didn't say anything and he got in and pressed his body against mine and I freaked out, so he got back out, got me a towel and put me to bed. I woke up the next morning and he'd slept beside my bed all night (he told me it was to make sure I couldn't leave in the middle of the night without waking him up). He tried to kiss me again and I said no, and later that day he apologized and told me that it was all his fault and would never happen again. He kept telling me how much he loved me and how I'm the most important person in his life and I just said I'd let it go. I don't know what to do. I've tried to just act like nothing happened and for a while that worked, but it's been harder and harder to force it with my "dad". I hate taking his phone calls. I don't talk to him unless it's a birthday, holiday or emergency. Lately he's been pressuring me to come out to visit again with my boyfriend and I feel like he's been trying to guilt me by talking about how much my sister misses and wants to see me. I feel so torn. I know it's not but it feels like it was my fault. I talked to him about sex, flirted even and as drunk as I was I feel like I wanted him to do what he did and then just freaked out when it was happening. I feel like he's implanted this idea in my head now. I'm so scared that he's just a predator and that this little girl is at risk and I know I have to tell my family and I'm terrified. I feel like it will destroy him, and he was honestly my dad for so long that I don't know how to do that to him. I'm sorry, I know this is all over the place. I haven't thought about this in so long but he's been pushing hard to see me lately. I don't know what to do or who to turn to. I haven't told anyone about this and I feel like I can't tell anyone about it. Any advice is really appreciated. 
Throwaway for obvious reasons.This was initially posted in relationships and deleted, but I suppose I should include a TW for graphic description of sexual assault.~TLDR: My two never reported rapists are on the Facebook admin board for my 10 year high school reunion and I really want to confront them. Is it a terrible idea?~When I was 17, I was sexually assaulted by two classmates. To make it short and not so sweet, I consumed alcohol for the second time in my life and became incredibly intoxicated and two men twice my size took sweet advantage of this fact. One classmate peed on my face, forced me to drink a 40oz beer filled with his pee, and the other, his close friend, later held me down and fingered me and forced me to give him a blow job. I cried and pleaded no during the latter action. I vomited immediately afterwards.I admit my fault in this event: yes, I was drunk, but I remember most of it and I did NOT want to partake. The next day, I bled profusely from the fingering (I had never even done more than kiss one person) and the guys joked with me about "all of the action" I had received. They did not consider it rape. I did not consider it rape until I told my counselor who I was already seeing due to having a doctor diagnosed case of bulimia. In addition, I had a "friend" there to confirm it-- AKA a very close friend was dating the pee guy at the time. She was drunker than me and she was only 15, so she wasn’t reliable, but she “confirmed” the blow job. I don’t even want to know what happened to her that night with the pee guy.The next week, the two guys told everyone I got drunk and fucked them. I dropped out of botany class, which I had with both of them. I was later suspended from school for having drugs (pot) on my person. No joke, I spiraled in the most cliché way possible. The only person I ever told at the time was my brother, who is younger than me and did not react well. He punched the blow job guy at a bar about six years ago, but fortunately wasn’t arrested. The rape did a lot of damage to me mentally and, no, I never reported it. Despite the issues I faced in senior year, I went to college, continued therapy, and although I am not perfect now, I defeated bulimia, accepted that I was raped, was diagnosed with bipolar and went on meds, and essentially was totally stabilized. I graduated years ago and now have a successful career in copywriting, a bf of 4 years, and a cat.I am now 26 and it is bordering on the "10 year anniversary” of my rape. I have no belief that I can report what happened to me to the police, nor am I stupid enough to believe that saying anything at this age would make a difference for any past or future victims. Despite this, I was recently added to the admin group for my 10 year high school anniversary by an acquaintance of mine who is running the event. These two assholes are on the admin board as well. I blocked the rapist both years ago and had essentially forgotten their facebooks existed. To keep it short and sweet: I really, really want to confront them. I want to message them and ask them why they did this to me. I want to ask them why they told everyone it was consensual. I want to tell them the damage it did. I want to show them my arms, which are completely covered in scars. I want to ask blow job guy if my brother hospitalized him. I want to see if, at nearly 30, they are even remotely human.Reddit, tell me, is this a terrible idea?(As a pre-emptive edit: I have thought about reaching out to the girl who was there that night, but she has 2 small kids now and I don't want to fuck with her life. We have not spoken in 8 years. I was not pleasant to her the last time I saw her around 5 years ago. Reaching out to her seems like a terrible idea).
I went a long time thinking I cheated on my boyfriend..and hell, maybe I did. I don't know. I had sex with my boyfriend's identical twin brother one night when I was black out drunk. I don't remember a second of it. I was in a large t-shirt when I woke up next to my boyfriend's brother and I asked him what happened the previous night. I was devastated when I received an answer. My boyfriend had been cheated on before and was very mean to me. I didn't blame him. I became severally depressed over the whole thing. Since I was blackout drunk, was I raped? The main thing stopping me from thinking this---apparently when I first met my boyfriend's twin (while drunk) I was hitting on him quite a bit. idk. I'm a piece of shit apparently. At least when I'm drunk.Edit: Just to make things clear. I don't remember this, but he does. That's how I know it happened. I didn't find out who initiated it. Does that matter? I was drunk and he...idk....not as drunk as me. I really don't know. I'm convinced I'm shit and should die.
Alright, I have just received this letter tonight and I am under-going some emotional processing. Maybe this is not such a good idea to turn to this community, atleast so soon, but I really need to vent/hear from others.Okay, some backstory: We met here at college, began dating about 12 weeks ago, broke up just before our holiday break. She broke up with me, pointing to issues she has had going through some trauma with her ex, adjusting to the college experience, etc. I was very receptive and I felt very good about the footing in which we left it: open, honest and with potential for a friendship in our future.After getting back from break, I have attempted to reach out to her through text on 2 separate occasions just to check in, catch-up and get a little closure, if you will, as to how we were both doing and feeling about ending our relationship. No response. For approximately 10 days I had heard nothing from her. I began getting exceedingly frustrated and hurt, and felt that this was a very insulting move to pull, especially based on how we left it.Fast forward to tonight, and I get a knock at my door. A mutual friend delivers me a letter, dated for tonight, written by her. To summarize, she begins with explaining that the very start of our relationship was done recklessly. The day we met, she had been coming down from an LSD high, and the emotions she thought she felt for me, looking back, she takes to be just symptoms of the drug and their effects of inter-connectedness.Moving ahead in the letter, she begins to outline her serious apprehensions to my sexual behavior. She says I am 'an extremely sexually aggressive person.' She recalls on instance in which, upon cuddling up in bed together, I reached her hand towards my erection. I remember that night in question, and remember her reaction of pulling back and how she felt that forward-ness was very Not Okay by her. I remember being very understanding, coming off of a 3-year relationship myself in which the attitudes towards physicality were different, and I needed to recognize and under-go this period and person-to-person adjustment. She says she was 'mortified.' This is also a girl who, before coming to college, had a long relationship with a person who was extremely mentally unstable, and she uses her experience to explain why she couldn't communicate her feelings of objection properly.Now to the particular night in question:She goes on to detail how, one day, I had woken up in the middle of the night at some point and began to try to have sex with her. She uses the term 'fucking' if I am being accurate (the only time in which she uses an expletive in the whole letter, the rest is very well articulated and calm) , and she says 'As I recall, I let you, even though I was actually really not down. [I] don't know what your intention was with that, whether or not you were coming from a place of malice, but that particular incident was most definitely not consensual: I consider it rape, though that word applies to a whole spectrum of situations, that's what it feels like to me. I went along with it because honestly I didn't know what else to do. Because I was honestly scared to say no, because when I said no in the past, it was met by a very scary reaction.' From there she goes on to say that from that point on, my presence and our relationship continued to make her more and more stressed out until she finally had to break it off in this very cut-and-dry way.Oh man, I wrote alot. I suppose I started this post with the intention of questioning the validity of her claim, but more than anything I just need some perspective. I feel like shit. Absolute shit. I want to chalk this up to miscommunication, but knowing that to someone out there I am a rapist and a source of trauma weighs heavy on my soul. I would be happy to provide more detail in the comments to those who ask for it, but for now I will leave it at that.TL;DR Ex-girlfriend sends me a detailed letter outlining an incident in which she feels I raped her. That was not my intent. I feel like shit. Need some perspective.P.S. While I appreciate all thoughts, I especially value any female insight on the issue.
*TRIGGER WARNING* I'm sorry if this is really long, & very detailed, but I really need to know that my emotions & feelings are validated in this situation since I was just coming into adulthood when this happened, and it happened with someone I thought I could trust & who loved me. So, brief overview. I'm a 23 y/o woman. This happened about 5 years ago, summer of 2011. I was dating a guy who was 3 years older than myself, & we had been dating for a little under 2 years. Everything was totally great, he was what seemed to be a good guy at the time. Very emotional & connected to his 'sensitive' side. He was also into some freaky things, but I didn't mind at first because it was pretty mutual. I would spend the weekends at his place. We would be getting into it, & would then try to coax me into using sex toys I was not comfortable using, not to mention he would take it upon himself to buy said toys without my approval & surprise me with new ones on a semi-regular basis... Most of the time he'd understand, but other times he would not, and would just gag me and act is if nothing wrong was happening, I got over that because at the end of it I had expressed my feelings about it all, & as a couple we moved on & understood one another better, or so I thought. Fast forward a couple of months & I am beginning to get distant. He doesn't understand why I was turning down sex, & to be honest, I was confused too. I knew something wasnt right, but I felt bad about not being intimate with one another, so as uncomfortable as it would make me sometimes ie. Watching a movie on the couch together & his boner is against me grinding up against me while I'm totally visibly not into, I would still agree to it, but only after we had watched said movie, finished cooking, etc. We had some mutual friends, and some friends I had met through him. Us & a handful of other people were at his friends house for a small 'party' (not really a party, more like a barbecue, swim & drink kinda thing) & everyone was having a good time. By the end of the night I was fairly toasted thanks to the wine I was enjoying the whole night, when my then boyfriend suggested we go to the bedroom. Now it's not the first time we had spent the night at his friends house, so I knew the room that we would be given. We didn't head to that room. We headed to another large, well lit room with 2 beds, directly across from one another. Okay, no bid deal, maybe someone else was in our usual room. All seemed well, & we started to undress each other, and by that time, he & I were completely naked & making out pretty heavily. He had duct taped my hands & feet, which wasn't unusual because it has happened before & I enjoyed it. What was weird is that it was duct tape, & not our usual red 'play tape'. He then proceeds to ask me if I wanted his friend, let's just call him 'Nick', to join us & he knew how I had always wanted to be 'filled up by two men'. I told him no, over & over again, & even in my mildly drunken state, I knew what I was saying. He told me 'relax baby, I love you, I know you'll enjoy this' then left to, I assume, get 'Nick', but I was secretly hoping he wasn't serious.  I had no way of getting out of the bed, nonetheless over to the door to open it as it was a good 3 foot drop from the bed & at least 5 feet to the door, & I was completely naked. I laid there not knowing what to do. In fact, I didn't even think he was being serious. He walks in with 'Nick', they both proceed to strip down. My boyfriend started to eat me out with my legs forced & held in the air as his friend pinned me down & kissed me disgustingly hard & very sloppy. They were both drunk as skunks. His friend turned on an album by a very popular male artist (I can't listen to his music anymore at all anymore, it brings flashbacks) & all I could do was lay there moaning & wincing while they had their way with me. I was exhausted & all I wanted was to go to bed, all the while my boyfriend was petting my hair & holding me, telling me I was such a good girl & that he loved me. At the time I knew something was really wrong with this whole situation, yet I didn't bring it up or mention it to anyone. I thought it was just a fetish I was helping him enjoy & that I would come to enjoy. Eventually, we broke up, he actually broke it off with me for being too 'emotionally distant' & that we weren't 'fulfilling the sexual needs which were a means of emotional & mental release' for him & myself. He cried to me about it for a whole night, which made me feel terrible about it all.Im not looking for anyone to validate that I was raped, I know I was. It just took me time to realize because I was so in love with him. I haven't told many people about this, especially my parents. Only my two best friends, & my most recent boyfriend, unfortunately, we are no longer together. I don't have many people to talk to about it because I'm still afraid, to this day, to be shamed about it. I think I really just needed a place to vent about this without any judgement. 
A girl who I've been getting to know seems to be interested in me, but she recently told me that she had been raped a few times (it wasn't the point of the conversation, but it ended up coming out) and has PTSD from it. I'm unsure about things going forward, like I feel that it would be a bad move for me to put my arm around her or try to hold her hand when we're walking somewhere, or try to kiss her etc... I have no idea what is comfortable and what isn't for her, but I'm unsure about just asking her because I feel like when you do that it can sort of make things feel serious and a bit scary and implying commitment etc.
Hi everyone, throwaway account for obvious reasons but I will keep this short. I was on a dating site and had met up with this girl I click with very well but she acts like everything she does is wrong due to her past and mental damage.. E.g she will ask my permission to go to the bathroom, get food and basic things like that.. I know it's not my fault but it makes me feel really bad. Making matters worse I am a 6'4 bodybuilder and weigh 3 times as much as her which I think might be a problem for her to due her past? (she is 4'9 and very skinny) The short version is that this girl is super amazing to me but has a guilt complex and I want to help if I can. Outside of therapy what can I do to make her feel like an equal person? I have been with her for close to 3 months. Thanks for any help / similar experiences
Using a throwaway account so my friends don't see this.I also posted this on /r/relationships but it was taken down, so I'm posting here insteadSo this happened 3 hours ago, and I'm still kind of shaken up so I'll just start from the beginning.Me and Katie (fake name) have been dating for over 3 years, and have known eachother for over 7. We have a long relationship going, and we love eachother. We currently live in separate places. So after taking her to get dinner, we decided to head to my place to fool around. We watched some shows, and eventually we started kissing. She stopped and told me that she wanted to try butt stuff, and as a joke I asked who was going to be recieving. She told me that she wanted to try sticking a finger up in me, and I told her no, butt stuff grosses me out regardless who is doing what to whom. So we continued kissing, and she just kept asking and asking.I eventually got annoyed and told her no again, and she immediately reached her hand down my pants and started giving me a handjob. I assumed she was done asking, and I attempted to return the favor, but she refused. I'm just going to describe stuff in detail as I remember it, and it may be NSFW.So she continued to jerk me off, and giggled a bit, and I was okay with it even with her weird questions. She was still trying to touch my butt and I let her just touch the cheek because I assumed that would turn her on for some fucking reason. I thought that since she kept asking, then it was something she was into, and I was pretty uncomfortable with it, but I let it happen because I could tell she was getting horny.Even with feeling uncomfortable, I start to cum. I tell her and she decides to fucking go for it. She stuck her finger up there as I was getting off, and I did the best I could to throw her away from me as far as I could, yelling at her "Stop"She just went to the bathroom to wash her hands or something and I was fucking freaked out and shaking. I hated it, I told her to not do it and she did it anyways, I felt betrayed, I felt molested. I just laid down and faced away from her, because I couldn't really face her or talk to her. She laid down next to me and asked if I liked it, and I told her no. She then asked if I was embarresed or if I molested you and I just told her yes. She seemed to feel bad, and told me that she didn't want to hurt me. I just told her to go home. She started crying and said she was sorry and left, I didn't really want to go after her. She texted me saying that she doesn't want this to ruin our relationship and that she loves me and she didn't want to do that if I didn't want it. I told her that I still loved her but I need to be alone right now, and shes still currently blowing up my phone with apologies but I don't care to respond right now.What do I do, reddit? I still love her and I want this relationship to continue but I don't know if I can look at her the same. I feel like she tried to manipulate me into doing something that I obviously didn't want to do with the handjob, and I feel broken. I cringe whenever I think of that last moment and I want to cry. Was this rape? What should I do? What should I say? Do I continue to date her?I'm sorry if I didn't describe my feelings very well, I'm very broken up right now.TLDR; Girlfriend of 3 years I think raped me, not sure how to proceed.
Rape is Rape: Calling Things By Their Proper NamePosted on 01/09/2016“Rape is a more heinous crime than murder since the rape victim dies throughout the period she lives.”The Starbucks I tell people is on 7Th Ave South but is really on Grove Street in The Village is where I was when I found out my friend was raped. I hate that it was here, because it’s the Starbucks where shitty kids steal earned belongings from half-decent people like me when we ask the neighboring table to keep an eye on them. So now, not only am I grieving for my friend, I have to keep my eyes clear enough to see these thieves.Fuck it, I figure, let the tears come.My friend was raped in the front seat of a car by a boy she trusted enough to give her a ride home from the movie they watched and laughed at together. I could have taken the 1 uptown, walked a couple blocks, hopped on the D, and been at her door within two hours, but I could only sit there and think about what must have been going through her head when she grew tired of fighting back and finally figured it was better to let him finish so he could kiss her goodnight and not understand where her tears came from. He didn’t understand. He thought they were born in joy.After all, she did accept the ride home, and she did flirt back, and she did kiss him, and you know how women are always playing hard to get. She wanted it, right? These tears are joyful tears. I imagine she played the conversations with her best friends and parents and cops and doctors over and over in her head, and after she spoke, they would all ask the same question, “So what did you do to cause it?” or “You should have known better.” In each scenario in her head, she takes the fall.I kept reading with tight fists, wishing she knew to find him now. She goes on in her story about her life after him. I’m waiting for part where she brings in the cops. I’m reading faster because I need to get to the part where she tells her father. I imagine me as the father of a daughter who’s been raped. I imagine there being no known force to remove my fingers from inside the rapists’ chest. I have a son, and I would do the same for him if he’s raped, but that fear doesn’t come into my everyday thoughts. I read on, never finding satisfaction.She kept living because she didn’t know how not to. She kept breathing, and showing up at practice, and attempting to trust and love and kiss boys who she’d never tell about what happened that night. She didn’t know what else to do but go on.In the years that followed that story, more friends have shared their stories with me. Strangers have come and sat with me, inboxed me, and simply stopped me on the street to talk about what happened to them. Rape happened to them. A society that asks women to keep the semen in their vaginas and on their pencil skirts and in their hair until the police eventually arrive happened to them.Sexism happened too, and it’s being fed and nurtured by the crusaders against racism. It’s tricky that way.Last week I stopped at a little bookstore in Burlington, VT and bought my first work by Pearl Cleage, “Deals With The Devil. And Other Reasons To Riot.” I fucked up and should have left it where I found it. She writes about her days on the Hilltop at Howard, having her feet and hands tied by a boyfriend who promised to never let another man have her since he couldn’t. I didn’t flinch, because I know that story. I’m trying now to save a former friend from an pre-physically abusive relationship, but she won’t speak to me. I’m still trying. I did throw the book across the room when Cleage recalls the chorus of Black men singing out their objections to Black women authors’ versions of Black relationships. How opposed those men were to Alice Walker’s The Color Purple and Ntozake Shange’s For Colored Girls, but how silent they were when Black male violence in real life was being condoned, taught, glamorized then ignored.I hated how I felt standing in that bookstore on Church St. unable to imagine how painful it must be to want someone to fight you, knowing the culture is not set up for that. To see something so clear that you begin believing you’re crazy when others don’t see it too. Cleage ended a paragraph with “I wonder how much good all those poems about beautiful African queens can do in the face of a backhand slap across the mouth and a merciless rape in the bedroom of your own house.” Welcome to the house. I threw the book.With deep side eyes, I’m looking at my friends who surprised me with their apologist behaviors. The only women who were ever raped are the women they know personally; all others are liars. So easy it was for them to believe their friends from college and that cousin from the north, but they somehow manage to find the strangers’ stories too complex; too difficult.“He didn’t rape her,” they say. “Why would she wait twenty years to say anything?” Perhaps she went on living. Perhaps she didn’t wait 20 years and told those she knew would help her get through it, not those who would make her relive it over and over and over and then do nothing to help her cleanse her spirit of that night.“They knew what they went over there for,” they say. “Who shows up at man’s house at midnight, drunk, knowing drugs were present.” And I think about the times I found myself in a drug den in Beverly Hills after midnight with questionable characters and what could have happened. I think about my friends who are spewing this ignorance and the situations in which they’ve found themselves. Are they insane? Do they realize the number of times they could have opened their eyes to someone thrusting away on top of them?My friend thinks Bill isn’t a rapist. He also has no idea why his fiancé, also my friend, has trust issues with men. I know because she told me. She’s scared to tell him now. She’s scared he’ll call her a liar. Or worse, he’ll console her and make her wonder if it’s genuine, especially after all he’s said about the women like her.“He’s a cheater and a sociopath and a pervert and a obviously disturbed, but he didn’t rape those women,” they say. “They’re just trying to make a dollar while bringing greatness down.”On the phone he told the woman to tell her mother about the orgasm the woman never knew she had.There are the women who have never been raped, or don’t know they were raped because definitions in their household are blurred, that say, “If I was raped, I wouldn’t wait so long. I would speak out immediately and bring him down.” I point them in the direction of:1. The women who spoke out immediately and watched nothing happen to their rapists.2. The many thousands of women in the military who report it knowing nothing will happen to their rapists because nothing has ever happened to a rapist in the military.3. My friends who’ve been raped and are speaking out about their thoughts on rape before they were raped and their thoughts on rape after they were raped.But they still don’t listen.I’m afraid I have friends who don’t know where the line is drawn. I’m afraid I have more friends that have been raped but haven’t spoken up because they’re not sure how to say, “I went over to have sex, and get high, and drink, but before I could consent to the sex part, I couldn’t feel my feet, and the next thing I knew, I was waking up.” I’m afraid I have friends who have entered women who said “no” repeatedly, but though it was a part of the “game she was playing.”And I’m afraid the definition of rape changed without anyone’s consent. Too many men and women are looking for the woman crying in the shower, skin bleeding from scrubbing, still in ripped panties and a black eye. There are photos knocked over in the living room, a lock has been popped, and a door has been kicked in. To them, this is what rape really is, and nothing more.Meanwhile, they work hard to make a liar of the woman in flawless makeup in a classroom waiting for her students to enter because teaching them about French Literature is the only thing getting her through the day.And here I am, just writing because I don’t know what else to do. Write and teach my son and his friends and my cousins what is right and what isn’t. Writing because I’m tired of Charles Davis being the exception and not the rule when speaking out about Black male responsibility without pigeonholing or dealing in respectability politics. Maybe even a part of me believes that by sharing facts with my “rapey” friends who, like Dana Scully, will find every excuse to ignore truth because it means everything must now be questioned, even their own actions, saying “rape culture” won’t stop further discourse. “They weren’t raped. What he did wasn’t rape,” leaves women with less adequate words to describe a situation to themselves and anyone who asks. I suspect after hearing this for so long, I’d not come forward either until I was able.And should I have a daughter before society is better, I’ll teach her to set herself on fire when men come to speak.- Darnell Lamont Walker
I had never done this before. Was on my way to work, saw her on the bus, spent the whole ride trying to figure out how to talk to her. Playing conversations out in my head of what to say was making me nervous, had my heart pounding. A few stops before I would have had to get off for work, she gets off, shes the only one getting off at that stop. I (think audibly) say fuck it, hop of the bus at her stop and call to get her attention.   HOLY AWKWARD. I struggled to get words out, fumbled through the interaction, said some dumb (not offensive, just obvious or poorly stated) things. Ended up getting enough words together to ask if she would be interested in getting coffee or something sometime. She says that sounds good, hands me her phone to give her my number before I even asked for hers. She texts me a few hours later, and we arrange coffee. GREAT!  That was the first interaction. Two days go by, and we meet for coffee. End up talking for 4 hours, conversation is flowing, we are getting along great, both seem to be comfortable with each other. It gets late, we part ways. Went well I'd say.  Third interaction. Now at this point, I know the vague area, of where she lives based on walking back with her the night prior, after coffee. She's near where I work, so as I am ending my shift I pop her a text saying I'm gonna want food when finish, if she wants to come along Id buy her dinner. She's in, GREAT! I meet up with her when I finish and we head to the place we settled on. We get there, order drinks. My understanding prior to this is that she simply doesn't really drink. What ever, that's cool. So then when she orders a beer I ask "so do you drink when out, but not go out just to drink." She explains she was referring to going out drinking and how shes had some bad experiences. Then she looks up for a moment and says, it was about 7 months ago. Naturally, given the topic, I cautiously ask about what was 7 months ago.This is when, keep in mind this is the 3rd time we have met, she begins to explain how she was drugged and raped. I don't want to reiterate the details of the explanation as it's not my place, but coming out if it, it was clear she is interested in me, but also extremely cautious. She explained she is still struggling to place her trust in people, and open up more. She is "trying to mend her idea of relations ships" and isn't sure of how she wants this (meaning, things with me) to go.  This is where I am looking for input. I want to be supportive of her, but still make it clear I like her. Understanding the events she shared, I can now understand her cautiousness but am not sure how to move forward. Do I let her kind of lead things, or do I still propose going out? I'm not sure how to put into words, all the things that have been going through my head since she shared this, so general suggestions would be greatly appreciated. I should mention, I have never been in a relationship, made out with a girl etc, so moving forward, things that would make me nervous about those things are amplified by trying to be understanding but at the same time still express interest. This is the last thing I expected when I jumped off that bus. TL;DR I [22M] just asked out [21F] who I did not know prior, on the 2nd time out, (3rd time we had ever talked) told me she was drugged and raped less than a year ago, looking for input on moving forward.
Hey reddit, I am having trouble deciding whether or not to tell my therapist about my abuse. Since I was a minor at the time, I know she will be legally required to report it. The problem is that I have no evidence left to prove any contact between us ever occurred so if it goes to court it might just traumatize me even more.Backstory: I was 14 at the time and a 17 year old guy from my school started talking to me. I was going through a really rough time so I developed feelings for him pretty quickly. The first time we hung out he drove me to his apartment and convinced me to give him a hand job. I was really uncomfortable but didn't say anything. The next time I didn't want to do it but he guilt tripped me saying "this is what people who care about each other do" and "I can't take you home until i get off because I will get blue balls and it hurts really badly."After that it only escalated. I felt trapped. He would get on top of me and joke about being a rapist and face fuck me until my mouth bled. Most of the rape was not penetration until the very end. He threatened to tell my parents if I didn't go with him each time he wanted me and little did I know that would have been the better option. This continued on until his 18th birthday when he moved away and then it was all over.This happened 7 years ago and I feel like it is affecting me worse than ever. I've been struggling with depression, anxiety, and self harm for as long as I can remember and I'm now on meds and talking to a counselor, just not about the abuse. I have horrible nightmares and get triggered by the tiniest things.I used to have texts/Facebook messages from a couple of years ago of him apologizing but I deleted everything. Is there any point in pursuing legal actual if I won't win anyway?
When I was 12 years old I traveled to another country out of the United States for about 2 months. I met my cousins for the first time with my other siblings (sister, brother) and it was great at first. We even ate dinner that they cooked for us the first night we met them. Around 2 months that I was there we all got close, my older cousin and he was 23, my younger cousin and she was 15/16, and the other older sister was married and lived in an apartment. The mom and the dad lived with the 23, and 15 year old. Everyday and the 15 year old would hang out a lot and I got close to her like a sister and my older cousin like a brother. I always thought that I had a tiny crush on my older cousin just cause he was older and a boy. I'm only 12, I have no intention of doing anything. I was a little girl who hasn't even gone to sixth grade yet. The day before I leave when the 2 months is almost done. He kissed me and touched me for about 10-15 minutes. I didn't know what to do. I was shocked and weirded out and didn't know what to do. This was the first time I ever gotten kissed and touched for that matter. I knew I was leaving the next day. And I decided it would be best to shut my mouth and not saying anything because no one nor myself was in the mood for drama. I didn't even know if anyone would believe me. In sixth grade I got depressed and starting self harming myself. I tried killing myself a couple days before my birthday and I lost my friends and was also kind of bullied by girls who I thought were my best friend. Normal, not normal it happened. It happens a lot. I didn't know what it was that first made me so depressed and started self harming. Everything at the beginning was okay , my friends were nice life wasn't bad. I continued to self harm and eventually I got sent to a residential program at age 13. I ended up staying for about 3 weeks and my parents took me out and gave me a chance. Once I got out I cut myself and my parents didn't know what to do. They sent me back to my cousins and I was only supposed to go for a week and I ended up getting convinced by my parents to stay there longer. I didn't think it would be so long and I can come home whenever I want and it didn't go that way. I don't blame them completely. Sometimes I understand they wanted better for me and wanted me to heal with "time" but sometimes I don't. The first day I saw him again he touched me again and made me touch him. I was 13 I felt weird, I felt nasty and gross. I felt overwhelmed and stupid and weak. I didn't know what to do. I couldn't even choke out a no. At first I ignored it and said this is what people do. But in the back of my head I knew it wasn't true. Everyday that I was there he touched me and kissed me and no penetration involved. For 3 months. On the 4th month he decided it was time for him. I was sleeping one morning and he wakes me up and next thing I know sexual intercourse is happening. It was so sudden and unexpected. I didn't know what I was doing or what was really happening. It hurt a lot. And I was a 13 year old girl with blood dripping from my vaginal area for the next two days. He told me not to say anything and I promised that I wouldn't. And I didn't. The next day it happened again and I was woken up once again. I thought it wouldn't happen again and I was wrong. It happened that morning again. I was leaving a week later and I completely managed to avoid him for a while. My brother came to visit and now we were staying somewhere else and I never went to see them again. On the day we are about to leave we go to visit them and I finally see him once again. I said bye and he said bye. The whole time after I stopped visiting my cousins he begged me everyday to see him and to have sex with him. I finally felt like I had the power to say no and my brother who was 17 at the time would defend me. So I felt better. It was now time to go to 8th grade. I was always depressed and trying to kill myself and cutting myself. I began to be more open to boys and people after a while. I never had sex with anyone of them but we did stuff and I treated it like nothing. It felt really bad though. After a year and a half I finally told my mom and dad and sister and brother and the whole family knows now. We opened a case in the country that it happened. And nothing happened to him. It's okay. I knew nothing would anyways. I guess my dad was embarrassed and told me he was in jail. And then I found out he wasn't.When I went again, to visit my grandparents (the whole family lives in one building) I saw him coming through the main door on the floor. I was shocked. He was supposed to be in "jail". He wasn't of course. I was now in 9th grade starting high-school and I met more guys. I was an amazing student, had amazing grades and was even taking extra classes. My parents were proud. I then started smoking and stopped going to school and got antisocial. I started hanging out with a crowd at school and I started doing more drugs. Next thing you know I was running away from home and staying with other people. A couple of times I had sex with other people and was drugged out on Xanax all the time. It happened even if I didn't know what was going on but it did. I was then popping Xanax and smoking and even doing cocaine a few times. I hanged out with my drug dealer and I popped too many Xanax and woke up on his couch next to him. I felt weird, so I left. I then got into a relationship with what I thought was a nice guy, and is a pretty nice guy and then we weren't doing drugs but we were getting drunk and getting high a lot. I treated sex like it was so normal and nothing at the time. So I guess the relationship we had for a month or two was "healthy" even though it wasn't. A couple months later I get admitted into the psych hospital and was court ordered to a 5 day drug program and then got court ordered to a rehab for drugs. I stayed there for 4 days and ran away from that city. I ended up on a very crowded beach in Miami (Called Miami beach) and was raped by some dude and I was cracked out on cocaine and the girl I ran away with was a meth addict. She some how got cocaine and crack and I did it. No hesitation. For my first time smoking crack and it was gross. She also got weed, but I think it was laced cause I ended up knocking out on the beach. A familiar voice I heard during the day was on top of me because I'm pretty sure he followed me after my friend was talking to him for an hour. I immediately sobered up I was probably sleeping for an hour or two because I remember being it close to dawn by the time I fell asleep. It was dark outside still but his features were not hard to see. I tried to nudge him off me and told him to stop and raising my voice and also saying that I wanted to go to the bathroom too. The next morning I woke up immediately knew I had to get out of there. I was sitting somewhere on the beach and the same guy from yesterday asks me if I'm feeling okay. I knew why, and I felt grossed out and waited til he left. He left and I went to the first person I saw and asked to use her phone. I called my best friend and started crying and I found a way to get to her house. I ended up at her house a day later and then I got caught by police and was sent back to rehab. It has been around 4-5 months since all this happened. No guys, just trying to recover and feel better. Sometimes I feel like I'm fucked up in the head and everyday I hate myself because I feel like a dirty slut and used up so much. I'm still under the legal age (18) and still in high-school although I don't actually go to a school and just do my work through a computer as well. There are days I wake up and regret not saying no to my cousin. I feel like my body is not private anymore. I feel like I have lost all my right to protect myself and power. I feel like a dirty rag that has been used and washed too many times by different users (I haven't had sex with a bunch of guys) but the feeling is still gross. Sometimes I'm mean when I'm in a bad mood to my family members and I feel bad because I don't know how to deal or cope with the issues and the pain I feel. I know I need therapy but It never worked out. I don't know what to do about the way I feel. I know regret won't change anything I just hate myself. I feel like the only thing I had when I was younger was my private body and I was once told to only do things like sex with someone you love and its the one thing a woman will carry. I think about that everyday. I feel old, like an old woman with too much experience. I feel like I lost my childhood. I feel ugly and insecure and I hate the reflection that sits across the steamed mirror from the hot showers I need to take to get my mind clear. No matter how many showers I take and healthy food I eat I never feel clean or pure. No matter how many drugs I take the thoughts come back. And being sober makes the thoughts even worse. I've been sober for a while though. And the feelings get so over whelming i don't know what to do. Sorry for the long post. I haven't talked to anyone about the way I feel. I mean who wants to hear about this depressing shit on any given day. Definitely not my older sister or mom. No one really cares. But it's out now. That feels good enough. Thanks. 
Okay I posted this at offmychest and got some responses but for the first time last night before midnight I contacted a hotline and talked to a woman that said I would have trouble legally winning if I wanted to go that route which I do not want to or plan to do. She said I gave permission to the guy to do everything that happened which after reading my post is clear. But I also said stop repeatedly.  I need help in deciding if I have the right to feel violated and if what happened was wrong or not. Thank you for taking the time to read. https://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/3e0y6f/im_not_sure_if_i_was_raped_or_not_a_month_ago/I'm mostly wondering about the first time he and I had sex not the other times he came over to my house and we hung out in my basement. That first night was the one that makes me wonder if that helps.
So we are taking a break for a month or 2 as we have some issues we need to work through(Not important to the story).So last night we were at a party. I had to leave and she said she would stay the night. Earlier that night she announced to everyone that we were on a break and one of the guys instantly got close to her. he hung around her the whole night. So when I left I talked to her and offered to take her home. She declined but said she did feel uncomfortable with that guy. I told her to be safe and she said she would. She planned on spending the night there.Here's where it all goes to speculation. Last night he said that she and him had sex. He admits that. He says they went out to the fire pit and he initiated by kissing her and they ended up having sex. He even said he sent his friend away so they were alone and admits and actually said the words "took advantage of her". She says she can't remember anything other than being kissed and feeling cold(Presumably from lack of clothing). She says she remembers bits of it like that and the kissing but not the actual sex. SHe also said she had had a shot and 3 beers after I left.So either way she was drunk. He said she gave consent and was 100% interested herself but she says she can't remember. The host was asleep but assures me "if she said stop he'd have stopped". But you can't really give consent when your drunk right?So here's where I feel like an ass. I went to comfort her this morning and all she's worried about is the chance of us getting back together. She is worried about stds and pregnancy(She has the implant) but not as much as how I will react. I am worried about her. I told her she needs to find out what happpend exactly, get tested, talk to her parents, and talk to a school counselor. She said she would do all of it but not talk to her parents as she is scared of what they will do. I told her if it would help I will do it. SO tomorrow morning before class I am sitting down with her mom and telling her what happened. I am already prepared to miss school if the discussion turns to that. I really want to help her any way I can and have told her I'd do anything.She just wants to forget about it. She doesn't want to think about it or anything. She wants to let it blow over and I told her that can't happen. She has to do something. Personally I want to find the guy and kill him or at least beat him until his jaw is dislocated permanently. I know that's extreme but i feel like I need top do something.Here's where I make it about me. I feel horrible that her first thoughts were about us. I want her to worry about her. But Idk who to believe. She can't remember anything and it makes it really hard. My stomach drops and I feel like I'm going to throw up thinking about another guy inside of her. I don't know how to get over that. I'd never tell her this and she is the one who was violated so I should only be worried about her. I also can't keep but thinking if I made her go with me or if I didn't suggest a break that night then nothing would have happened. I know I shouldn't feel that way but it's hard not to.Help me please. I am doing all I can but I feel selfish still.tl;dr: Gf got raped or not? She was probably drunk and I am doing all I can to help but she doesn't want to do anything. I feel selfish for thinking about myself during all of this too. Advice?
Sorry for the novel. Four years ago, I was attacked by my ex “stepdad”. I will give a little background.. He married my mom when I was about 11 years old. From that time leading up to the point when he assaulted me, he would grab me inappropriately (my butt, nipples for example) and make sexual comments/advances when no one was around. Stupidly I let this slide, not wanting to cause any drama. I just tried to write it off, verbally refusing him, etc. Anyway, on the night of the incident I went out with some friends and got a little drunk. After the party they dropped me off at my apartment that I shared with him and my mom. No one else was home. I went directly to my room, locked the door, and went to sleep. I wake up a while later with a shaved head between my legs. At first, in my drunken, dazed, state I think it's my fiance (who is away with the military). After about 5 seconds I realize it's not my fiance and I start pushing him off of me. I say WTF ARE YOU DOING GET AWAY FROM ME! He says I know you liked it don't try to hide it. He tries to go down on me again so I kicked him hard and told him to gtf out of my room. He stops, goes up to the head of the bed to get in my face and says, “Don't tell your pussy ass boyfriend, I wouldn't wanna have to hurt him. “ he then walks out of my room. I then get up, fumble around and grab my keys, and run out of the apartment. I get in my car immediately. He follows me out there, trying to stop me saying that he was drunk, he didn't mean to, he thought I would understand, etc etc. I proceed to lock him out of my car and drive away. I parked at a nearby parking lot and called 911. Police were dispatched to my home but he had already fled the scene. The police questioned me about what happened. I answered their questions honestly. They asked if I was injured, if I needed an ambulance. Not knowing any better, I said no, I am not physically injured. They posted a cop there to keep watch the rest of the night so I could go to bed. Well, I took a bath. I know it was stupid. I didn't think ahead, all I knew was that I felt filthy and I just wanted to wash it all away. Turns out I must've washed away all my evidence against him. The next day, they brought me to the hospital, did a rape kit, took my phone for evidence, interviewed me…. All of this was very traumatic. About a week later, I got my phone back. I never heard anything else from the authorities. I still haven't gotten over it, though. Since that day, it's been four years. Since that day, I've married my best friend and had two kids with him. They are beautiful and perfect. Still not over it. I have constant intrusive thoughts and bad dreams about it. Help me…. 
I'm sorry if this post doesn't make sense. I spent hours writing and rewriting this so it's a bit of a franken-post.And just to be clear, it's not the rape part I'm struggling with, it's the cutting ties part. I think by not cutting ties immediately and by not speaking up about it, I've been excusing his behavior and making it easier for him to believe it wasn't a big deal or that I did want it. Long story short: Someone I thought was my friend got me way past drunk ( My weakness is free drinks) and took advantage of me sexually: Fingered me and tried to get me to give him a handjob ('no' was said more than once). One of my conditions for forgiveness was that if he was truly sorry and it never happened to anyone again then I could forgive him (basically: did you learn something?) It has recently become evident that he absolutely did not learn anything. Maybe he isn't going to rape/sexually assault anyone else but he isn't taking responsibility for what he did. Highlights include trying to convince me I wanted it, complaining about all the hoops he jumped through to regain my trust (no you didn't! you didn't respect the conditions I put in place (no alcohol while together, can only hang out if at least one other person is present, etc.) and then waited for me to get over it. You literally did nothing. I'm not even convinced his sorry was sincere. And he doesn't like me "holding what happened over his head". Excuse me?? I've brought it up a handful of times when it's been bothering me or relevant (this guy hides behind being honest and wanting things in the open but can't handle when I address a (massive) issue I'm having with our friendship? so mad). It's not like we're arguing about what restaurant to go to and I pull that out as a trump card to get my way. Among other things, he has been treating me more like a girlfriend than a friend (I miss you texts for example). And it all just adds up to one big pile of nope. I don't know why I thought this was a friendship worth salvaging. We've known each other for less than a year. I've become very attached to the friends I met through him and will miss them a lot; I'll even miss this guy but it's time to cut the cord. I'm finally ready to grow a pair and pull my head out of my ass. The friends are just unfortunate collateral damage. Not only is it disrespectful to myself to remain in contact with him, it's disrespectful to the guy I've been seeing for the past few months. We [the 'friend' and I] got in an argument recently about him being clingy and just not acting like a friend (doing things he wouldn't do with his male friends).I started to write a "breakup" script but I'm not really sure what I should cover in it. I think I want to define it as rape/sexual assault and not just 'the incident'. We have just been referring to it as 'what happened' and other equally ambiguous names. Which I think is excusing what happened. I wanted to include counterpoints to all his 'whaaah poor me' points (held over his head, I've been ignoring him, "I did sooooooo much to earn your trust back", etc). He even had the gall to imply that it was a good thing it happened because it meant we 'had to' talk more. To be fair he back pedaled quickly after he said it but he still said it! I am not sure how to word everything. I was using accusatory language "you did this; you did that" but maybe I should be using 'I feel' statements? "Worst case, you're a rapist, best case sexual assault. You didn't respect me or my boundaries" etc. vs "I feel disrespected"? I bounce between wanting to be really harsh and seeing him squirm and not wanting to do too much damage so that maybe I can still hang out with the group of friends. Maybe a well worded response will show him that he hasn't been very ...remorseful? understanding? That he's been selfish? If it matters, I was very clear when we met that I'm seeing someone atm and I thought it was clear that I was not interested. The drinking took place with a group but he touched me after everyone was asleep. I think my biggest sin is that when I'm sick/ drunk I really like to cuddle. It makes me feel less dizzy when the room is spinning. I'll give you one guess as to who was 'there' for me. I can see how that could be misinterpreted (although you're not supposed to take advantage of drunk people?) however, the first 'no' should have been enough. Telling me I need a man who isn't afraid to just take me is the wrong response. He also said my relationship was going to fail. :( I don't know how guilty I should feel about the cuddling part. And the other stupid thing I said was when he asked if I was single would I date him? I didn't want to hurt his feelings so I said I would have considered it. FFS past me!!! What was wrong with you? It shouldn't matter whether I'm in a relationship or not, because it aint gonna happen. Tl;dr: I was raped by a friend. It's time for this to end. What should I say, to make him go away?
Up until 10 months ago I [25F] used meth regularly, half to self-medicate my severe ADHD, and half just to feel good. Between drugs, hunger, homelessness I ended up getting desparate enough to sell myself. I got assaulted/abused a few times, the last time being October of 2014, which was especially traumatic for me. I've been seeing a therapist but they haven't helped me very much with it, but I guess part of the problem is that I get flashbacks and just completely freeze, so I guess they can't really do much about it.Around July of 2015 I started to improve a little bit. I finally became more comfortable having consensual heterosexual sex, with only a few triggers (blowjobs, mostly.) However, I still find it difficult to watch movies that contain rape scenes. I get extremely overwhelmed with bad memories and bad feelings. Recently, my best friend (26M), who's also my ex-boyfriend, became upset with me because I refused to watch Game of Thrones with him because of the well-known rape scenes in that show. He feels that I shouldn't be limiting myself and missing out on art just because it has rape in it, and to an extent I agree, but I just can't handle it. I don't want to see it or think about it. It's not that I want to pretend that rape doesn't happen, I just don't want to see the details of it. He used to be more gentle about it, but recently he's read things rape counselors have said about "not coddling victims", and now he says he feels like he needs to "push [me] so [I'll] recover from it and not be controlled by it." He asked me for a time-frame for when I'd agree to watch it with him and I said six months, but I still don't know if I'll be able to. I've already been an awful ex/friend to him and I don't want to lose him because of my trauma, but I don't feel like I can handle watching things like that. I don't know what to do.
My boyfriend and I have been together for two years. Before you make any snap judgements please read everything to gain context of our relationship. We live together with our two cats and have had a fairly up and down relationship. However it's been mostly amazing and we talk about marriage and sharing a life together. He works 60 hours a week and always comes home exhausted. I understand that he's not always interested in sex. More often than not he doesn't want it. Which has been causing a lot of issues on its own because I always want it and have felt rejected a lot of the time. Last night I initiated sex only to be turned down once again. I rolled over and shut out the lights and not even five minutes later he puts his hand under my shirt and starts to feel me up. He wants sex!? Yes. He does. It was exciting that he actually wanted it but at the same time I was already kind of over it and recovering from another rejection. So I went along with it and rubbed up against him, etc. he put his hand down my pants to find that I was dryer than the Sahara. He didn't seem to be phased by it. He swished things around down there as if he has never fingered a girl before, which was weird. He seemed to just be rushing the arousal part so he could get to sleep quicker (he did have to wake up in 4 hours for work). Dry fingering is quite painful so I pulled his hand out and he immediately ripped down my underwear, spit on his dick and was trying to shove it in. I stopped him and was like woah dude I'm not even wet, you're gonna have to do a lot more than that. He proceeded to groan and complain that it was already 12:30a and he was tired and only doing this because it's what I wanted. Gee thanks, really makes a girl feel desired. He shoved it back in and he f*cked me. I lay there limp as a log. It hurt a lot. I've had issues in the past with painful sex and vaginal tearing so I was surprised and upset that he didn't care. I started to cry silently as I took it. I didn't enjoy it. I didn't even want it. But he made me feel guilty. After ten minutes he got frustrated with my lack of participation and pushed himself out of me. He didn't say anything. He didn't finish. It was unsatisfying for the both of us but I was so upset that he acted so inconsiderate. It's something I never in a million years thought would happen. He's always made me feel so safe and cared for. It's not rape. But it was not consensual. I felt too guilty to deny my partner, even though he denies me almost every time. I confronted him this morning and he didn't want to talk about it. When we do finally get around to talking about it I know he'll realize what he did wrong. But now i don't know where to go from here. I don't see him like I used to. I look at him in disgust. What am I supposed to do? tldr; boyfriend of 2 years guilted me into sex I didn't want and I don't know where to go from here. 
Throwaway because one of the people involved knows my personal account.I am at a loss for how to go about handling this situation in an appropriate manner. Any kind of advice would be greatly appreciated at this point. To make this easier, lets call my friend Kate and her fiance John.I met Kate during my sophomore year of high school through mutual acquaintances. We became very close so naturally I was devastated when she moved several states away after graduating. Despite the distance, we kept contact and remained as good of friends as ever.About two years ago, my family happened to take a vacation in very close proximity to her new home. So, we excitedly planned to meet. It felt amazing to see her again- we both dashed out of our cars and hugged and squealed like stereotypical best friends. We hung out all evening and caught up with one another in person. Also, I had the chance to finally meet her fiance of one year. I had heard only great things about this guy and he seemed very pleasant.Shortly after returning home, I received a text message from an unknown number- John. He thanked me for stopping by to see Kate, saying that it really lifted her spirits and he hadn't seen her so happy in a long time. Understanding the personal issues Kate had been struggling with lately, I told him I was glad to have helped. I assumed Kate had given him my number and didn't think much else about it.John would text me here and there about little insignificant things. He'd mention a movie him and Kate were about to see and ask my opinion, or suggest to me a fun new video game they'd bought. I would answer is questions or respond to suggestions, but never carry on a conversation beyond the original topic. John would attempt to keep me talking, but I always dropped off due in part to me not being very big on texting.More than a year after seeing Kate, I received a very late night text from John saying "I miss you". Assuming he had sent this to me by mistake, I ignored it.Fast forward to a month or so ago- I took a weekend trip to visit Kate. We had been planning this get together for a while and I was super excited to spend some much needed girl time with her. I had been anticipating a chill weekend with my best friend, but nothing could have prepared me for the Twilight Zone shit I was about to walk into.Kate and John picked me up from the airport and I was made to feel uncomfortable almost immediately. John had extended his arms for a hug upon my arrival, which I thought nothing of and accepted. He held me a bit too tightly and a bit too long and then commented on how hot I looked. Not nice or even pretty- "hot". I sort of just laughed awkwardly and looked towards Kate, who seemed to not be paying attention at the moment.I pushed this aside, chalking it up to a social fluke on his part and enjoyed the rest of my day with them. The daylight hours went smoothly, save for John suggesting several times that we all get drunk that evening. Not being a drinker, I declined only to have him get a little pushy with it. I politely reaffirmed my opinion and he eventually dropped it.After returning to their home, the three of us hung out in the family room and watched a bit of television. We all began talking and somehow came to the topic of a pregnancy scare Kate had told me about a few months prior. John proceeded to tell me how stupid Kate was for way in which she worried over a possible pregnancy. He said that he had told her several times that it was hardly possible and to "stop being such a stupid fucking spazz over it". He went on to tell me that it was her own fault for forgetting her birth control and that it was bullshit for her to then expect him to use a condom.I was entirely thrown off at the way he had raised his voice and talked so rudely about my friend. I defended her, saying that it was an entirely legitimate thing to worry over and that if she prefers that he wear a condom in order to be safe that he should respect her wishes. He only laughed at me and Kate stayed totally silent during the entire interaction.John then asked if I wanted to sleep in bed with him and Kate rather than in the guest room, which I found totally strange. I declined the offer and went to bed.The following morning, Kate and I had made plans to go shopping. She mentioned John wouldn't be with us because he had to work, which I was very grateful for. Before leaving the house, however, John stopped me and said "You're a heavy sleeper"Confused, I gave gave a weird look and asked what he meant. He went on to say "You're a heavy sleeper- you don't even wake up when people touch you" now normally, I would have interpreted this as someone possibly to rouse me earlier by tapping my shoulder or something along those lines. But the way in which John was smirking at me and the inflection and emphasis he had put on the word 'touch' caused me to think otherwise. I asked John what the fuck he was talking about and he only laughed, saying it was nothing.Now, I happen to take some relatively strong sleeping pills- which Kate is aware of. These knock me out pretty hard, but I believe I would have woken up given the chance that someone entered the room or touched me inappropriately. So I highly doubt anything actually happened, but the possibility of him groping me in my sleep makes me sick. Actually, the fact that he would say that to me just to cause anxiety makes me sick.I went on to try and enjoy my outing with Kate- which unfortunately didn't offer much solace. While stopped at a red light, Kate and I sat quietly as a group of pedestrians crossed the street. Kate made a comment on how beautiful one particular girl in the crowd happened to be. I agreed that she was a very pretty woman, only for Kate to suddenly spout out- "I'm not attracted to men"She had said this as if the words had been dying to leave her lips for years. I was pretty dumbfounded and caught off guard by the sudden confession, as I had never entertained the idea of Kate being a lesbian. She had mentioned once a short fling she shared with a girl in middle school, but claimed it to have been nothing more than a cry for attention. We joked about this here and there but I never thought she could have been lying.I didn't answer due to lacking a decent response, so she followed up by blatantly telling me that she is a lesbian and that she doesn't love John. I asked Kate why on Earth she would marry him then and she only said "because I think it's what I should do". I tried to talk to her more about this but she then told me she would prefer the subject be dropped.At this point, I was counting down the hours to my flight home the next morning and after hearing John would be joining us for dinner I was even more eager to get away. After meeting up with him, the three of us began walking into the restaurant only for me to catch John's hand veering dangerously close to my butt. I shifted away and he moved very quickly in an attempted to grab it. Luckily I managed to jump to the side, leaving him with only his fingertips brushing my skirt. I told him to watch his fucking hands and he just laughed again and made some kind of comment on my appearance and the fact that he couldn't help it.Dinner couldn't have gone by slower. I sat there hardly saying a word and wondering if I should just try and get a hotel room for the evening. However, my stupid self decided that I could make it one more night and save the cash.I told Kate that I was very tired the moment we got back to her place, but she insisted that I watch our favorite movie together before I have to go home. Unable to say no, the two of us head up to her room (her roommate's bedroom is on the bottom floor next to the family room so the television would have woken them up).About an hour into the movie, John comes in and asks to watch with us. Kate tells him of course and hardly ten minutes passes before he's attempting to convince Kate and I to kiss. I say no repeatedly and just keep looking at the screen. Kate isn't saying a damn word about it and John actually starts pleading with us to just kiss really quick so I tell him to shut up and that he's ruining the movie.A couple more minutes of silence pass by until John outright asks if I'd like to sleep with him. The way that he went about asking was as if he had deluded himself into thinking he was fucking irresistible to me. I told him NO and pointed out the fact that Kate was sitting right next to me. I looked at her, expecting some kind of response but it was obvious that she'd totally spaced out at this point. John informed me that Kate was fine with "sharing him".He continued to badger me and insisted that I show him some appreciation for allowing me to stay in his home. I looked at Kate and asked her "how the fuck are you okay with this?" she looked as if she was unable to hear me- staring straight ahead with dull eyes.I got up to leave, only for John to attempt to block the door. Mind you, I'm a 5 foot tall 100 pound girl being physically blocked by a very large man. I tell John firmly to move only for him to once again say that I owe him. I took my chances and shouldered my way past him. Luckily, he didn't do much but attempt to grab me as I exited the room. I gathered my things quickly and got the hotel room.Kate never even acknowledged what happened. I think she may be suffering from either John's abuse or some kind of mental disorder- which makes me feel bad for being angry with her. But I am, I'm very angry that she sat by and did nothing while her fiance was so aggressive with me. Kate is aware that I was sexually assaulted in the recent past and therefore am sensitive to such pushy advances.I talk to Kate very sparsely and she doesn't seem to understand why. By coincidence, I happen to have accepted a role in an internship program close to the city she lives in. Within a month, I will be living in very close proximity to both her and John and I need to figure out what to do.I want to help my friend- I'm afraid that she is experiencing abuse, living a lie by pretending to be heterosexual, and may possibly be suffering from some kind of mental illness.I have never been in a situation like this and I'm at a complete loss. I don't want to see Kate after I move because that in turn means I'll see John. Any advice as to how I can help her and try to diffuse this situation would be massively helpful.TL;DR: Best friend's fiance is inappropriate and aggressive towards me during weekend trip. Friend also claims to be a lesbian and is only marrying fiance out of obligation. I'll be living close to them soon
Last night everyone was out clubbing and having a really good time and one of my friends came out as gay to us all. I have lots of gay friends and was fully supportive about him coming out but there is more to the story. Apparently he is petrified about telling his parents and think they just wont accept him, and when he told his best friend he had trouble accepting it and told him he should seek counselling about it. I was shocked that in this day and age someone would be so close minded and not able to understand. I comforted him and told him there was nothing to be ashamed of and that I was there for him, but that's just context.As we chatted he opened up about when he was travelling overseas and he got his drink spiked and was raped. He told me he's never said that to anyone and except the same best friend who he was travelling with at the time, and that he just laughed it off and said he shouldn't have gotten so drunk. Well I said this 'friend' could get f**ked and that he wasn't doing a good job at being a friend and that he should speak to someone professional about this.I'm not sure how I can approach having a conversation with him now though, as all this happened while we were very drunk last night and I want to message him and just say I'm here to chat if he needs it and that he should talk to a professional about what happened while he was overseas at least, but I don't want him to feel like he shouldn't have told me. Should I just send him a message and be up front about it? Or should I just chat to him and not mention it?tl;dr: friend opened up to me about being raped while overseas and I want him to get help but don't know how to approach the conversation
My friend Amanda told me a few months ago about her friend Vanessa's situation. Amanda told me that Vanessa's stepfather Eric, has basically been keeping Vanessa hostage in her own home.I was told the order in which Eric has done these things, but I have confused them, so i'm just going to list the things he has done, in no particular order.Eric shuts off all wifi and even her cellphone to keep her from contacting boys, or anyone I assume. He does these things claiming she's being grounded for something else. Sneaking out, having sex, smoking. Eric has found these things out by going through her phone. Eric planned a vacation and brought only Devyn, and not her mother. The mother's family commented on this, saying it was very weird. Eric also bought a hot tub and installed it in the basement, later insisting that Vanessa go in it with him. The mother has since made Eric remove the hot tub. For reasons unknown. Vanessa's stepfather Eric gets jealous of Vanessa's male friends, and has even said to her " Why do you need him?! You can have me! I'm not really your Dad!" The mother does not know as far as I know, however with this situation, it's very likely that all information from the victim could be skewed, likely for the worse. Hopefully that is not the case. I fear that Vanessa hasn't been completely honest, and that she's already been raped by him. What do I do? Should I straight up call the police? Should I send an anonymous letter to the mom?I don't know what to do, but I must do something, I feel very responsible for knowing about this while it's happening. tl;dr: Friend of a friend is in a dangerous place, with her pedophile stepdad, my friend will continue to do nothing, what should I do?I originally posted this to /r/relationships and it was directed here. Hopefully the format isn't too bad for this sub.
so my gf was sexually abused by her granddad in 5th grade while he still lived with her and her family. she didn't tell anyone until last year when she told her parents (we're juniors in HS). she also was raped by her ex boyfriend two years ago but won't tell anyone because she doesn't want to deal with the backlash, despite me gently trying to get her to do so. they kicked her granddad out and put her in therapy, but took no legal action against him and haven't told any other family members. today she told me her therapist is recommending she now attempt to have a relationship with him.. and her parents agree because otherwise "it will be awkward at family events." i will say she hasn't given therapy a fair chance and generally just doesn't want to be there at all. she just wants to bury her issues, and while I know that's got to be unhealthy I'm not going to try and force her to do anything. I just feel like making her have a relationship with him is completely ridiculous and unfair to her. does anyone here have any insight on her situation?
A couple years ago I briefly dated someone who is very close friends with a current candidate (bigger than local, far smaller than President). He was holding office at the time and seemed to do a good enough job--no complaints there.The problem is that his friend sexually assaulted me--at the very least. In his state that is all it was since he could not get an erection. But I sustained injuries, got an infection, and had to go to the gyno for treatment, so this was not a minor event. He laughed in my face repeatedly for crying out in pain and telling him to stop. Because of his close ties to what is basically local royalty, and because he was intoxicated at the time, I ultimately decided not to press charges. He has a law degree, and after telling me he was blacked out informed me that even if I had done what he said, state law would be on his side and he could even charge me with attempted rape because he was drunk and I was not--not quite true, he could try but would likely not be successful given my documented injuries.So naturally we broke up. He had shown other signs of major anger issues, mostly going off completely randomly on people in public that were moving too slowly for him. It wasn't a long relationship, and I didn't tell friends much about why it ended. Many of us work in jobs that land us as mandated reporters for all sorts of things, and there is no way I was going to win this one thanks to his close affilliation with candidate.After the break up, both candidate and his wife contacted me to tell me it was a mistake to leave their friend, and that he just needed somebody like wife to see through and past his anger and then he would be just a good a man as candidate. I was horrified.Of course, candidate wasn't a candidate yet.I've felt ill ever since he declared he was running for a bigger office. Every news article published about him says what a great guy he is, but I find it hard to believe that someone who is so awesome has a best friend that is so violently angry often and who did the things he did to me without also being a little rough himself. Perhaps that isn't fair.Lots of my friends support candidate though, and have been VERY pushy asking me to do the same. They know that I knew him, and do not understand why I will not donate money or come out in support of him. I have told him that things with his friend ended very badly, and they tell me that's not fair to hold against him. I told them about the anger issues, and how candidate seems to identify them as problems he has as well. No go.I've straight up blocked them on facebook in some cases because they post pictures and articles about candidate all the time, and often his friend is in the background of those shots.But others are people I don't want to lose. I've said it's a no go, and that I won't discuss this......but honestly I sort of also feel like I should. I still sometimes hear from candidate's wife, and I know she follows what public social media that I have. I no longer live close.I still have months of this to go. Would you tell them to piss off? Tell them the truth, despite it maybe getting reported to the police? I do not want news articles published about me and this guy, I do not want to go to court, and I do not want the details of that night dragged out. I do not believe anything good for me would occur, and the state could lose a good candidate--at least as good as the others.tl;dr: My friends are pushing me to support--financially and with my presence--a candidate who is best friends with a man who sexually assaulted me. After the assault and break up, he and his wife both let me know he just needs to "work past his anger," as the candidate once did. I need advice on how to tell my friends to piss off (or otherwise advice about what to say to them).
My girlfriend of 3 months [F 19] told me a few days go about a fling she had with an old friend of hers [M 17], that i [M 18] know and is a good friend with my friend group. The guy's a grade A scumbag and is only in the relationships he's in for sex, and he makes sexual advances toward pretty much every girl he comes into contact with.So my girlfriend was really good friends with him in the past. Had him over one day (before we started dating) and she hadn't been dating anyone for months. At some point, he started making advances, one thing led to another, she started sucking his dick, but realized that she didn't really want to finish him, or really do anything at all. she regretted going along with it, and stopped.Then apparently, he forced her to finish him, she went along with it. A few days later, he showed up naked and he pinned her down and tried to fuck her, she flipped, kicked him out.now, the guy is back in town, and is pushing her for time alone. he knows that we are dating, and my girlfriend feels kind of guilted into hanging out with him because they were really good friends before the whole thing happened. she also blames herself since he went along with the blowjob at first.he is apparently going to her place next wednesday to hang out, I'll be there too, but I worry that he'll still try to pull something, or make a bunch of subtle moves and play them off like he's joking, even though we all know he isn'tSo my question is, was this actually rape (i believe it is but i'm not 100% sure), and if so, how do I deal with this situation next wednesday?
Where would I go to talk about that? 
New Year's Eve was a night that I can hardly remember, but I will never forget. I am a college Freshman, home on break and attended a party hosted by my high school prom date. I was heavily intoxicated by midnight, as I had been drinking since 7 pm. After we rang in the new year, I went outside to get another beer from the cooler. On the way out, another guy I knew from high school came with me and casually asked me if I had ever done anything sexually with another man, and I replied no. Next thing I knew he had his cock out and helped me get mine out. He began stroking mine and asked me while I wasn't doing the same to him. Next, he began to give me a blowjob, and stopped after a brief moment, and convinced me to do the same to him, for a very brief moment (less than 5 seconds). Then my mind caught up with what was happening, and I instantly ran back inside. I never came, and nor did he (i believe that he may have stood outside and masturbated though).I immediately got inside and told a friend that I had screwed up major, and that we would need to meet and talk soon, but not while I was drunk out of my mind, on the verge of passing out. We met and I told him the entire story, and saying it out loud made me realize how I feel taken advantage of. I don't think I can call it sexual assault or rape, but I feel taken advantage of by someone I knew. I experienced great feelings of shame, and now find myself questioning my manhood, amid many other strange feelings.I did not resist him until I ran away from the situation, and do not know why I allowed myself to participate in the act. I know it may not have had the sexual acts finished, but they may have well have been, as I am still emotionally distraught.I know it is completely my fault for putting myself in a position where I would not be able to properly take care of myself, and I know that that greatly contributed to me allowing the night to progress the way it did, but I still feel hurt that someone I know would lead me to do something which I was not and am not ok with. He was familiar with the fact that sexual activity was something that I was saving for my future wife and that I was a virgin.Do you think that I am right in thinking that at a minimum I was taken advantage of in my drunken state, or am I making it all up in my head?
I live in Oakland. I hosted a NYE party. Afterwards, one of my best friends and I wanted to check out another party. This other party was just over the highway in West Oakland. This party was one where some people from our burning man camp were (supposed) to be at. At this point it is 2:51am on 1/1. I remember getting to the party. I remember looking for my friend but not being able to find him. I remember following someone and going into a room. I remember them taking off my pants and underwear. They called me "baby" and I remember his breath smelled like cigarettes. I remember asking if he was wearing a condom and him saying yes. I remember him kissing me and his stubbly face. I remember hearing the snap of latex (which I think i thought was re-assuring). I remember thinking he had finished, and then him going back in. I remember telling him to stop. I remember getting up and seeing his face for a second. I remember feeling really sad, and him saying to me.. "do you have to go?". I said yes, and I remember leaving. I remember that it was almost daylight, and my phone was low on battery.I called a Lyft home. I think the biggest indicator of how i felt was in the ride home.. I remember thinking that I couldn't take a shower because the police will need to collect samples.I don't really remember anything else.When I told my partner what happened, he was really shocked. Basically, I felt there was a slight chance that the person was flirty with me and I had "given in" to something like making out, but it had gone too far. The other chance, was that he convinced me to come to his room on some other pretense. Either way, I have no-idea how I got from the party to his room.I have an app called "Moves" that tracks where I am at any point in time.I looked this morning and saw that my recollection of events didn't fit the time-line at all. I got to the party at 2:51, and left the party at 6:03am. I was in a car that took me to Berkeley at 6:17am where I stayed there until my lyft ride home. There is just no way I would have gotten into a car with someone. At that point, I started to think I had been drugged. I took a full STD screen this morning, but went back in to drop off an extra sample to check for rohypnol. My partner is like "you think its possible you would have let someone fuck you.. but you wouldn't have gotten into a car with someone?". I have a long history of blacking out, about once every 3-4 months there is some incident where I black out. However, this has never happened before. First off.. I'm only 88% sure at this point that I was intentionally, and with specific intent, raped. I remember laughing and having fun with friends the next day. Its been all up and down. My partner is a little tired of talking about it, but thats probably just because I don't know how to talk to them about it. I'm upset that I have to smile at people at work when they haven't seen people over winter break.I'm upset when large groups of friends come over and expect me to smile and wave at them and give them a big hug.I'm upset that i'm terrified of being labeled a victim and having this "shame" (whose origin I cannot place) follow me around.What do you think? Was I raped? How do I talk to my partner about this? How do I talk to myself about this? How do I navigate my emotions around this?
I've never posted in reddit before, but I've been reading rapecounseling today and so much of the advice (and many of the questions) was so spot on, and made me feel such a sense of being understood, I figured I'd ask a few of the questions I have. (for several years in my teens (I'm in my forties now) several people took advantage sexually of my disassociating and at the age of 19 I was raped by a sex partner). I feel I have done a lot of healing since then, although I have some lingering effects. One of the lingering effects is a discomfort with, and anger at, straight men (although I am in a "healthy-ish" longterm relationship with a man). I understand why I feel anger towards them, but I don't want to be so dismissive, angry (and scared) of them anymore. How do I get over fear and anger towards straight men? On a different note- One of the things that has helped me heal is talking to other women who were raped and working together on feeling more empowered. I really want to work as an advocate for rape/sexual abuse victims or as a sexual assault nurse (I realize those wouldn't be environments where it would be appropriate to disclose my own history). I think I would have a certain understanding and empathy for them because of my experiences, but at the same time I'm worried I won't be effective because it will be emotionally difficult for me and that won't be helpful to the person who is there for help. So my question is whether it would be a good idea for me to work in that field, either for the victim or for my own mental health? 
Hi, a little background I'm newly 18, female. 5'1 and not that strong but I definitely hold my own. My problem is I know I was sexually assaulted but I don't know if it's considered rape. I don't know if I should tell my parents, I'm just generally confused.   At a party last week a guy my age got me pretty drunk. I've always held my liquor but I quickly realized I felt a lot more drunk than I ever have, and even threw up for the first time from liquor. I don't remember how I ended up in a bed but I remember the guy on me and trying to kiss and touch me and me saying no and stop. A lot of spots in time are missing for me but I do remember him trying to get inside me a couple of times, but it not staying in, probably from my struggling. I feel like I could have done a lot more physically to stop it than I had and that makes me even more confused. The guy was a friend of mine and I texted him telling him it wasn't cool the next day and he said 'I'm sorry'. I haven't spoken to him since and I've developed a lot of problems now. I get anxious around boys when I'm not with other girls. My whole body shakes and my heart races, even if I know the boys and they're friends. My two closest friends and I have been planning on ways to get back at him. I also am trying to work with my counselor to create an event at my high school to prevent other students from making the dumb decision I did. (Drinking with all my guy friends with nobody I really trusted with me).     I'd love any and all advice that you'd have for any of the topics I have brought up. Thank you!
Last night my girlfriend and I went to a new year's eve house party at a place I've never been to. Everything was going fine for a few hours. Then all the sudden she leaves me sitting on a couch. I had no idea where she went' I thought she was just going to the bathroom or something. After about an hour of her absence I decided to leave. I texted her that I went home and told her to call me when she needed a ride.She texts me at about 1:30 in the morning to come and pick her up. I show up and she seemed like everything was fine and normal. The next day I go over to her house and her and her male friend (I know this guy too from work) are sitting on the couch we take a drive and she tells me a guy at the party last night kept grabbing her ass and he eventually pushed her up against a wall and started kissing her. She was able to push him away. She said she then continued to hang around for a little until it happened again. She said that's when she texted me. She said she already told her other friend who was at the house with her about what happened.Now, I'm reluctant to believe the story. It may be denial but why would she not call or text me immediately after that happened? Why did she seem completely fine when I picked her up? (She seemed completely happy and smiley). Why did she tell the other guy first before telling me?What do I do here? I know the guy who did it and I really really want to hurt him. My girlfriend isn't pressing charges and that guy is gonna get away with what he did with no consequences.Guys, what do I do?tl;dr: My girlfriend was sexually assaulted by a guy I know and she's not pressing charges or anything. Some of her story doesn't make sense to me though. I'm really tempted to hurt this guy if her story is true. What do I do here?
This all just happened about 8 hours ago so it's still fresh. My boyfriend Tim (20 y, of 3 years) and I went to a New Years party at his friends house, which is just a 30 second drive from Tim's place. Tim and I both attend a community college so we live with our parents. Because of wanting to avoid drunk drivers, we decided it would be better if I just crashed at Tim's house, a first for us as my parents are strict. My parents and his agreed that it was better than one of us on the roads.After the party, we went back to Tim's place and got ready for bed. After laying down for a few minutes we started to fool around. I am, or was? a virgin. I didn't want to have sex until I had birth control, which I just recently got, but haven't been able to take it because I haven't had a period. Tim had been so good about being patient and waiting until I was ready and had everything I needed to feel comfortable.After fooling around for a bit I started grinding on Tim. He then said, "I have a question and I think you know what it is already, but I'm scared to ask." The question was if we could have sex. He then said that we had everything we needed and I replied with, " I'm not on birth control. Sorry babe." And then kissed his cheek.I continued grinding on him and he told me he was tired of his shorts. He then took them off and told me to just grind on his penis, no penetration. I told him to get a condom just in case he came near my vagina. After a while he flipped me over on my back as I was on top of him and started to grind on me. A few seconds later I felt him try to insert himself. I don't know if he actually was successful though because it all happened so fast. But I know I felt something at the opening. And he didn't even slow down, he didn't ask. He just did it and it hurt. I told him "Stop. Stop. I did not consent to this." And pushed him off of me while beginning to cry.I cried for an hour straight and kept asking,"How could you do this to me?" "What was going through your head?" "How could this happen?" "Why?" He kept trying to rub my back, hold me, and play with my hair, but I would just push him away. He apologized over and over and started crying for a bit too. He brought me water and tissue and wiped the snot off my face when I finally let him touch me. After the hour of crying I was just silent until he went to the living room. I asked him why he moved and he said because he was about to lose his cool. I begged him to come back to the bed. At that time he was my only source of comfort and I feel so pathetic for it. I wanted to go home. But it was 3 AM on New Year's Day and I didn't want to put our lives at risk so I tried to sleep.I slept on and off until 9 AM, when he woke me up at the time I told him to before everything happened. He took me home as soon as I was ready and we were silent the whole car ride.When I was crying after it happened I told him to face me and tell me the truth. Did he intentionally do it or was it a mistake as he wasn't really aiming for it? He told me he lost control of himself.I have no idea what to do at this point. I'm currently at home, in my bed, trying to sleep more and get rid of the soreness. I'm conflicted between wanting to forget it all happened and wanting to define what happened and have straight answers and solutions. Should I get plan B? He was wearing a condom and didn't come but better to be safe than sorry? Or is it such a small chance that plan b would be pointless?
I remember when I was very young (like 4-6 years old but I'm not sure) I would once in a while be approached by a man or teenager in a park who would force himself on me and do things like forcibly kiss me, make me suck him off, or just sodomize me and other things and I only began to have memories of it several years later. It was like I would snap out of something minutes and even days after it happened and I would seem to deny that it happened or even have complete memories of it and so I kind of shook it off like it was nothing.I was wondering if anyone knows if this was false memory syndrome because I'm not sure whether it was real or not. It feels like a dream and like it's not real and it's all groggy/foggy like I was drugged or something and a lot of them are not full memories. I also began daydream about it after awhile when I was still a child like I just imagined this whole thing.I would sometimes have realistic memories appear in my head and others he would do things like fly away or disappear (I know those are false memories). Also in some of my memories (if they even are memories) it could have different scenery or the buildings and other things could be rearranged or different/altered). I also remember some of these mirrored or from different angles like I am watching myself. Some I see through my own eyes though. When I remember these I sometimes feel extremely uncomfortable or traumatized and I will sometimes dissociate or see myself as a third person. I also have a physical and mental reaction to it. It's like my brain will try to suppress these memories.
I'm a rape victim trying to recover and depression just hit me. I'd really like someone to talk to. 
On mobile, so apologies for formatting or spelling etc.So I (19F) have recently started university, and a typical drinking game is called Never Have I Ever. Now I'm sure a lot of you will be familiar with this game, but I'll explain how to play anyway- the basic premise is someone in a group will say something they have never done (eg. Never have I ever been to Africa) and those who have done it, have to drink. It usually gets sexual quite quickly and this is what happened yesterday.Me and my friends, who I have only known for 3 months, we're playing this and it my roommates turn who said "Never have I ever had a threesome", I drank and everyone was shocked because outwardly I don't appear as the kind of person who would do this kinda thing. So I was asked what type of threesome, I replied with "Every type." Because it's true. When I was younger (13-16) my friends boyfriend (she was my age, he was 21 when we were 13) would give  us alcohol/drugs and then we would have sex with older men or older men and their wives or just older women. I wouldn't describe this as "normal" but for me and my friends this was just life and I honestly haven't thought about it in a lot of detail. It was always just my "wild time", which is how I described it to people. When I was asked how many people I have slept with, I realised I couldn't answer because sometimes I'd been too drunk or too high to even realise that people were having sex with me. I've spent the past day thinking about it, more than I ever had, and I realise that what happened to me was not okay and could probably explain why I have so many problems with relationships...so I'm not really sure what to do. Any advice would be greatly appreciated, thank you for reading I know it's long.
I found out yesterday and out of spite, I didn't congratulate him at all. I've been waiting for an apology from him over the years, and the fact that he can act like he did nothing to me shocks me. I also feel bad for his wife because he's a total creep.Should I bother asking for an apology or just live with the fact that he got away with this?tl;dr: Cousin who tried to molest me just got married. Is it wrong I still want an apology?
Mods from /r/relationships suggested posting here..Apologies if this is disjointed, she told me several hours ago and I have been drinking on it since.Tonight my Karen broke down after a miserable day and haltingly revealed around a year and a half ago she went out, accepted 'some flirt's' (her words) drugged drink and was raped. She held off telling past Boxing Day so the 'main holiday' stayed happy. She had specialised counselling at the time and for some months afterward. She still has 'general' counselling from time to time and had had it for several months prior to and following the incident. I was out of the country at the time and could do nothing then but she never mentioned it in correspondence 'to keep hope', she said as due to its spotty nature timely responses are not always possible.She's hurting. I couldn't stop it (had I been there it wouldn't have happened) and cannot help now (it happened while I was away and awhile ago) unless she randomly senses her attacker. She didn't want to tell me lest my image of her be tarnished. She thinks she 'deserved' it or 'should have' done things different. She blames herself. I think this incident feeds into her idea that she is 'a bother'. For the record I do not think she 'deserved' to be drugged and raped. I told her as much. She believes that I believe what I am saying. She herself thinks she was 'asking for it'.**My GF drank a drugged drink and was raped:** How do I make her feel 'better?' What can I do?
I just keep going in circles. Time, therapy, a million books and lots of journaling aren't working. I'll never have a healthy relationship. I just keep striking out with nice guys. I've never in my life been into the bad boy fantasy. But I don't think it will ever work out. I'm a broken human being no decent man will ever like. Why would anyone want to deal with someone who has this much baggage? Why would anyone want to put up with someone who has dealt with so much rape and abuse and manipulation? Why would someone patient and gentle and sweet and trustworthy want to deal with my shit when there are a bunch of less complicated, less traumatized girls out there?I never asked for this and now I feel stained and broken. And everyone thinks it's my fault anyway because it's a fucked up awful world we live in.I work so hard every day to put the pieces back together. Most people have no clue what happened to me. I don't hide it but I'm honest. I'm just rambling. I have written this post on Reddit in half a dozen different ways but that feeling never goes away no matter how hard I try. And I try so goddam hard you don't even know. Don't even ask, yes, I've tried that too and I'm sick of being told it works. Nothing works. I'm beyond hope. 
Hi I'm a 19 YO (M) and have a memory of a sexual encounter between an older cousin and me. I'm not sure exactly how old I was but it was young. Around 5-8 I'd guess and he is a year older. I remember him sort of coercing me into "playing a game". I'm not exactly sure how he phrased it but he called it the "dick sucking game" and the "ass licking game" or something like that. I remember being hesitant about having his penis in my mouth but doing it because he was older and I looked up to him but thinking that it was wrong and not wanting to do it. I tried to get him to let me switch to the ass game instead. He even referenced another cousin(of the same age) as being "the best" at the game as encouragement. Was I raped or sexually assaulted or something? Was he raped by someone else or my cousin and thats why he mentioned him? I'd see this cousin semi-regularly but dont feel any anger or anything. Is this normal?
a friend i've had for years, and consider a second mother just said that to me.i'm about to throw up.
Only very few people know this story, mostly because I was in shock. I was dating someone a few years back. Gus was El Salvadorian and super sweet. He was very clingy and that's not my style. After dating for a few months, I knew it was more of a friendship. We had been sleeping together, but I was starting to see someone else so I declined anything. Well, we both worked for Mcdonalds, just at different stores and we happened to have class together (McD has classes for managers and stuff) so we went together and we carpooled. One of the days we were let out early and since I had school that night (college) he just stated we could hang out at his house. I told him that was fine but I was seeing someone and wanted to remain friendly. When I got to his house, I called my best friend immediately so I wasn't alone (per se). Well, she didn't get the hint and had to go. He started kissing me and I did enjoy it but told him to stop. Then I did continue because it did feel good. (At that point I was only seeing someone not exclusive), then he lifted up my shirt and I told him "no". My pants had somehow come off. He was erect and I kept saying no calmly but firmly. He was too strong to fight off, so instead of continuously trying to push him off, I waited for an opportunity to attack him. I said "no" firmly three times and then told him if he penetrates me, he is raping me. I did not consent to the sex, and he was near my vagina, he was centimeters away from penetrating me, and I told him he would forever be a rapist if he went through with it, he hesitated but was so turned on he got even closer to penetration and somehow, I don't know how, I threw him off of me (I am not a strong girl AT ALL). I threw him off of me and walked to school. I went to school so pissed off, sad, angry, hurt, scared... Gus was part of my group of friends especially cause we all worked at MCD. I never told my mom which is super unlike me, but I couldn't bring myself to do it. because there was no penetration, there was no DNA evidence, there was no forced entry, there was no way to distinguish this from a "he-said-she-said" story. The next day he gave me a ride to the class because I had no other way, and I was so confused on what to feel. Gus was never ever violent and I knew deep down he was just as confused. I ended up telling the person I was seeing in case anything came from it. We are still together to this day, and when my friends have a party he's always there. It was hard at first, especially cause the person that kept inviting him was one of the only people that knew, but I got used to it because it was in the past. I know it wasn't rape, and people on here have lived through much worse, but I still think about it. 
[Join us!](https://www.reddit.com/r/MensLib/comments/3y06v6/action_alert_lets_send_some_positivity_to/)Just Detention International works to end the injustice of sexual violence within the prison system. Their tagline: Rape is not part of the penalty. They've set up a really easy system for sending words of hope to prison rape victims. This is a great opportunity for us to help prisoner rape victims see that they’re in our hearts, and at very little cost to ourselves. This makes a difference, and it’s so easy. #[SEND A MESSAGE](http://justdetention.org/wordsofhope/)
I don't really want to go into detail. It's not something I like talking about because I feel like people are judging me. I feel like something must be wrong with me for it to have happened to me more than once, even though logically I know that's not true. I mean, one of the times it happened to me I was a kid and I didn't know what was going on. I didn't even realize I was raped until years later. Idk, I guess I just want to know if anyone else is in the same boat and get some type of comfort that it's not my fault. I've told my boyfriend and his twin brother about all of it in detail (they are the only ones that have heard the details and then only a couple other people know that it happened at all) and they can't understand how I'd blame myself for it. That was good to know. My parents don't know about it. There's no way I could ever tell them. It'd break their hearts. My mom had a terrible childhood and was beaten by her dad and sexually abused by her stepdad regularly. She was a really protective parent because she didn't want something like that to happen to me, but it did anyway. I know it'd really tear her up. I actually posted about my experience once before on this subreddit but deleted it after about 30 minutes because I felt sick to my stomach and was worried I'd get some horrible comments that I couldn't handle. I had a therapist who I loved ask me if I had ever been raped. I lied and said no. I wish I would have told the truth, but it's just too hard to talk about. Even posting this anonymously to strangers is difficult even though I barely gave any detail at all. 
First off, I should warn that I'm 30, female, and Autistic. We didn't find out about that last one until this year. Everyone just knew i was quiet, awkward, socially inept, etc, and now we know why. I may ask some questions that seem obvious to everyone else but social/relational things are kinda mysterious and scary to me. I really do just want to understand. Long story short: We discussed me not wanting kids yet. I'm a lazy/stubborn kind of irresponsible so we agreed the options were condoms and pulling out. I know. I suck. I'm on the shot, now. My doctor explained it in a way that made more sense to me. One night, the moment i realized "my god he's not pulling out." He was on top, my arms/hands were pinned and the more i said "No, stop, what are you doing, please, no" the more he squeezed and kept going. He later admitted his goal was to get me pregnant so he could "keep me."The other time was after we'd been arguing all day. He had a habit of calling me worthless, foul, manipulative, etc, and then an hour or two later ask me to have sex with him, no conversation in between. He'd pout and go to bed. One night when i went to bed about an hour or two later he grabbed me from behind (I was on my side facing away) and ripped my already ripped and ancient sleepy time shorts even more, pull underwear aside and just wouldn't stop. I kept saying "no, what are you doing, stop, can you even hear me" and pushing as much as i could but he was behind me and i finally just...gave up. I couldn't physically hurt him. I stopped fighting. It could be my confirmation bias but i think he's admitted to it in txts to me. There is some history that makes me question if i should report him, if i even can?, how would i even?, it's 3-4 years later. Here is the history:* He told me when we first became close that he kissed a 4 year old neighbor girl when he was 14 and was placed in a 2 year inpatient program because of it.* Now he's saying nothing happened and stopped himself before *anything* happened.* He has posted nude pictures of an Ex online* just this week he threatened to do it to me. he had been policing my main reddit account in a support forum* he gets angry when turned down for sex* 4-5 years ago he showed me what i think is child porn on his computer. He said they were legal "model shots" of girls and what made them distinctly legal was that the girls were wearing underwear. They were thong/g-string underwear and nighties and stuff and they were in provocative positions. Is this really legal?* He currently lives with a married couple he is friends with. They have 2 daughters around 3 and 5. I don't know if the porn is still there. I don't know if any of this is reportable. I feel really stupid. Seeing all of this information together makes me feel nauseous. Am i stringing stuff together that doesn't belong? What am i doing? What have i done?
I was sexually assaulted multiple times by a man I trusted, in a somewhat kinky relationship. Yes, I was a submissive in a BDSM relationship, but we discussed boundaries and he violated them, and I told him to stop, which was supposed to be taken literally. He didn't until I pushed him off and got dressed, then left the room.He stopped contacting me for a month, then resurfaced two days ago, bombarding me with texts. I only realized it was assault recently. I panic when I see his number. I shake, my heart races.I was firm when he asked to see me. I said no, I told him I'm not interested, I repeated it, I told him why. He didn't listen when I said no. He didn't listen when I told him to stop, or when I told him he was too rough. But I'm scared. I keep checking the locks on my door. How do you get over something like this? Is there a way to feel safer? Where do I go from here? 
Long story short my friend told me last night that she was at a party and a guy made a move but she told him she didn't want it to go any further. She was quite drunk and then fell asleep. She remembers waking up with him trying to take her underwear off and then nothing else until the morning, when she woke up, he was gone, she had a big lump on her head and suspicious discharge in her underwear.She has absolutely no idea what happened but is pretty convinced that she was raped because of how she felt and also the state of her underwear, but she didn't go to the police because she thought it might have been "her fault" for "getting herself in that situation".I tried to tell her it wasn't anything to do with her actions but I'm not sure what else to do or say cos she was understandably not very comfortable talking about it. Any help would be much appreciated.
So a friend of mine was recently raped and she doesnt want anyone to know about it but she trusted me enough to tell me. It was really bad too, like she was bleeding and everything and shes trying to just act like it never happened. Anyways the guy ended up texting her again later and she found a condom covered in blood in her room. Like thats enough evidence to put him in jail but she refuses to go to the police. I feel like I should respect her decision but IDK, it feels wrong not doing so.
We've only been together like 3 months. I only got back from visiting about 4 days ago. She told me she got some lorazapan and drank on sat and drank tonight. She said she got blackout both times and was raped. I don't know what to do. please help
I've never posted here, I've only been in this subreddit a handful of times, I appreciate this being a space where victims of assault and rape can have their voices heard. That being said, I never thought I would post here ever: To give you some context and background- My boyfriend doesn't come from the best family, to be blunt they're all low lives, other than his mom, and grandmother.Drug addicts, thieves, convicted felons, ec; He, however happened to be the only sibling/child of his parents that never ended up in handcuffs at some point or another, he's so much different from his family, especially his brother. So to start this off, we were vising his family across the state and I always love going over to his grandmother's house, she's always cooking, always laughing about something, telling me stories, ect; Just a pleasant atmosphere when it's just my boyfriend's immediate family home at his grandmother's. However, Grandma happens to have let all these scumbag family members all live in this house with her, so eventually spending pleasant time turns into coked up screaming matches between family members. Worst one of all, is my Boyfriend's brother: My boyfriend's  brother, (Let's call him Bobby) Bobby has spent the last 6 years in jail. He gets out 2 weeks before our visit to see family, so of course my boyfriend is happy to see him when we visit. He's an ex-con/felon for assault with a weapon, grand theft, robbery, and possession of crack/cocaine. He's been a crackhead for a while and everyone seems to be fine with this, even though it's what promotes his shit, behavior.. I digress. During our time spent, boyfriend catching up with his brother, I found it odd that my boyfriend's brother kept asking me a lot of questions, despite me being the new 'family' member, he seemed to focus target on me most of the evening. It got even weirder when he'd rather be in the same room as me, all the time. He basically followed me around - I'd go to one room, do something or help grandma out, and he'd sit down, i'd leave, he'd soon follow. That was my first red flag. As I mentioned before I was helping grandma around the house, she's a seamstress so she has a lot of fabrics, and I myself am aspiring seamstress as well (I love making clothes and costumes). So she tells me she has a small closet under the stairs in a half-bathroom, (just a toilet and sink) she has a ton of fabric for me I can take home, she says I just need to dig it out. So of course, with out skipping a beat I head for the gold-mine of fabrics. ..This is where it starts to go horribly wrong; Grandma (without knowing what would happen) asks Bobby to come help me, because there's heavy furniture and boxes in this closet. Now, I'm already waist deep in this munchkin closet, trying to pull out rods with fabric on them, so I'm basically stuck where I'm at when I see  Bobby come into the bathroom to 'help'. Now, I'm sure someone here has good intuition, and feeling when someone or something makes you so uncomfortable, your stomach knots up. Bobby, since the moment I met him, gave me this overwhelming feeling of "I need to never trust this guy ever"Of course, my gut is never wrong; So in the span of what felt like eternity, which in reality was only like.. a minute, maybe two - I'm stuck, bent over these boxes and pinned behind an end table and 2 more boxes, when I feel his hand slip onto the small of my back, and up the back of my shirt.. "You need help, sweetheart?"Chills ran down my spine at that point and I jolted up so fast, I slammed the back of my head on the door frame of this little closet, and threw myself against the door and looked up at him - Mind you, this guy is 6'4'' and all muscle and I'm a scrawny weak little 5'4'' grungy goth girl, with no back bone. This guy  terrified me, because he gave me this look (That I'll never forget) that spoke a thousand words to me. This look of - "If you scream, if you make any noise, I'm going to knock you the fuck out." My heart was in my throat, I locked eyes with him, his smug glaze-eyed facial expression, knowing he had power over me, because he knew how scared I was. A "Bunny and the Mountain Lion" to catch the phrase. He leaned into the closet, as he leaned over he grabbed and brushed across both of my breasts, and looked up at me "Is this what you need, babydoll?" I swallowed really hard and tried to scoot past him but he leaned back up, again rubbing and grabbing at my chest for a second time.By this time, what felt like forever, my boyfriend finally walked over to the bathroom looking for me, I was so relieved so I squeezed past Bobby and told my Boyfriend to help him look for the fabric and went out to the kitchen to get my head straight and make sense of what just happened. I've never had my body violated, I've never been touched so unwantingly in my life so I was in a panicked state for-sure. So, Bobby and the boyfriend get the fabric out (at this point I don't even want it..) and go back outside to chit-chat. About 20 minutes pass after all that and I'm trying to calm down and make sense of everything, by washing dishes with grandma and talking.I'm putting food in the fridge, cleaning dishes, and Bobby comes in behind me while I have my face in the fridge and grabs my ass, while grandma's back is turned. I assumed it was my boyfriend and I turn around and I threw myself backwards into the fridge at this point. Before I could say anything he asks me if I want to go into the bathroom and have sex, but he lips it to me. I shake my head furiously and  back away from him and the fridge and he creepily asks me ; "Do you want kids?" I replied with a very bland response "Not ready, not now." and he laughed and grabbed a soda out of the fridge and sits at the table, 5 feet from the counter, where I was packing up left-overs and stacking dishes. Grandma's back is turned from us the whole time mind you, so this is the real kicker, he knows he can get away with it because I wont scream or upset/scare Grandma. So I'm ignoring his presence at this point, focusing on cleaning and doing whatever. He gets up and turns away from me and immediately my hands are shaking, my heart is pounding.. I know I shouldn't look over at him but I did and I shit-you-not, dick in hand, he's masturbating looking at me, 5 feet from his GRAND MOTHER, while the mother of his child, and his son are in the living room watching TV, adjacent to the kitchen. I pretend like I didn't see it and panic and grab a loaf of bread (yes a loaf of bread..) and ask grandma "What do you want me to do with this?" I ask hoping she'll turn around and see what this asshole is doing, of course he stuffs his junk back in his pants and walks away.. At this point, I'm looking for any excuse to get the fuck out of here so I lie to my boyfriend and tell him I just got my period, we have to go back to where we were staying for our visit. I had to wait til we got back to our side of the state before I told my  boyfriend what happened.. He no longer speaks to his family and wont bring me over to see him mom and grandmother while he lives there. I should have said something, I know. I should have called the police when I had the chance too, but I had no proof. He had his kid there, and grandma didn't need anymore drama in that house.I was so scared that I'd ruin the evening, and the peace that I let this mother fucker get away with touching me and sexually assaulting me. Even if I brought this case up now, it's been months and there's zero proof of what he did. It's amazing how someone can get out of prison and within weeks, be cracked up fondling his brother's girlfriend in a bathroom closet, and beat his meat feet away from his grandmother and family and not give a fuck. I'm disgusted and I've never told anyone besides my boyfriend, he wont go back to see his family, because if he does, he'll beat the shit out of his brother for what he did to me. That helpless feeling? that panic, that fear of being so fragile and vulnerable is so real, and I had no idea what it was like.. When writing this to tell all of you, I cried about it for the first time in months, because it brought back those feelings of being doomed like that again.He would have hurt me if I screamed for help, he's done it before. tl;drBoyfriend's brother is a piece of shit scumbag, cornered me in a tight space, touched me inappropriately and jerked off in front of me, 5 feet from his grandmother/son/baby moma. P.S ; Sorry for any typos and mispelling, I was upset while writing this a lot. P.P.S ; This is also a throw away account
Really confused, looking for advice.Went back to a house party after work christmas night out, fell asleep on one of the staff member beds. Woke up, everyone was gone and the guy that was having the party was going down on me. I couldn't register what was happening and froze. He then pulled me on top of him and started having sex, I realised what happening and immediately got up and left. I didn't feel like I consented but I let it happen. I feel like I should have immediately kicked him away and left but I didn't, I don't know why I let it go further before stopping it.Don't know how I'm going to tell my boyfriend without him feeling I've cheated on him.
I had always wanted to be an academic. I loved learning about religion and always excelled. I got the best grades all through my undergraduate Latin classes...I just loved applying myself to school. Then I was raped. I went out with a friend in a city I didn't know, he said his friend was cool and I crashed at his friend's place. I woke up to his friend inside me, thrusting. I cried, I sat in the fetal position until dawn, I drove home.3ish months later. I've been in therapy since 2 weeks after my ordeal. I'm currently on antidepressants and meds to stop my nightmares (they don'). I have a 3.9 GPA. It's my senior year of college, time to apply to grad schools.I applied. I did what I was supposed to do. But I'm so done. I have PTSD, anxiety, and depression. The only way I can sleep at night is by taking melanin and drinking too much. I cut myself because I feel numb. My therapist just moved and doesn't care. I'm drowning. I want to kill myself. It would be so much easier for me.
Throwaway account and fake names. My best friend will be Ben and the guy I've been seeing will be George.I'm feeling very angry at George and very confused, I'm not sure what to think here. Please help Reddit!I met George through my best friend Ben and we've been on several dates the last few weeks. He seems very thoughtful, a hard worker, completely himself around everyone, honest. I've been having a great time with him.Ben called me today and told me that he's decided not to be friends with George anymore and he needs me to know why. Basically...-Ben was molested by a male family member from a young age. -Ben and George got very drunk one night and George gave Ben a blow job. -Ben says he pushed George away and George turned around and lowered himself onto Ben for penatration and continued for a while.At no point did Ben say "no," or "stop." It sounds like Ben was completely okay with the blow job but didn't want it to go further and he just froze. It's conceivable to me that George didn't realize Ben tried to push him away- I remember how drunk they both were that night and it was hardly able to walk drunk.Ben says it felt like rape to him, but he thinks that's only because of his past. Hes not sure if George knew he'd tried to push him away and he has had somewhat of a sexual repationship with George in the past. He had been okay with the blow job and didn't say anything about the penatration. He feels completely responsible because he could easily have said "nope dude," and he's sure George would have immediately stopped.To me, the key point is that Ben didn't participate in the penatration. So... even incredibly drunk, I feel like I'd notice if the other person was just frozen lying there. Then again, George was not facing Ben and he was very intoxicated.If it's relevant, I have been sleeping with George, he's not at all pushy or anything. I know his idea of his sexuality as it concerns males is "not my preference but a friend can get a friend off once in a while."So, Reddit? Please give me your opinions, confirm my disgust or give me some hope that I haven't been sleeping with the guy who took advantage of my best friend. Oh, and this was all long before I started dating George! Thanks Reddit.  
I was slut shamed for being raped late last night by an only flame. I was telling him (for some reason) about how I had gone through a miscarriage from a pregnancy that came about through rape. I didn't know I was pregnant until a few weeks ago. And before I knew, this guy and I were flirting and sexting. And I told him that I had just gone through a miscarriage and that's when he called me a slut. He called me that because I was pregnant when I was flirting with him, even though I had no idea. It was only after he and I did that (it only happened for a week then he got all pissy and left) that I found out I was pregnant. So as I told him this, he said he believed me. Then he said that he still didn't want to be friends with me, which I had never mentioned. I had said to him that I didn't want to be seen as what I had been through. That I was not just the raped girl with 3 miscarriages under her belt who enjoys sexual stuff when I consent. But that's what he did. He saw me as only the girl with three miscarriages and then called me a slut. 
When I was young, my brother and sister coerced me into sexual activity multiple times. My brother is 5 years older than me, and my sister is 7 years older than me. It happened at least 4 or 5 times. From the ages of 6-10 this happened. My sister would lock me in my her room with her and we would do things of a sexual nature. My brother would often ask me to experiment with him. I never considered this rape until I thought how at the time, they were both teenagers. My sister at certain points was 15 while I was 8 and doing these things with me. I was never FORCED but I was a curious kid. Would this be considered rape? I cannot remember exactly details as I've repressed the memories pretty heavily until now. I know that it involved fellatio and other types of genital contact, although I'm sure I never engaged in outright sex. I've never felt up until recently that I was a victim of rape, and when I read people's stories about rape I always empathized with them but could never relate. I don't feel immediately traumatized from it but I feel like it has screwed me up in ways I don't wish to divulge on here. However, I do wish that it never happened now. I'm no longer close with either of them, although we talk out of obligation sometimes. tl;dr Brother and sister, 5 and 7 years older than me respectively coerced me into sexual activity when I was 6-10 multiple times (separately). I was never forced but I didn't know exactly what sex was and I wish it had never happened now. Was I raped?
I've told a couple people about this, but I didn't realize until now how much it affects me. I just want to get it out.When I was around seven or ten (honestly my childhood is such a blur, I blocked most of it out) my grandmother went out of town on a business trip. I live with my grandmother because my mother is diagnosed with bipolar and borderline personality, and my father was unemployed at the time. Anyways, while she was out of town, I stayed with my stepmother's family. I hated my step family, so much that I cried the whole time I was there, wanting to go home.My step family stayed in this little house that belonged to my stepmothers mother, and all the 'kids' would stay in this one little bedroom, that belonged to Ivy (my cousin I think) and Andrew (her brother).Andrew is the reason I'm writing this.Andrew is the boogieman that haunts me.I was supposed to be sleeping on the floor in a sleeping bag, and Andrew was in the bed beside me. I was crying all night, wanting to go home. Finally I hear this groan from the bed and Andrew's tired voice saying 'stop crying'. It silenced me, but I started to hear his bed creaking. Soon I felt his lips press against the sleeping bag (I had it pulled over my face so I wouldn't wake everyone up with my crying). I tried to tell him to go back to bed, but he kept trying to kiss me through the sleeping bag. I was frozen. I didnt know what to do. I looked at Ivy, trying to get her to wake up, but she just mumbled at me to go back to sleep.Finally I decided to get up and go into the bathroom, closing it, but not locking it (stupidly of me). Also stupidly of me, I actually went to the bathroom, just sitting on the toilet with my pants pulled down, staring out the window in hopes that I could stay there all night.I froze when Andrew walked into the bathroom, looking at me tiredly and saying 'are you going to stay in here all night?'I didnt know what to do, so I stood to pull my pants up.He dashed over to me, and before I knew it, his hand was rubbing my private and his lips were pressed against mine. I was terrified. I bashed my knee into his groin and ran out into the livingroom, hiding under the table. He didn't come after me. I slept in the livingroom all night.The next morning, people looked at me weirdly for being in the livingroom, but no one really asked any questions. When we ate breakfast at the table, the thing that engraved itself into my head was Andrew eating cereal and saying, "I heard someone crying last night".A few years later, after constantly questioning myself whether it actually happened, or if I dreamed it all, I added him on facebook, hoping to confront him. We talked, he acted like everything was normal. I couldn't ask him. I couldn't face him lying to me. I couldn't stand to see him happy with the idea that I was questioning myself, as if if I asked and he said it never happened, that he could get away with it.I can't have relationships with men. I'm still scared of them. When I kiss a guy I want to puke. I wasn't raped, but the thought of him still haunts me.
I was with my ex bf for 4 years and it was a really abusive relationship with him being very manipulative and controlling and he stalked me after I finally had the courage to leave him. He had a bdsm fetish with him wanting to be the submissive one and me the dom. We never had a safe word and he had said to me in the past that he wanted me to do things to him and even if he was saying "stop" he wanted me to keep going as roleplay. I was never really into it but I went along with it for him. We broke up almost 3 years ago but these past few months, I keep replaying this scene we had in my head over and over again. We were having sex and I was using a strapon. The sex itself was consensual beforehand but during it, he said stop and I thrusted a few times then he said stop stop and then I thrusted maybe once or twice (though not sure if this part happened) and then stopped. I don't remember it 100% but he never mentioned it being rape afterwards or said anything afterwards about it. I just feel extremely guilty now for the one time I thrusted afterwards and I'm not sure if I raped him. I'm not sure if maybe I was confused at the time because he had a lot of fetishes about being a submissive and he liked roleplaying and being forced. A lot of it is blurry as it was a long time ago but I feel horrible now and I don't know if I can live with myself if I actually raped him as he really hurt me and I feel like a bad person. 
So this is my first time posting here, I'm sorry if my writing isn't up to par as I don't type long stories very often.I have a few bad memories/flashbacks involving my ex boyfriend that I think were rape or sexual abuse. I don't know, but judging by the way my body reacts to them and the strong emotional pain that they cause, It makes me think it's not just in my head. (When we were dating he said it wasn't possible to get raped by your boyfriend.)So My ex was my first boyfriend. He was a awful, emotionally stunted, abusive person. But at the time, I loved him. He manipulated and gaslighted me a lot so it's hard to trust myself, as I am still very mentally and emotionally damaged from that relationship.So anyways, here are the incidents/memories. -also, I'm a very socially awkward, shy person. I didn't have any sexual experience with another person prior to this.The first time something happened I was at his house for the first time when we first started seeing each other, I was still a virgin. His room was in the basement, and I got there before he did from work so I sat on his bed and watched TV until he got home.    He came downstairs and said hi and sat next to me and we cuddled. We made out a bit, and then out of nowhere he started forcibly grinding on me. It actually hurt, he was basically having clothed sex with me very rough, almost holding me down. I said 'stop' a few times, I don't think he heard, but I was pushing on his chest as hard as I could (I'm short, 5'0 and like 100lbs, not very strong). I was sort of freaked out, and felt extremely pressured, -edit- when he was done he just stared at me and It made me feel uncomfortable and weird so I said we could have sex (I know because I said yes that that isn't rape, but before that when he wouldn't stop grinding is what I think might be sexual abuse). The second time was I my house a while later. We had sex for a whiile (consensual) and then he wanted me to turn around so I did. He asked if he could do anal and I said firmly "NO." He started putting it in anyways and I screamed and said it hurt and stop SO many times, it hurt so bad I felt sick. I was crying, but tried to pretend to be OK for some reason. It hurt so horribly and I've had problems with that area for years since. It has become a sensitive area, so much so going to the bathroom gives me panic attacks. I remember it was bleeding A LOT when he was done. I don't know why, but I acted like it was fine and laughed it off at the time but I regretted not trying to fight him off more. He was a lot bigger than me, but I could have kicked him at least, so I'm not sure what to call that.Typing this has set off some anxiety so I might come back and update w/the other time, I just want to know if this is all in my head? I'm sorry for my poor typing, I hope this belongs here. Thank you.    
It's hard to still say that out loud. When I have to talk about it I choose to say sexual assault.  The word rape is such a powerful word, it carries so much pain and destruction.  I was raped by my roommate.  Yes, I had a male roommate, I have had many in the past.   Most of the people I've told this to have given me this look, like it was my fault from the beginning.  That I should have known to never trust a man.  He was my friend, we had lived together for a year before this happened.   I keep going back and forth on things I should have done differently.  I felt trapped financially and my choice made this happen.  We had been drinking together and I drank too much.  We had hung out many times, this should have been no different than the others.  But it was, I don't even remember everything and I wish I could.. I would have fought before it happened.  I get flashes of it, seeing him on me and not being able to stop it.  Feeling immobilized but wanting to scream, not knowing if this was really happening.  The next day he acted like nothing happened, like it was okay. I was in shock, I talked to him even.  Maybe it didn't happen, I could ignore it and that means it didn't really happen.  I had to go to a family event early that next day.  I showered and left like nothing happened.  I sat there with them going over and over the events in my head, smiling and talking to them.  I almost told my cousin but just told her that things were bad with my roommate and I would have to kick him out.  I just kept playing the events over and over, thinking the whole time that it was my fault for drinking.  It can't be rape if I was drinking with him right?  I brought it on myself? I got back from my family event right when he was getting back too.  I confronted him right away, I told him that he raped me. That I loved my boyfriend, who was also his friend.  That it wasn't consensual and that it was illegal what he did, that I should call the police.  Thinking back now I wish I had right then.. called the police.  I just kept thinking in my head that no one would do anything because I was drunk, I took a shower and time had already passed.  He left the apartment and returned so drunk and belligerent. Tried talking to me at my door and fell asleep outside of it.  This is when I called the cops, right?  No.. I was so embarrassed that I was in this situation, that I had a male roommate that I drank with, that means I brought this on myself. Why try to get help now?  The next day he tried to apologize and I told him that he had to move out and he raped me. He acted like it was okay, but he kept apologizing. Of course he fucking knew he raped me.  God, even writing this now I am disgusted by how I reacted.  I should have done something, yelled, screamed, stabbed, called the cops. SOMETHING. I had to leave again to meet a friend.  We were talking and I all the sudden blurted it out when he asked how things were with my roommate and everything.  He urged my to call a hotline or go to the police.   I left and drove for awhile, I almost drove to my moms but she had a lot going on.  I drove to my boyfriends house, we had been having an argument and hadn't spoke for a few days.  I keep thinking maybe that's why my roommate did this? He thought he could now? I don't know.. I keep trying to rationalize it.  I told my boyfriend and told him I was sorry.  That I never would have wanted this to happen and I feel so embarrassed.  He said he wanted to take me to the police station or the hospital at least.  We went to the hospital and did the exam.  I didn't report it that night but decided to the next day.  I also told my sister what happened.  The cop I reported it to was not nice at all and did not let the advocate from the hospital come in or my boyfriend.  He read my report and then called my roommate right outside the door. He said that he told him he hadn't done that and that it was consensual sex, that we were fwb.  I couldn't believe the cop was doing this, I was suppose to be getting help from them.  Then I remembered, this is why I didn't want to report it.  I was crying by the time I left, I told the advocate that the cop basically said it didn't happen, that it was my fault.  That it was just two friends who had a few too many and had sex.  This was NOT that.  I tried getting a no contact order because I didn't feel safe that he knew where I lived and could also text.  The judge denied my no contact order.  It was a horrible ordeal, I had to see him in court. He said I came on to him all the time and he had to turn me down for sex constantly.  That I was always drunk and dramatic.  I couldn't believe the things he said about me.  My lawyer also didn't include the text messages he sent me afterwards, basically admitting it and saying sorry.  I never went back to try again even though the judge denied it without prejudice which means I could try again. I hated having to see him and couldn't even look at him.  Now I wish I had, I wish I had yelled and confronted him, called him a rapist so that his family could hear.  I'm so mad at myself, mad I was so weak and scared.  I tried living at my apartment for awhile thinking it would be okay, I'd be okay eventually.  I never opened the room he had raped me in, I didn't want to see it. I didn't want to smell it.  I ignored it, I drank a lot and started smoking.  My boyfriend was there, but I was mad at everyone and wanted to push him away.  I blamed him for not beating him up, killing him, something. I blamed everyone around me, how could they go on with their lives like everything was fine.  My sister finally told my mom but I think it has been too much for her to really comprehend.  She doesn't talk about it and acts like everything is okay.  I finally couldn't stay in my apartment any longer, I was being too self destructive and was worried I would kill myself.  I moved in with my boyfriend and his grandparents.  Not an ideal situation but I just needed to get out, I was worried what would happen to me.   My landlord said I could move but keep paying until he rented it.  I have now found out that legally he should have let me move out because a sexual assault happened there.  I told him that and the rcw code, he let me off my lease this month after already paying over 4k in rent while not living there.  I might try to get it back legally but have no hope in getting anything.  I've lived there many months now and feel so hopeless.  I have no interest in sex or being romantic with my boyfriend.  I feel bad he is involved in this and I don't think we should still be together.  I'm trying to find a new place that I can live and am also scared to live by myself or with roommates ever again. I'm scared to live on the bottom floor also.  I hate living in this fear.  I decided to start therapy and will have my first appointment next week.  I was in therapy as a kid and thought it did nothing, so I hope now it can help.  I feel so hopeless and think maybe everyone is just better off without me.  That I should have just stayed at my apartment and killed myself.  Now I have my bfs family involved  and I just feel like I'm only alive to save face and make everyone else happy.  I just don't know what to do anymore.  I don't know if this is how I'm suppose to write these posts or how much detail to add. 

Im still in shock... We were so happy together. Im sure you never have male posters, but shit happens ya' know? What can I do in this situation? Please help!
Hello, /r/rape!/r/MensLib is excited to announce that our next AMA will be this Thursday, December 17th, with Chris Anderson, Executive Director of MaleSurvivor. We thought your community might like to participate.Here's Chris's bio, from [his personal website](http://www.christophermanderson.com/):> Christopher M. Anderson is one of the world’s leading experts on male trauma. He is an advocate for survivors of trauma and sexual violence, an author, entrepreneur, public speaker, and host of [The Weak-End Podcast](http://www.weakendpod.com/). He is also the founder of Wysiati Communications LLC, a new media firm that specializes in curating and producing high quality content that entertains, elightens, and empowers listeners.> A survivor of multiple forms of childhood trauma with an [ACES [Adverse Childhood Experience Study] score of 6](http://www.cdc.gov/violenceprevention/acestudy/about.html), Chris has overcome battles with severe depression, anxiety disorders, and suicidal impulses to become an internationally acclaimed public speaker and author. Chris' professional areas of expertise are male sexual victimization, trauma and resilience, and developing and implementing compassionate, trauma-informed, and holistic responses to abuse.MaleSurvivor is a tremendous organization that works on the issue of sexual violence against men and boys. They're listed in our Resources for Men Guide, and we're happy to think of them as allies in the men's issues discussion.Chris was kind enough to provide us with some links to help familiarize us with him and the work MaleSurvivor does:+ [What is MaleSurvivor?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1THgL0lPzw) (video - content advisory: sexual violence)+ [MaleSurvivor Weekends of Recovery](http://www.malesurvivor.org/weekends-of-recovery.html)+ [Tips for When Triggered forum post](http://www.malesurvivor.org/board/ubbthreads.php?ubb=showflat&Number=400349&an=74#Post400349)Chris will post his AMA thread at 6 PM Eastern US time, and then rejoin us from 7-9 PM to discuss any questions or comments we have for him.We're very excited to have this opportunity to discuss such an important issue with a leader in the field. We hope you all will join us, questions and comments at the ready!Many thanks to the /r/rape mods for letting us share this with you.
Sorry for posting again,  I had to delete it,  but I'm reposting.  I was going to use a throwaway,  but Reddits being a pain in the ass so fuck it. Its been really really bothering me tonight,  and I just can't stop thinking about it,  and I read somewhere that writing it to share helps. So here it goes.  When I was 17, I needed extra money so I applied for an over night janitorial job for cleaning after events.  It wasn't the greatest,  and I'd be tired constantly,  but I needed the extra money so whatever right? That's where I met him.  At first he was cool,  kinda funny and 27 at the time.  He was friendly so why would I give it a second thought? How would I have known what would happened? As I got better at the job our boss started trusting me more to clean at another area separately.  My boss chose me and him to go.  We got along so he thought we'd make a good team.  I wish he hadn't chosen me. So we got to the separate building a few kms away. It started out normally and I was just doing my job.  He asked me if I could clean the women's bathroom,  and I just assumed it was because he wasn't comfortable with cleaning it.  Boy, was I wrong.  I started cleaning one of those handicapped stalls,  and I felt hands on my hips.  I turned around to ask what he was doing and I felt the force of lips on mine.  I pushed him away, but he was stronger than me.  (Obviously I was a 17 year old,  and he was 27.) basically he forced me on the ground,  forced my pants off. It was painful.  One of the most painful things I had ever experienced.  I bled after too.  The whole thing was 10 minutes. He took my virginity, something I could never get back. I was traumatized.  It was the worst night of my life, and year.  After he was done he told me to ever tell anyone. He knew where I lived, and he said he would tell the boss that I came onto him.  (I was known to wear lower cut shirts, and my boss was a bit old fashioned.) I was afraid for my job,  and I was a naive 17 year old.  He would fire me.  I desperately needed the money.  It's worth noting that the places we cleaned had no cameras,  and I felt like I had no proof.  After a few more shifts,  he did it again.  And again.  Once coming to my house.  This monster raped me 3 times.  I pulled a no show at work and quit.  I couldn't do it.  I should have done it before.  I should have quit but I didn't.  My naive,  stupid 17 year old self didn't.  He tried to contact me by my phone,  but I ignored it.  He never texted anything I could use against him.  That's when I started self harming. I felt worthless.  I felt like a whore.  I felt empty. I felt like no one would love someone who was used.  I was a broken girl, and I was scared to tell people what had happened to me.  I moved to a new city  and I had trouble connecting to men emotionally.  I had sex with men I didn't care about because I didn't care about anything.  I was detached from sex the whole time. Someone already used me,  what did I care? I became distant from everything. Another year passed,  and I moved again,  with some of my family members 200 kms away.  It wasn't great.  My family (Aunt,  grandma and Cousin) wasn't to great.  I started using drugs to get away.  I used them to forget.  I quit for a month, but suddenly I just...  I snapped.  I suddenly felt like there was no one for me.  There was nothing in life.  There was no one I'd ever connect with. It was because that...  That monster ruined me.  I attempted suicide. I was (Thank God,) unsuccessful with it.  I spent 2 weeks in the mental ward of a hospital.  After a suicide attempt I moved back with my mother.  I got put on antidepressants, and my life is finally coming together.  I think of all the experiences maybe once a month,  and it's emotional.  I sometimes cry in bed at night,  but I finally opened up to someone about  what happened. I started to feel better and I met a wonderful man, and  reconnected with an old friend.  My wonderful best friend and my boyfriend.  (Best thing that's happened to me) I opened up to him about this before we became official and I was terrified of what would happen.  Maybe he would think it was too much baggage and leave.  But instead,  he took my hand and hugged me. The sex we have is meaningful and I feel...  Wanted.  I feel whole again. I still get super uncomfortable when people are talking about rape, but that's it now, besides the night crying. It feels nice to finally heal. I still regret not telling someone about what happened right after,  but I have absolutely no evidence to turn him on now.  Also I live 2.5 hours away from the city he's in,  I'm not even sure if he lives there anymore, so I can't exactly go to anyone about this.  Now four years later I'm finally getting over it,  but I feel like writing this down helps a lot.  I've never told anyone the full story before,  and I need this out here.  I needed to get my whole story out.
We have been dating for almost a year and a half, and we haven't been happier. We rarely fight, and I think I want to marry her! We were talking on the phone with her, and I can't even remember how the topic came up but she just opened up out of know where and told me a story about how she was repeatedly sexually abused by a neighborhood teen who was around 16 when she was 7. I had not heard a thing about this prior too tonight. heart was torn in two hearing about it, and I was left in shock. The terrifying weird part was how completely desensitized she was to the entire thing. Lemme tell you, she is the crying, emotional type of girl. But she didn't cry telling me the story, or show almost any emotion. She just told me that she grew up thinking it was normal, and that she doesn't know why she isn't really emotional about it nowBesides this, she has had a pretty messed up childhood. Her parents were never married, she has an asshole dad who is never around, a drug addict deadbeat brother, and a mom who is a complete pushover. I guess what I'm asking is what do I do? She has so many problems from all of this, and so much pain and brokenness inside. It's like some days she dumps her problems on me because she can't handle all the stress, and it leaves me speechless or shocked or heartbroken and I have no clue what to say or do or how too help her. How am I supposed to even address this horrific sexual abuse she experienced when she was a child?
I live in a country where rape is a very controversial subject sadly. About 3 years ago I was at a party and I had a few drinks. It was very crowded so I went outside for a little fresh air. I took a little walk around the building and some guy was apparently following me. He grabbed me and took me to an underground parking lot right by our side. He grabbed my arms and took off my pants and raped me anally. I don't know if it was the shock or the alcohol but after fighting for a few minutes I just stopped and let him finish.I got scared of the possible reactions so I didn't tell anyone. The next day I did some tests to make sure I didn't catch any STDs and I was clean luckily.I never let it get to me but of course every time someone talks about rape I get irritated.About a month ago I told a close friend who was very consoling. It's hard for me to trust someone and I feel like I confided in the wrong person because she doesn't seem to care or changes the subject whenever I bring it up.And I feel like talking about it now. 3 years later. But her reaction made me uncomfortable to open up to anyone. So I thought I'd post it here.I don't know what I'm hoping to achieve. But I just want to let it out. I was raped.
I have very rarely spoken out about this, and few people know.I was in my previous relationship for two years. It was horrible from day one. I was abused verbally and very rarely physically. I was caught in a spiral with him that I couldn't get out of.For the first year we weren't officially a couple. We were seeing eachother and lived in a houseshare together. About eight months of seeing him, one night he tells me he want's to have sex. I told him I wasn't in the mood and wanted to go to bed. So I went into my room for the night. He followed me into my room and proceeded to violate me. I screamed and cried hysterically and quickly gave up fighting and prayed for it to be over.After he left I panicked. I tried to clean myself up and questionned wether I should call someone. I was in a state. But I couldn't find my phone. He had taken it with him.Stupidly I went into his room and he told me I had left it there. He then asked what was wrong and tried to tell me he thought I was just playing out a little fantasy. And it wasn't rape if he didn't realise he was raping someone. He then told me nobody would believe me anyway. He convinced me I needed him and that nobody else would ever put up with me. And I believed him.A few months later I told two people I thought I could trust with it, and they went straight to him. He obviously convinced them I had lied for attention and that was that.I have mentioned it to my current partner, but we don't speak about it. I'm convinced he thinks I lied about it too even though he knows I'm not someone to fabricate stories.So, I wanted to talk about it here. Thank you all for listening.
A few months ago I bought my mum a journal that is designed to be shared between the two of us. Basically we write to each other in it like letters. And there sections where we answer pre-written questions. The idea is that I can get to know what my mother was like when she was my age.For a long time now I have had the suspicion that she may have been abused by her father when she was a child. In my most recent journal entry I asked her if that was the case. I told her I was ready to hear it if she was ready to talk about it. Her response confirmed my suspicions. I won't write exactly what she wrote down but I will summarise:Her father was physically abusive towards her mother when he drank. When she was an adult she developed some sexual difficulties. After speaking to a psychologist about vague memories of sexual abuse she thinks her father may have molested her. She remembers having to go to the doctor with her mother to get creams for infections.While all this was hard to read about my mother the part that broke my heart was this:>I don't know if it really happened. >I don't know who it was.>And I don't know if I'm just making it up. I don't know which is worse - if it did happen and I was abused, or if I am just imagining it and I'm just a crazy liar.I want to be completely supportive in my response to this. But I have no idea where to start. Normally after a journal entry we send a quick text to let the other know that we have read it and appreciate what they wrote and I want to text her now. I just don't know what I could say to be supportive.(If it makes any difference her father has passed away.)**tl;dr**: My mother confided in me that she may have been sexually abused by her father as a child. I want to be supportive but am not sure what I can say.
I was raped two years ago and down-played the experience - telling myself it was nothing. I thought it hadn't had an affect on my life until recent when a friend came to me for support after being raped. I can't help but compare my reaction (almost no reaction) to her very different and dramatized coping. It's all I can think about. Since she has told me, I've started having panic attacks daily. I've never told anyone about my rape and even though I want to share my story, I don't think I could tell any of my friends. I'm going to share my story here...Almost 2 years ago, on New Years Eve, I went to a club to celebrate with my friends. I definitely consider this time of my life to be my 'party phase', as such, being drunk almost to the point of blackout and doing cocaine all night was normal for me. During the countdown I remember taking some 'molly' with my friend in the bathroom and soon after this, the night becomes a blur. I really don't know if the loss of memory is attributable to the drugs I was doing by choice or i I had been drugged unknowingly.. I remember the lights turning on at the end of the night, and then the next thing I remember I am in a car with 4 strange men, who all looked around 30 (I was 19 at the time). I don't know where my friends went, but I don't remember feeling forced to go with the men. We ended up at some type of 'after party' and I had no idea how far we were from the club I was originally at. The rape itself is incredibly blurry in my memory but it is when I started to come back in to normal awareness. I do remember him moving my head to give him a blow job and telling me to open my legs. I remember barely being able to move my body and only being able to form the word 'no'. I remember the pain of the surprise anal. I was a virgin.After, we went downstairs to join the after party (about 10 people, only one other woman) as if nothing had happened. I had my phone and was calling a cab, but the cab never came. It felt like forever - of course it was new years and the worst night of the year to get a cab. I called my friends; no answer. No one in the house spoke to me. I remember a man trying to talk to me and kiss me and my rapist pulling a knife on him and starting to fight him. I was so scared; I tried to inconspicuously leave out the front door to walk even though I didn't know where, but didn't want to draw attention to myself by finding my heels. I left without my shoes or jacket and walked in the freezing snow. Then the man who raped me must have gone out looking for me because he pulled up in his car beside me. I got in and he drove me to my home. I am lucky it didn't turn out worse.New years day, I was in so much physical and mental pain, seeing my mother that morning gave me a feeling I can't describe. I had work that morning at 10am at my restaurant. I remember being quiet all day and then deciding to pretend it never happened. The only thing I thought about was the fear that he would come to my house (because I had shown him to it).Anyways, after I guess I didn't feel victimized or guilt, anxiety or depression or any of the 'normal' responses. I wasn't even sure if I should consider it 'rape'. Now, however, it is starting to have an impact on my life and relationships and.. I guess I'm just confused. Thanks to anyone who read.
---snip of irrelvant info.---I don't know why I don't like to use the r word but i just can't bring myself to admit it.Saturday, 2 weeks ago, I was out, I met someone very nice and he bought me a drink. That was around 12.. 12-1 is where my memory seems to just stop. I woke up in a strangers and just thought I made a stupid decision and was prepared to just accept it and move on no matter how shit I felt about the whole situation.I had a doctors appointment Monday and on the advice of a friend I asked them to test my blood for anything, and asked for an examination down below.After the exam I was told I had a few tears, to which I just accepted as rough sex I'm regretting.Then I got the blood test results back and it was positive for something called rohypnol which is date rape drug..So even though my memory of that night is completely empty, and no matter how fucked up I may have been, I thought maybe there was a chance I gave consent but even with a few drinks in me I wouldn't have done it in this.. I don't remember anything.What I'm aware of is the pain. Hard to miss a few tears. So I've just been kinda dealing with this. I wanted to just end it all, and I came close a few times, but I stuck to only self harming, not a great thing, but it stopped me wanting to kill myself. I went crazy on drugs and got into debt just so I wouldn't have the desire to kill myself and to forget whats happened.Now I've just been so angry and upset. I'm so hostile to everyone now. I hate myself and everything since that night hasn't been right. I feel so worthless, hurt, useless, I feel like I deserved what was coming to me, because I haven't lived a perfect life.. But I just don't know where I am anymore.I can't keep myself together. I'm cutting myself. I've stopped doing drugs... Only because I have a debt to some how pay off, the thoughts of suicide are still there, I'm barely sleeping and when I do manage to fall asleep, it's either I pass out or cry to sleep, but if I do sleep I have nightmares now and I wake up with my nails clenching into my skin and in a cold sweat. I don't remember my nightmares, either..I'm falling to pieces, I'm broken and torn, How could someone do this, Is this my new norm?I just don't know where I'll be tomorrow, if I'll be here. Every night gets harder. Now that it's unavoidable what hash appened I just don't know anymore. I just don't know. I'm so useless I can't even figure out what to do and all I'm doing here is screaming at random internet strangers begging for help hoping someone hears me.. I feel so pathethic. I feel like nothing, less than nothing, destoryed, worthless, almost like I brought it on myself for doing shit things in my life.I just want it to stop. What scares me is with each passing day I want it to stop more and more.. Soon it doesn't feel like I'll have anything.Thanks for reading if you read I guess, this is so long that I wouldn't be mad if you finished.I'm just a sad broken useless pieces of shit that isn't worth the breathe I take anymore, and if you finished this.. Thank you for reading. I'm afraid of where I'm going or what I'm going to do. I just want it all to stop.Thanks for reading..
Let me start by just saying that I hate the current definition of rape as it applies to the law. Rather, I hate the grey area that seems to surround the meaning of "consent." Did I consent? Did I not consent? How do I know? There’s no way to see inside a victim’s mind at the time to see exactly how they were feeling. There’s no way to measure the subtle ways that these awful people toy with their victims to make them do things that they wouldn’t otherwise. I've been told that what happened to me wasn't rape because he never used physical force or outright threat of physical force. He never told me that he was going to punch my lights out if I didn't say yes. Hell, I even drove over there once a week knowing full well what he’d try to do. He was much more subtle than overt threats, and that lead to a lot of doubt on my part since. He spent two months conditioning me to not say no before he took my virginity. Saying no wouldn't get me anywhere. Every time that I said no, he would stop, but instead of leaving me alone, he’d just keep asking. He would just keep asking in a way that seemed like he never heard me the first time. This led me to doubt if I was really even resisting at all. It’s like when you get a pop-up error, but whenever you push the close button or try to click out of it, it just pops back up again with the same thing. Eventually you feel like you have no choice but to restart your computer or something to get rid of that message.He never hurt me or told me he was going to hurt me, but he scared me just the same. He had punched holes clean through his wall and told me that he did that when he was angry. Later, when I was telling him no, he told me that made him angry. He was big and scary and I was a tiny 16 year old. Even though he might have just been expressing his feelings and not even planning to hurt me if I kept resisting, I had no way to tell. I resisted him for two months, but eventually I knew it was going to happen. So one day, after spending at least 15 minutes saying that I didn’t think that I was quite ready and shaking my head and saying I don’t know, I finally said “fine.” I don’t remember much, but I remember that moment clearly. “Fine.” Then I took off my boots. This happened at least 15 times, and each time it was easier for him. After a couple times, I didn’t even resist at all anymore. I was just so numb. It was a weekly chore that I dreaded more than anything else. I thought that the only way out was to kill myself, which I planned on doing whenever he got me pregnant or I graduated high school and would have to move in with him (so I thought), whichever came first. Luckily, after about a semester with him, I womaned up and left for good (sixth or seventh attempt). He never came after me like I thought he would, making me feel stupid for staying for so long.It took years and some prodding from friends for me to actually label what happened to me as rape. He never hurt me or even threatened to. He stopped when I said no. That couldn’t be rape, right? I gave him the go ahead and even was on top most of the time. I’ve been told that calling nonviolent sexual coercion isn’t rape and that it devalues the term to the detriment of all the “real” victims. They weren't there, though. Now, I’m telling this story after over 4 years of thinking about it and going through a year and a half of counseling for PTSD. It took me this long to put everything together in a way that is understandable to other people in a way that wasn’t just “he pressured me and I said yes.” I can imagine and remember how confusing it felt in the aftermath. To be so black and white about this crime hurts so many people that would otherwise call what happened to them rape. I know that for me, having something to label my experience helped me tremendously. But having that label invalidated destroyed a lot of my progress. As a lover of black and white things (accounting student here), I can’t stand this too clear yet too vague definition of what consent means. I just want to tell all of the people reading this who might be unsure of what happened to them, keep going through your story. Especially if any of this sounded familiar. Write it out. Pretend like it happened to someone else and see if your definition of what happened changes. Trust that any holes in your memory aren’t exactly filled with sunshine. You’ll still have your doubts about if it was rape or not like I still have mine, even today. What’s important is to keep your perspective and not get lost in what other people who weren’t inside your head at the time think.
A few months ago my older sister was raped by my step sister's boyfriend's cousin, long story short we contacted the police and they dropped the investigation after a month or two. My sister has been emotional sick and words like sl*t hurt her, I don't know how to help we don't have money for fancy therapy. Is there a way I CS. Help or I can look for help for her, I feel so bad seeing my sister so hurt and me being so helpless to do anything. I love my sister so much and it breaks my heart knowing she's going through hell, please if anyone can tell me what I should do or I can find help for her tell me please. I live in Orange County, CA 
About a week ago, my fiance was sexually assaulted by someone we both thought to be a mutual friend.  I would consider what happened to be rape, though I'm not sure it technically falls under that legal umbrella.  This is an incredibly difficult time for him, and I want to be there to listen to and support him to the very best of my ability.  I, however, have never been in his situation.  I can't comprehend what he's going through.  For those of you who have been in his place, do you have any advice you could give me on how to best be there for him?  I don't want him to feel alone.  Is there any way I can help him begin to heal?  I know it will take time, and I'll be there for him for as long as it takes.  I just want to know what I can do to help.  Thanks for reading.
Trigger warning! I was 15 at a friend's party and an older guy (18 or 19) tried to corner me and kiss me. I adamantly said no and made it clear I was not interested and to back off. Hours later, I had gotten really drunk and my friends put me to bed upstairs. I passed out. I woke up with my pants down, and said guy standing over me with his pants down, pulling my shirt back down over my exposed body. The morning after, I told myself I had woken up before he did anything, though I didn't fully believe it. I believe I repressed the full memory, as I never thought about it until years later. I've been having nightmares about that night for 6 months now, and it's hard to get back to sleep sometimes. I told my husband about it years ago, but I never went into details. Just that I think he may have touched me or groped me without my consent. I was clear that I wasn't sure what had happened. Now, as the nightmares get more frequent and graphic, I am more and more sure that I was raped. We have an amazing relationship and he is crazy supportive and understanding, undoubtedly my soulmate and best friend. We are each others' firsts and first loves. However, when we first started dating he admitted he would not feel as close to me and would have a harder time connecting if I wasn't also a virgin like he was, and he loves the fact that we were each other's firsts, as do I. My problem is that as this memory is becoming more and more of a problem in my everyday life, the need to talk to my best friend about it becomes stronger. But I am afraid that even though he has matured a lot since making the virgin comment (it was years ago when we were both teenagers,) to some extent whether subconscious or not, he might still think of me differently if he finds out I was raped before he met me. Is it possible that my nightmares are exaggerating what happened and I really was just molested? Or is it more likely that I repressed the rape and it's finally coming out in my dreams?How do I tell my husband? Any thoughts or general opinions are much appreciated.
My post was removed to /r/relationships a was recommended for this sub.**tl;dr:** A man that I care about recommended a movie that triggered some deep seated memories about my abuse as a child. I don't know if I should say something to him about it or not.I began seeing this man a couple of months ago. We grew up in the same town and had mutual friends. We dated before, but things didn't work out due to my drinking habit. I'm now sober and going strong for almost ten months. We recently decided to try again and its been wonderful. I know we're only two months in and we haven't officially began dating, but I can see a future with him. Being with him feels so normal and natural. I don't have to pretend to be someone I'm not. He never, ever makes me feel uncomfortable. He is caring, kind, and everything that I would want in a future partner. He's also comfortable with discussing my previous drinking habit, which means more than I can explain. He doesn't shame me or make me feel guilty for who I was. In short, he gets me and I feel lucky for the time we have spent with one another.He currently lives a few hours away in a different city. Since we began seeing each other, I've gone to visit once a month and he visits me once a month. We generally have the same taste in cinema and certain music. Being that we're far away, we tend to recommend different artists and movies for each other to watch. He and I are both partake in creative careers, so it's invigorating to have an extra mind recommending good work.A week or so ago he recommended that I watch the documentary that Bobcat Goldthwait directed, "Call Me Lucky" about Barry Crimmins. The last time I visited, I brought up Bobcat a few times. I recently have become obsessed with Bobcat(I know, it doesn't make sense to me either) and I think he found it to be cute. We kept doing the impression to one another and he's become an inside joke between us. When he told me about the documentary, I forgot about it. Last night, he asked if I had seen it, which I hadn't because I was on a 'Half Nelson' binge. Which, if you've seen Half Nelson, you already know what kind of mood I've been in. A large portion of my younger years revolved around drinking and drug use. Watching 'Half Nelson' always puts me in a funk, but I keep watching it. I had nothing to do tonight, so I figured what the hell, I'll watch this doc.**SPOILERS** From the beginning, I could almost sense this was going to be much darker than I had initially thought. Towards the thirty minute mark, Bobcat had just explained how he had gotten sober. I was really enjoying it at this point. A weird part of me loves knowing there are people in show business who decided to sober up. I work in media and it can be difficult being the only sober one in the bunch. Comedians like John Mulaney give me hope. Back to the doc, I'm getting to the hour mark and the topic shifts towards the sexual abuse that Crimmins' endured as a child. Crimmins was raped by a babysitter and their boyfriend at a very young age. I immediately stopped the movie and started writing this.When I was younger, I was sexually abused by my sister. As was my brother, but I didn't find that out until I was 18 or so. My sister would make my brother and I perform sexual acts on her and she would then perform them on us. If we refused, she would beat us. My sister almost killed my brother once out of anger. She threw a remote at his head that nearly hit near his temple that would've killed him. My sister has busted my lip. She has left marks on my brother and I. I was terrified of her as a child. My sister was diagnosed with Bi-Polar in her early teens. My sister was also abused when she was a child. As was my mother. Sexual abuse runs through my family like the plague. As of now, I am on very good terms with my sister. When I was 19, I sat with her and expressed my feelings towards my childhood. While all of that was happening, I never told my family. I had told a couple of friends, but that was about it. Around 18, I began getting night terrors. My then boyfriend would wake up to me screaming bloody murder in the middle of the night. I would shake myself silly until I felt sick. I would cry for hours until I gasped for air. I had to sit with my sister to find closure for myself. As of now, I love my sister. I can't imagine the pain she endures from her memories.Unfortunately, my experience with sexual abuse didn't end there. When I was 14, I was raped by a high school friend. I had a crush on him and he knew that. We went to his house after school and huffed some drug. I honestly don't know what it was. I do remember what it felt like. My body was numb and I remember blacking out for a period of time and everything was just spirals. When I awoke, I was in his lap and he was trying to take my pants off. My father had also passed away a year prior to all of this happening. I had always wanted to wait to lose my virginity once I was married. Not for religious purposes, but because that's just what I wanted. My rapist begged me to have sex. Pleaded to just do it for about fifteen minutes. I kept saying no and that I didn't want to. Eventually, I gave up because I wanted to just leave. We had sex for a few minutes and then I got up and ran to the bathroom. He muttered something about not being able to date me because I'm black (I'm mixed). I ran home in my blood splattered shorts. I told a friend what had happened the next day and I was a little confused when she said it was rape. At that age, I didn't really understand the implications of what had just happened. I often still don't. The next day at school, I got to hear about it from everyone. My rapist told the school he had sex with a black girl, but he didn't tell them it was me. It was around that time that I started drinking and using drugs. Later on, I became promiscuous and was a terrible teenager. I attempted suicide a few times and was almost hospitalized.Again, very few people know any of this about me. If you were to see me today, you would think that nothing was wrong. I'm very open about my problems with alcohol. I am not ashamed of my past, nor will I ever be. Everything that has happened to me makes me who I am today. I can proudly say that I am not a victim and that I love myself. I've never been able to say that until now. Sure, there are plenty of things I wish I hadn't done and said. I wish I would've gotten help and told my mother, but I was scared. I didn't want anyone to get in trouble. I didn't want to cause anymore trouble.Now, I know he's going to ask me what I thought about this documentary and I don't know what to do. I've considered opening up to him about my past, but definitely down the line. I've thought it over and I know I could trust him with this knowledge. However, I almost don't even want to burden him with it. Especially not this early on. I know the simple answer would be to not say anything. Except, you can read me like a book. I can't lie and have vowed not to lie when I got sober. I don't hide my emotions well either. I'm supposed to see him in a couple days and I almost don't know if I can. I feel like I have this cotton ball stuck in my throat. I don't know what to say or do.Thank you for taking the time to read this. If you don't comment, it was cathartic. Thank you.**tl;dr:** A man that I care about recommended a movie that triggered some deep seated memories about my abuse as a child. I don't know if I should say something to him about it or not.
One of those nights where I'm lying awake thinking and I felt the urge to tell my story. This will be long. About a year ago, I was at the end of a very abusive relationship. I knew it was over but hadn't found the courage yet to end it. He was a drunk and a drug addict. Anything he could get his hands on to not be sober. At the start, I was wild too. We found each other and grew our dysfunctional relationship through drug and alcohol fueled orgies. At first it was all consensual. The thrill of being bad quickly wore off and I started wanting to cut back, but he never allowed it. I was literally whored out for drugs once, but somehow believed that both people involved cared about me. After a year, I was done. I stopped drinking, I stopped accepting any drug but weed and started cutting way back on that. I stopped agreeing to group sex and tried over and over again to communicate with him that I no longer wanted any of that. I started cutting contacts.. The girls he cheated with, the guy who asked to have sex with my DOG when I said no (my ex had promised this man sex with me...), etc. Through all of this I was the bad guy. I was no fun, a prude, a bitch, selfish, unfriendly.... I got a bad vaginal infection about a week prior to the rape. (Come to find out he cheated a third time.) It became extremely painful to have sex. I saw my dr and was put on meds, but the pain made me unable to have sex. The suicidal depression made me unwilling.One morning he pinned me against the bed, face down, spit on my vagina, and penetrated me. I shut down. I cried and told him he was hurting me over and over. I couldn't move. I was horrified. He finished and unceremoniously got up and left the room. I curled up sobbing on the bed, in awful pain and bleeding a lot from vaginal tears due to lack of lubrication and irritated tissue. He came back in the room and started making fun of me, telling me I was playing victim and to get up and stop fake crying. I begged him to come sit with me. I was so broken. I was his loyal dog. All I wanted was his approval. He acted disgusted with me and left to go lock himself in another room and play video games. I lost it. I banged on his door and told him that I felt raped. I begged him to change my mind because I felt like I loved him desperately. He ignored me and within 10min or so I retreated to the bedroom with my misery, pain, doubt, and shame.I vowed that it was over. It was. We stopped sharing a bed and after a few nights I told him it was over. We both rented from a mutual friend. We had 2 rooms, so we each got one.He became very scary and aggressive, started stalking me online, banging hard on my door and shaking the locked door handle when I wouldn't respond to texts. I had to hide in my room with the door locked. I lived in terror for about a week or two, and then got the police involved. They put him in a cop car and took a statement from me, but I felt that the questions the male cops were asking were inappropriate. They seemed to not believe me about the rape and said that I could press charges but I wouldn't be able to prove anything and that I would basically just be telling more and more people this awful embarrassing story. It was a horrible experience. Eventually they let him out of the car but suggested he find somewhere else to stay. This was enough for the mutual friend to evict him. He told anyone who would listen that I made it up. Many people believed him. I was attacked by former friends accusing me of trying to make him look bad and saying it was my fault for refusing his advances in the first place.I started having terrible nightmares about being raped. I became very disgusted with my body and felt sick over the idea of sex. It took a month for my vagina to heal. My emotional wounds are still healing nearly a year later. Many people still barely believe me. Friends. They say things like.. "I believe you felt very hurt" or "I don't think it's right to question it", but they won't say, "yes, I believe you were raped and I'm sorry"Many of my acquaintances are still friendly with him. I have to avoid social gatherings because I'm afraid he will be there. Sometimes I feel disgusted with myself when my current (very kind) boyfriend touches me. I feel like this will haunt me for the rest of my life. I just needed to tell people who might not judge me like it was my fault. 
My brother basically made me give him oral I'd rather not go into details. That was over 12 years ago. I have been pushing a lot of great people out of my life and sabotaging relationships, what steps can I take to get help? I haven't spoken to my brother in 4 years if this matters, also I don't tend to dwell on this, just my past relationships with other people that I have messed up.tl;dr What steps can I take to get help?
Rapist convicted and in prison for 2 years, just received another appeal notice. How many freaking times can this idiot get appeals. This is the second one and I want this prick to just rot in jail.
https://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/3vrior/i_was_raped_over_20_years_ago_by_my_coach/
I want to start this off by saying that I don't want to belittle anybody else's experience with this post. I'm just not sure how to feel about my particular situation, or if it's even really considered rape, but I would like some insight on how I can go about dealing with it. I'm gonna try to make this as short as possible.**TL;DR: A friend of mine had forced sex with me, but I feel like I didn't do enough to stop it, and I want to know how to go about dealing with it.**I'll start with some background about the girl, we'll call her R. R and I were sort of friends in high school, but didn't talk too much during or after high school. Recently she heard from a mutual friend that I was good at a video game she was getting in to. So we started talking a little bit more and I started teaching her more about the game, and we'd have regular online sessions of me teaching her things. Well, about a week ago she got drunk and started telling me how attractive she thought I was, and it went on for a while. It seemed harmless enough though, she only made a few slightly sexual remarks, and they were all very cheesy.The other night I had a small get together (about 7 people) with a few friends at my apartment. We were all just hanging out, drinking and playing video games. The girl in question seemed to have had a little too much to drink, and she started getting really flirty with me. I didn't think much of it and just continued to sit close to her. After a while, she started to become more touchy, so I started to avoid her. This continued for a while and she started to become a little more aggressive. She kept a light tone, but was physically restraining me. I had to use a lot of force to pry her off of me, all the while she was biting (not very hard) on my ear and face. It got to the point where my friends noticed and were pretending that they needed me for things. She seemed to cool down but continued drinking for a while and got right back into it, and kept trying to get me to go to my room, pulling me pretty strongly. Keep in mind I was also telling her that I didn't want her to do any of what she was doing, along with telling her I didn't want to go into my room. After a while this got really tiresome, but she seemed to be getting sleepy, so I thought maybe I could put her to sleep. I made it clear I wasn't staying in the room (I announced loudly that it was my turn to play a game next, and that I'd be right back. I still had a drink in my hand and everything.), and took her into my room and tried to get her to lay down. She immediately pushed me aside, turned the lights off and locked my door. She then pushed me on to my bed and started kissing me. I stopped the kissing and told her that I didn't want to do anything with her. I kept trying to get up, but she was able to hold me down (I'm not very strong, and she's a good bit taller than me, and goes to the gym often). I decide to just kiss her back for a little bit, and then finally I'm able to get up and tell her that I don't want to continue. She takes this opportunity to lay back and start taking off her shirt. I sit next to her and tell her no and pull her shirt back down. We're basically fighting over her shirt at this point, so I just get up and start to walk to the door. Before I do, she pulls her shirt and bra off and and pulls me back onto the bed. She starts kissing me again, and putting my hands on her breasts. I continuously pull away until I finally just give in and kiss her for a little while again. Once I notice her trying to take her pants off, I try to put a stop to that as well. She gets them off, and I get back up again, and she pushes me onto my back. This made me pretty dizzy, and she was able to pull my pants off and my underwear down, and starts to give me oral sex. I was pretty much just telling her that she didn't have to do this, and to stop. I just laid there and tried to enjoy it and eventually she tried to get on top of me so I could penetrate her. I told her I didn't want to, and maybe we should do this another time, and that I wanted a condom, but she said that she was on birth control and went ahead and put it in her. The rest is pretty much the same. I tried to enjoy it by touching her and just trying to get into it, but I didn't want to have sex, and I was letting her know the whole time. Eventually I was able to get her to stop, but it turned into her crying and me trying to console her. She asked if we could just cuddle for a little while, and I said that was fine (I had my underwear back on by this point). We just laid down, and after that I must have blacked out for a little bit because the next thing I remembered is that she was on top of me again, and I was inside of her. I was again telling her that we should wait, and do this later, but she kept going. I kept telling her that I wasn't going to be able to cum, which I wasn't, hoping that it would get her to stop. Eventually she put my penis in her anus, which I was totally against, and she was finally able to get me to cum like that. After it was all over she didn't want to get dressed, so I just helped her put some of my pajamas on and left. I didn't say anything to any of my friends, but she was being pretty loud, so I guess they just assumed we were having a good time. It turned out we had been in my room for about three hours.Basically, it just left me feeling weak and emasculated, like I couldn't take care of myself. The thing is, I'm not really super upset about the whole thing, just kind of bummed. I feel like maybe I didn't try hard enough to stop it, and like I even just let it happen at some points. I haven't talked to anybody about it aside from my roommate, who is also my best friend. He wasn't able to offer much, but I didn't really expect him to. I just wanted to get some opinions. I haven't talked to the girl, aside from a couple short texts the next day (in one of which she actually jokingly said she felt like a rapist), and I don't know if I should. I'm not sure if I should just let it go and continue to be friends with her or try to talk to her about it. I'm sorry this went on for so long, I just wanted to be as thorough as possible. If you guys have any questions about anything, let me know. I appreciate any responses I get from here. **EDIT:** Deleted
Three months ago, I was date raped by someone I had a couple drinks with (wasn't a date... this person was moving so it was a "send off"). I was so distraught, ashamed and fearful to do anything about it and I just went to the Dr. to get tested and my results came up negative. I've been dealing with the other emotional stuff on my own.A month after my rape, my boyfriend and I got back together. I am head over heels for my boyfriend and he feels the same way about me. I've never confided in anyone about what happened to me, except the doctor.Through a chain of random events I found out the doctors office misreported my STD results and I in fact did contract HSV2 (herpes). How this happened is beyond me.I didn't sleep at wink last night, am experiencing severe anxiety and have been crying all day. I feel terrible because now my boyfriend definitely has contracted the virus from me, though neither of us have experienced any outbreaks.Of course I am going to tell him, but I am terrified of his response, or really, that he will leave me. Maybe because I didn't tell him about the rape? I am so overwhelmed.If you were in his shoes, would you have expected your GF to tell you if she was sexually assaulted and how would you respond to the news once she told you?
Currently in a very happy long term relationship with my girlfriend and it's quite obvious how much we love each other (we often happily and openly talk about marriage, settling down etc.) I'd definitely say we're soul mates, we've grown up together, changed together and talk endlessly about anything and everything, quite frankly I'm deeply in love her and as far as I can tell she's deeply in love with me.We're both at separate universities (2 hours apart) and are mutually fine with each other going out with housemates and friends.Got drunk and smoked a lot of weed at an after party from a night out with friends and passed out on a sofa in the back room very intoxicated. Woke up next morning to a girl who I was not interested in trying to have sex with me starting by starting to kiss me (me not kissing back) she then forced her hand down my boxers regardless of me saying no to her multiple times. Also she already knew I had a girlfriend as I'd spoken about her the night before when we were all smoking weed as a group. I was still pretty drunk or hungover I'm not sure (but I was not 100% with it), this girl then proceeded to carry on by pretty quickly pulling my trousers/boxers down and put it in her mouth for about 3 seconds before I shot up and realised how much I'd fucked up by not getting out of there sooner or not physically throwing her off me on the sofa. I wasn't aroused, at most I had a semi which is nothing unusual seeing as I wake up with one every day...I got up and it hit me what just happened, I burst into tears and told the girl "What the fuck have you done, I have a girlfriend you've fucking ruined it!" or something to that effect.This girl then proceeded to say "Sorry, Just dump her haha I can be your bounceback" and basically just still kept telling me to leave my girlfriend, to which I just got my jacket and left.I honestly felt like a passenger in my own body as it all happened so fast and sober me would never ever be a part of something like that.I was absolutely disgusted and felt physically sick and an all body guilt for not getting out of there sooner or giving this girl strong enough signs to stop.I told my girlfriend everything the next morning minus the part where she tried/kind of went down on me for a few seconds, she was furious as you'd expect but eventually forgave me.I didn't tell her the full story because she was in her freshers week of university (me being in my second year her being in her first year) and thought it would just make her retaliate and cheat on me or leave me as she'd undoubtedly be getting a LOT of attention from other guys and as I'm sure anyones aware, freshers week is a very emotional time and easily the hardest thing in a relationship to endure (heavy drinking/partying etc.).I've been essentially sleepless every night for the last 2 months from the guilt of not telling her the full story, and I can't seem to formulate the words on how to tell her. I don't want to lose her I honestly can't imagine my life being worth living without her. I've been drinking or smoking weed on my own every night just so I can go to sleep. I stopped drinking and smoking because it had become a bad habit and have had the last few days sober to reflect.I know I have to tell her because it's the right thing to do and she deserves it as she's an honest  and good person.My question is how do I tell her, what do I say and where do I tell her? It's coming up to christmas holidays where we'll both be going home (where she lives a few roads away from me) and I'm thinking that might be the best time. Or is it selfish to ruin her christmas break so I can stop feeling guilty about my fuck-up?I don't know how it will end up or if she'll leave me, I've been living in constant fear of losing her and haven't gone out since it happened. I have since been upset all the time and have done my best to seem happy around her. I have also felt to some degree sorry for myself too as if this was the other way around, a girl would be seen as the victim if a guy was forcefully trying to have sex with her without consent, but because I'm male I don't think I'm seen as a victim of sexual assault or anything in this scenario...Apologies that this was a long post, needed to explain my situation fully.Any advice on how to approach this, how to feel better and how to do the right thing for my girlfriend will be greatly appreciated :(Edit: Tried to post in /r/relationships and it auto-removed and said to post here instead..   **tl;dr**: Girl at party tried to get me to cheat, I didn't get out of situation as fast as I should of, Haven't told my girlfriend the complete truth. How do I tell her?
So just recently, a few days ago, I was having drinks with a couple of close friends of mine. I usually can control myself, and enjoy getting pretty hammered. It's usually between close friends or my fiance. This night started off great. My friends and I were almost all very drunk, and discussing the great questions and meanings to life. Having a good time being idiots as usual. The night was coming to a close, and my good friend John (we're gonna call him that) was sad he was going to bed alone. He's a 21-year old gay man who had attempted earlier in the night to score with a couple of gents. To no avail, he was mentioning that we should have a slumber party. I'm going to mention he was very drunk. Incredibly intoxicated me thought the slumber party was acceptable, and I also felt pity for John. I offered to sleep with him, in a PURELY non-sexual manner. I would offer to be a body next to him as he rested, nothing more. Another friend of mine, (we'll call her Jane) was sleeping in John's bed, and John and I were on the futon. We turn off the lights, and start to go to bed.Immediately, John becomes frisky. His hands start moving all over the place, and he's pressing his behind into my crotch. I kept repeating to him, "go to bed", as it was about the most coherent thing I could do in self-defense. Eventually his hand reaches down my pants and he's gripping my privates. I keep telling him "go to bed" and start raising my voice. At this point he turns and whispers, "can I suck your dick?" and I'm starting to thrash around drunkenly. "Go to bed. Go to bed." is all I can manage. I don't remember my pants becoming unzipped, but I remember him performing oral sex on me for a decent duration. I didn't want it, and I didn't consent. I raised my voice more, "Go to bed, go to bed!"Jane finally asks whats happening. John stops. I leave immediately to "use the restroom". Anything I could do to leave. I return in a bit, because I forgot my phone. Jane asks me, "Did John touch you?" This is when my drunken mind became clear. I was definitely touched, and more. I was in a terrible fit for the night, but I've been able to have some thought since then. I still have a few questions though.Is it rape? If not, was it some other term for sexual abuse? Most definitions I've found mention the victim being under 18 for molestation and sexual abuse. It may have not been fully penetrative, but I definitely FELT raped. I am incredibly confused, and ashamed of my privates currently. I'm struggling with my own sexuality (pansexuality) and am having difficulty dealing with male people, characters, etc. Any input is appreciated, as I don't know what to make of the situation.
okay so.. a few nights ago I met up with a friend and we went to one of his friends houses for a party. I had been drinking a little bit before the party, because I thought that someone that I liked would be there, and once I got there I got a bit wild I guess. I remember drinking more than I normally do and smoking weed, something I don't do on the regular, and I was also on my prescription medication. After this I don't remember much, only flashes, because I guess that I was blacking out. Someone helped me to the bedroom and I think I fell asleep, I was like completely out of it and basically passed out on the bed. The next thing I was aware of was a weight on top of me, and feeling incredibly uncomfortable and in pain but not being able to wake up properly. When I wake up I realise that I'm missing my panties and my bra and skirt have been taken off - I definitely didn't take these off before I passed out,  I could feel bruises forming on my thighs and I felt incredibly hungover and in pain.I really don't know what to do now... how can I be sure that something happened to me if I wasn't conscious? are there any ways of knowing? I'm so confused and I feel violated and hurt even though nothing may have happened to me, and I want to tell someone but I don't think that they could do anything if I don't even have any memory of what happened during that night..
It had been a night like all others going out with friends but this time i was single, i was still in love with my ex but wanted a night out with friends. I began to drink and started making out with a person that i have know for quite awhile at this point, we had never kissed before this night.  He said we should go back to my place but i said no so we went to my car instead and made out some more.  We moved to the back seat and started talking and i told him how much i missed my ex and that i wanted to get back together with him, i even started crying, he kept trying to take off my pants but i said no because if i did i would have no chance of getting my ex back. He didn't listen and pulled my pants down and began to rape me as i cried the whole time.  He finished very fast and was small so it didn't hurt, but it hurt inside.  I told myself i asked for it because i got drunk and kissed him.  It's not my fault.  I went home and crawled back into bed with my ex, pretending nothing happened. I took the morning after pill because no way did i want his baby.  I thought i was in the clear until a couple of weeks later i started to feel funny and was nauseous. I thought no way and pushed it out of my mind.  I told a co worker and we both agreed i should take a test. I had one but it was expired so i peed on it just for fun and it was instantly positive but i thought no its expired it's probably wrong.  So i went to a store further from my house so i wouldn't run into anyone i knew,  i still did but he was on the way out. I got several and took them home. I took several more tests which all instantly said pregnant.  I didn't know if i should laugh or cry.  I thought at this point i didn't want to call it rape because it made a life and i wanted a child so badly so i played nice told him he was going to be a father and he had mixed feelings.  I then told my ex everything and he was super supportive and stood by my side and was happy for me. He said he would keep my rape a secret if that's what i wanted. I moved in with my rapist and we planned how we were going to co parent. I thought i needed him.  I began to see how drinking every day to the point he's passing out was the norm for him.  He even smoked cigarettes and pot in the house.  His dog was pissing all over everything and i quickly knew i didn't want to raise a child there.  After only a few months living with him my dad got a truck and moved all my stuff to his house where my parents helped me.  I went through so much but my stress levels were finally down.  I continued to go to my ex boyfriends house during the week because it was closer to work.  I went into labor a week late while at my exs house.  He called in sick to work and took me to the hospital. He stood by my bed holding my hand through the pain, his mom and sister also came showing support.  My rapist did not.  He was there from the beginning, my rapist was not.  At around 7 months we finally got paternity and he was forced to pay child support. He did not see her till she was 10 months old.  He has seen her maybe 15 times and she is now 2. Me and my ex are married now and he's rasing her as his own.  I hear from my rapist every so often but he hasn't seen her for 4 months.  I want to press charges but my time is up since it has been 3 years.  I just want him to give up his rights so my husband can adopt her. 
I was abused when I was little. So little I can't remember anything before that time. It went on until one day I said no. Maybe my abuser realised I was old enough to know what was going on because after that point he never tried anything again. Acted like nothing has ever happened. It got to the point where even I started to doubt myself. But I didn't forget. I told a friend when I was ten. I asked her if I was molested. She told me I was. I asked her to never tell and she never did. When I was sixteen I told one of my closest friends. She hugged me and never brought it up again. We are still close today but it is as though I said nothing at all. Life goes on. When I was seventeen I realised I liked girls. I told my first girlfriend everything that happened to me. She was outraged on my behalf. Everything that had been a numb dull memory suddenly dropped onto me. When we made out I would panic, gasping for air and scrambling away from her touch. When we had sex, almost every time I started to feel it, I would shake and cry, out of the blue. Once she held me down to make me fight through the panic. She muttered terrible things to make me afraid and wouldn't get off even though I was sobbing. She told me to fight back but I was as weak as a kitten, even though she was tiny. Finally I found the strength to push her away and finally she stopped. I stayed with her because I loved her and she saw nothing wrong with what she did. To this day she doesn't see it.She never came out. I begged her to. I did every sexual favour I knew how to do to tie her to me. I touched her constantly. We had sex everywhere, many times in public. I didn't care. All I needed was her love. When she told me she wanted to date men I stayed with her. She dated her boyfriend in the day and met me for sex and sweet nothings later. I knew it had to end. So it ended. I met a young girl and spilled my sob story to her the day we met. Then I asked what happened to her, because something in her face told me she was the same as me. She didn't have a story to tell but I kissed her anyway. Drunken and lit by starlight, I thought she was the one. I fell fast and hard. But my love, my obsession, my panic and pain were too much. She was not in love. I fell back into the arms of my first girlfriend. By then the love was gone. We just fucked and left, bitter and lonely. I know what depression is now but back then I thought I was just being pathetic. I started cutting in earnest. The scars will never go away. I buried myself in Tumblr. I fell in love with a straight girl and pushed her into an abusive relationship so that I wouldn't pine for her. I never knew until after it was too late. She forgave me somehow. I stood on the roof of a building and texted my goodbyes to a couple of friends. Then I texted the girl I loved asking for help. She never replied so I texted on and on until hours had passed and my moment of madness receded.I became promiscuous. If I wasn't hiding at home I was seeking out women to please. I didn't give a damn about myself so long as others loved me. Then I met the love of my life. I stopped cutting and started growing out my hair. The panic attacks started to ease, then became extremely rare. Life became idyllic. That was three years ago. She revealed to me recently that she is asexual. My whole life leading up to a relationship where I am fulfilled in every sense but sexually. She doesn't want my striptease, my sexy talk, my attention. She wants to focus on getting me off. I should feel great. Finally someone in my life who is with me for me, not even a little bit for sex. But I don't. I feel worthless. I feel unlovable. I feel dirty when I have sex because I know she isn't turned on. I feel like I'm using her. I can't control her with sex. I can't draw her in with my body language. I can't leave her wanting more. I am powerless. I know what depression feels like because like a fog it drifted over after that first night after she told me. I cried myself to sleep. She was so confused, still so eager to please me, still in love with me while I regressed into the grey. I'm still there. I'm still lost in this fog. I don't know if what I'm feeling is right any more. I don't know what I'm supposed to feel. If you can help me, please reply. 
**Background:**Growing up, sex was never taboo in my family and we weren’t religious but my cousins, who I looked up to, were. They believed in no sex before marriage and I think at some point I wanted to be so much like them that I adopted the same idea. My parents were very open to letting me choose what I wanted as long as I remained safe and didn’t try to rush into things. I have never been comfortable with my body like most girls do when growing up, but where I differed with many of my friends is that I HATED being naked. As soon as I could take showers alone, I rushed through them as fast as I could so I could remain nude for as little as possible. I have always been complimented on my looks and didn’t have a problem with boys, but while some of my friends were starting to have sex at 12-13 I was getting butterflies holding a boy’s hand for the first time at the same age. Many of my early relationships were just titles and I never had a problem with being pushed into something I didn’t want to do.At 15, I fell in love with my best friend Harry. Things began to change and he began to stir up those sexual feelings for the first time. He knew how I felt about sex and never pushed me but eventually hormones took over. When we started to become more sexual (never sex), the best way I can explain it is magical. We never verbalized what we were doing before we did it, it all just occurred naturally and I would follow his lead. If I had any signs of hesitation, he was good at stopping and then asking me. I fought for a while between holding to my morals and letting my body naturally guide me, but he was always so respectful and loved me no matter what decision I chose (even if i flip-flopped every hour). He accepted me for my flaws and supported me whenever I needed it. He was/STILL IS an amazing man, I joke that he’s too perfect to be real so therefore must be my imaginary friends I’ve convinced myself is real. Obviously we had our ups and downs but somehow we grew up together and continually worked on our communication. My parents were high school sweethearts, married young, and always seemed happy, so I figured if we worked hard enough, we would end up the same way.**THEN:**But, of course, I wouldn’t be here if I everything had stayed perfect. During my senior year of high school I took a heavy coursework and on top of this, joined a drama club. Halfway through the year, I ended up having some health issues that developed into depression and anxiety. I joined the Drama club as a way to become more vocal and have some fun as I always wanted to act but didn’t have the skill, luckily they let everyone join and perform in the plays. The only downside was that almost all of the kids had been in the club throughout highschool and had become extremely close. I tend to be a little intimidated by large groups of girls, especially this one because of how close they were. They were always friendly but I tended to hang out with the boys in the class because they were more open and had far less inside jokes that made me feel like an outsider. There was another group of boys in the class that were there to build sets and props, but during second semester many of them volunteered to act as we required more boys for the play.This is when I met Austin. He was a very outgoing, funny guy whose humor matched with my own, so a friendship was born rather quickly. Harry and I had been together for 2 1/2 years by this point and while he was amazing, no other guy even looked at me because I was “his”. My self confidence was never very high and I had begun to gain weight after I stopped doing sports. So I took the compliments Austin began to give me, the beginning of my bad decisions. I thought we could remain friends, despite the attention he gave me. I wasn’t attracted to Austin but the idea that someone else thought i was beautiful boosted my ego. I neglected my relationship with Harry and that caused some tension between us. Harry eventually filled a spot in the play but him and Austin never talked. Austin would even ignore me when Harry was around. A red flag. After school ended and we graduated, Austin and I continued to text and maintained our friendship.As a graduation trip, my friends and I spent a few days at a popular theme park with my mom and her friends as “chaperones”. It was a great way to end a stressful year. The day we got back, my dad announced he was leaving my mom. I had never seen them fight and as far as my mom knew, there was no problems in their marriage. My mom’s friend immediately took my sister and I for a drive so my mom and dad could talk before he left. For whatever reason, I texted Austin to see if I could hang out with him. My rationale was that he had been through the process of parents divorcing and could be of some help. If I went to Harry’s house I knew his whole family would be around and on top of being upset, I would be anxious. With Austin, it would only be me and him. In my brain it all made sense. Austin was a good shoulder to cry on and he talked about his own experience. The next few months have become a blur with only highlights sticking in my memory so I will do my best to lay them out as cohesively as possible.Soon after my dad left, I broke off my relationship with Harry because trying to maintain a relationship seemed too stressful while my family was falling apart. Part of me thought if my parents marriage ended up like this, so would ours if we ever reached that point. I was afraid to be blindsided like my mom was. My communication skills were awful during this time as I couldn’t keep my head straight so Harry believed we were on a break and would revisit our relationship when everything had settled. Very soon after I broke up with Harry, Austin was hanging at my house whenever he wasn’t at work which inevitably led to him spending the night as he would try to stay as long as possible and then fall asleep. He was a nice change of scenery in the house, something my mom and I welcomed as my dad was out of the house and my sister had gone on a trip that had previously been scheduled. Soon enough, Austin kissed me and I let him. It was something different and I welcomed the change because it reminded me nothing of my dad. I didn’t see my friends often and most of them had stopped reaching out to me, so Austin became my sole support. My dad refused to talk to my mom so she could barely keep herself together during this time and therefore could not be much of a support to me.Eventually, I was in a weird-sort-of relationship with Austin but we never talked about it or referred to the other as gf or bf. I was so lost at this point and seemed to only have him for support, and now I continually try to convince myself that he didn’t see that weakness in me and the next events were because of his own issues. He started becoming more pushy, asking me to touch him. At first, I said no but then he’d kiss me, say it wouldn’t take long and that he really cared for me, so I gave in. Each new thing he asked for was answered at least twice with “NO” before I would give in to his pressure. But then he asked if he could touch me. I explained that I didn’t have any sexual feelings because of how sad I was, but he continued pushing me, not hearing the third, fourth, fifth, sixth no. So he asked me to do it for him because he enjoyed it, starting to remind me how good he was to me and how much he cared for me. So I gave in. And this cycle continued for a few weeks, I would say no or I’m not in the mood and he would pressure me to do so.Growing up, my mom discussed with me that no meant no and all that stuff but I saw myself as being strong and would never let a boy do that to me. I never expected to be in this situation, and even while in it, even while hearing myself say “no” I gave in and didn’t call what happened for what it really was. I remember when he wasn’t around having this sinking feeling that I was hurting more than just for my dad but couldn’t pinpoint it. I had twisted this relationship in my head to be a good one and I figured if I eventually said yes, it wasn’t sexual assault. Austin had previously signed up for the Army so it wasn’t till he left for boot camp that the cycle stopped, but my depression worsened after he left. It was a pretty short time between Austin leaving and my dad moving back home. That’s a long story but my dad worked through his issues and realized he still love my mom. Everything was SO much better, I never realized how bad their relationship was for so long but it did a complete 180 and they were both much happier. But with my family back together and a promising college career ahead of me, I only sank deeper into my depression and I couldn’t explain it.Harry came back into my life and began providing me all the same support as he had before all of this, but my guilt got to me when he began asking about Austin. I came clean about what happened, leaving out that I had repeatedly said no because I still believed I was as willing of a partner as Austin. Obviously, Harry was pissed and said I cheated on him. This broke me as I never saw myself as a cheater nor ever want to be one, but with some communication Harry decided to remain friends with me regardless and forgive me. We went to our college orientation together and he even comforted me when I got one last call from Austin that left me in tears as it would be the last time I would hear his voice for a few months. I cannot explain this so well, but the crying didn’t completely feel like it was out of sadness. I cried at an emptiness I didn’t know he had created in me. At the orientation, they gave a couple different talks on sexual assault and rape. It was at this point that I began to see myself as a victim but I held onto the guilt anyways as I began to blame myself for allowing him to do what he had done. The only one I told was Harry and he didn’t know what to do other than support me in any decision and constantly be a shoulder to cry on.I went off to college and experienced terrible depression, switching between medications when I would hit the maximum dosage and still didn’t feel better. I spoke to so many different therapists but never felt comfortable enough to talk about what had happened with Austin. I fell back in love with Harry and he was huge support through it all. Austin had been sending me letters but my depression caused me to hardly reply till eventually I just stopped. When he finished up with boot camp, he came to visit me in college so we could talk about what we were going to do. I hadn’t told him about Harry and did my best to explain that I was going through some tough times and the depression made me hardly get out of bed, let alone write letters. But he didn’t care. He kept telling me how I awful I was for not writing him back while he went through Boot Camp and I ended up apologizing repeatedly, crying. I’ll always remember how he looked up at me with a smile and asked why I was crying. As if he hadn’t spent the last hour tearing me down. We agreed a relationship wouldn’t work and he left me crying. As soon as he left, I started having a panic attack and Harry found me to comfort me (I still can’t believe how selfless he was throughout it all).**NOW:**It has now been five years since it all happened. While Harry and my relationship fell back into a somewhat normal feeling, he understood when I was hesitant to jump back into the physical aspect of our relationship. I figured in time I would heal and move on, but I can’t seem to do so. Slowly our physical relationship started up but it wasn’t frequent and we would go months without. Eventually, I said I wanted to have sex with him but when we tried, it was too painful and still is to this day. I talked to a doctor once about it and she suggested that lube would solve the problem, and while it helped, sex is still a no go. I almost have no libido, only coming up once every few months at best. The depression and anxiety persisted through this time and I eventually dropped out of college when jumping off a cliff seemed more welcoming than studying for another exam. I finally decided that I needed to put my mental health first and work hard on that before I could function properly. I saw a therapist and worked through a lot of my issues and was able to open up to her about the sexual assault. But after trying to work through it, I don’t feel any different. I thought if I opened up and talked about it with a professional I could find some relief, but no such luck.So now I am here hoping someone can lead me a new direction. What can I do now? Harry is still by my side and we have discussed marriage, but I don’t want to start off in a dead bedroom. I love him and it kills me that while most people are at their sexual prime, he is sticking by my side with no sex. It doesn’t bother him as he knows I need to heal, but we definitely agree this cannot be for the rest of our lives. So what now? I feel so broken inside.TL;DR: He wouldn’t take no as an answer and I blamed myself for what happened. It’s been years and I just want to heal, but unsure of what my next step should be.
I don't know if this is really rape or incest, hopefully someone can help me. I'll just tell you what happened, sorry if it's graphic. Anyways I was maybe 5 years old and I was playing with my cousins. One is about 5-6 years older (idk cuz I avoid him and decided to exclude him from my life) . He decided to play "a game" with me and decided to get me naked. I hate remembering this and it haunts me to this day .. But I'll just say what happened. He would get me naked and put me on my bed. I am very small and petite (shorter than 5"5) and he is over 6ft tall. He would play with my parts and get naked him self and put his penis all over me and on my face ect. At the time I had no idea what was going on and he told me to keep it a secret. This may of happened several times, it's hard to remember because it could have gone on while I was younger. He would tell me to touch/ look at his penis and hump me and put me in different positions. After he was done with me he would dress me and leave me in my room and I always felt wrong about it but never realized what had really happened. Wish I could forget it, I lose sleep till this day thinking about it, the images are so vivid. To top it off I remember one time he did this to me and my other cousins (all girls) would watch him. My family is very small and unfortunately they are the closest family I have. Idk if they remember or not but we hardly talk or see them. I am in my 20s now and I didn't fully realize this until I was about 17 when listening to a radio show about the subject. I remember it hit me so hard I nearly puked that moment. It's taken while to come to terms with it. I've been silent my whole life. Only my gf knows and she has been wanting me to see a counselor or physiologist. I suffer from anxiety and depression and believe this may be a cause. I also tend to have "feminine" thoughts and tendencies.. And sometimes have attraction to males. Is what happened to me a course of this ? I have had panic attacks and sat wishing I was a girl because at least that would of been more natural. I never had sex but I think he took my viginity at age 5. Was I raped ? Did I commit incest? I'm a disgusting person.
The "incident" occurred back in early June 2015. For background, I live in Northern California, in a small conservative town. I'm a transgender teenager(16 at the time, 17 now). I'm not quite sure what to do, and I'm not completely clear on everything that happened. My mind blocked it out essentially, until last week and I'm going to let it flow out here. The person who did it, lets call him C, was 15 at the time, I'm not sure now but i think he is 16. Its hard to type this out, mainly as I'm trying to not think about it at all. Well C and I used to be friends, I had just been dumped by my girlfriend and I was feeling down. We had made plans to hang out, and he was sending some vibes that I didn't exactly pick up on, but we had agreed that if we were to hook up then so be it.  The day came where we had planned on meeting up. Immediately I could tell something was off, he wasn't quite acting like himself, pushing toward me, trying to hold my hand, attempts at kissing me, ect. I thought we would go to his house, but he wanted to go on a walk through a forested area. I agreed to go on a walk with him, even though he was still trying to make moves. I wasn't really in the mood though, so still resisting. Eventually we just sort of stopped walking, and put a blanket down to sit on.  While sitting there, he had nudged up against me, and I had no problem with it until he was practically on top of me. We were still talking and as he was on top of me I slid out from under him and moved to the other side of the blanket pretty fast. He just sat there staring at me, and slowly crept closer to me again. After 15 or so minutes he was next to me again and then he started bringing up sex.  He wouldn't stop talking about it, and he was obviously trying move after move to get with me. It was us alone out there, maybe a mile or two away from any houses or civilized life. He just kept badgering me for sex over and over until I finally was exhausted to the point of just giving up and submitting.  It wasn't my first time being penetrated, but it hurt. I felt betrayed by my friend, and I didn't know what to do other than take it. The human body reacts to stimuli, I know that, I didn't want sex but my body was reacting. He forced me into being penetrated, and I felt forced for into letting him give oral to me and vice versa.  He made me ejaculate, and by that time I was crying and grabbed my things and just got as far away from him as I could. I was worried, he hadn't used a condom(after multiple STD and STI screens, I am clean), but I just wanted it to have been a nightmare.  I realize now that i was raped. The few friends that know what happened also agree that what he did was rape me. In mid July, I was at an LGBT+ youth group, and I shared parts of my story. They contacted the police, and I ran(past very bad experiences with police). My friend, D, had my address, and gave it to them though. So after getting back home I had maybe 10 minutes before there were two police officers at my door.  I didn't tell them the full story, nor the person, but I did say how i was raped/sexually assaulted.  Fast forward to last week. After 6 months of radio silence(from blocking every number and account) with C, he found a new number to talk to me on. He's harassing me again, through Facebook, Steam, and texting. I want to go to the police, but i'm not sure what they could, or would do. C raped me, but he is younger than me(same size as me though). However, now I'm not sure what evidence there might still be, I never got a rape kit done on me(idk if I could have either) and i've deleted all of the older messages between us.  I guess I am looking for advice as I have no clue what I should do. Help me reddit, you're my only hope. Thank you. TL;DR: I was convinced(?) into having sex, however it was more along the lines of rape, and idk what to do.
I kind of want to share my story just because its been sitting on my chest for too long. Once when i was little, between the ages of 8 and 10, my family moved into an apartment building where i met someone named (for the sake of privacy, using a different name) Nicole. They were 15 years old and first introduced themselves with a female name and later with a male name, saying that they wanted to be a boy (and I use they because that got complicated). So Nicole would always hang out with me and my sister in the woods behind the apartment building, and a few months after knowing each other Nicole asked if I'd date them. Of course I said yeah, because 1. I didn't see anything wrong with the fact that they were heading into high-school and i was finishing grade 2. and 2. The idea of having a Boyfriend/Girlfriend was an exciting idea for me at the time. So we 'dated', walking around the woods together and going to the local park to hang out. But then one time, while we were watching a movie in my room together with my sister, they started making out with me. It scared me but i thought that was what you were suppose to do in relationships so i went with it. They did this a lot, playing 'hide and seek' to have my sister run into the woods and hide while they made out with me in a hiding spot. Then they brought out the topic of sex. I told them that we didn't need to have sex to love each other but they insisted we did. I don't want to go into detail but sex happened, and it turned me into a nervous wreck. I didn't tell anyone because I thought that it was, again, something that people in relationships do. A month later, my family moved, and i didn't see Nicole again. What happened though has left me sex repulsed and afraid to get into any sort of romantic relationship. I did have a relationship after that, it lasted almost two years but my previous partner had problems with me not wanting to have sex so we broke up. I'm 16 now  and the thought of kissing someone makes me want to cry. I have a high sex drive despite being repulsed by sex. even hugging people makes my stomach twist. I don't want to tell anyone because my family isn't the most accepting with that sort of thing aside from my sister, but telling my sister wouldn't do any good. I just want to know what i can do to be more comfortable with relationships, sex and come to terms with what happened. Its been years and I still can't get over it. 
In kindergarten my step dad started hands on teaching me about sex..every day.. I didn't know anything was wrong with that until I was in 5th grade and one of my friends told cps... He was the closest thing I had to a dad something I always wanted.. So I lied.. Said nothing was happening and the case was dropped.. After this he taught me it happened all the time in other countries its just looked down on in the US.. I trusted him.. Years of sexual encounters and 'movies' later I was 14 I realized it wasn't okay anymore i stood up for myself and I stopped it. I buried all the painful memories.. And most of my childhood with them. We talked about it and he told me was sick but was better now and we kept acting like father and daughter.. This August he tried very hard to kiss my lips I didn't let him. Then he got weird.. The look in his eyes... He was still sick. So I began a case I turned him in so no one else would have that happen. In doing so I had to remember the past.. He was arrested on the second and Ive been having horrible flashbacks since I had to start remembering. His arrest made front page of our local newspaper, he was a big part of our town and now people keep coming to me apologizing that my dad is in jail but they don't realize I was the kid he did all those things to.. And because he was a good dad aside from all the super fucked up shit he did to me, I still feel a little bad for sending him to jail.. But people like that can't be out in public. I needed this off my chest. People in my home aren't acting like I'm dealing with something big... Treating me like im mentally well... I can hardly do anything with these images in my head...
i just had to get that off my chest. he was a cop that i was friends with/had consensual sex with. he's now eligible for re-hire. i feel lost. i feel sad. i feel confused. i feel like my ability to get angry about this has been taken from me because now all of a sudden no one is on my side anymore. i know that's not true. i also feel tiny. minuscule. like my problems don't matter in the grand scheme of things, because they don't. but my problem is also SO many other people's problem. and society doesn't take notice. we're scared. is that the goal? oh and i have PTSD and some associated medical bills and the state is saying they don't owe me shit. so now it's all on me. i'm appealing that decision and talking to an attorney. does anyone here have an experience pursuing a civil suit? i don't want money from this. it's blood money. i just want my medical bills paid for. 
Just need to get this off my chest. I was sexually assaulted this past August. I was out with a big group of my roommate's friends, and we were drinking and having fun at a bar. A friend of a friend came over and we were introduced, and we immediately began talking which led to dancing and making out. After some time had passed, I looked around the bar and realized none of my friends were there. I began texting them and looking for them, but no one was responding. The guy I was with told me he'd take me home if we left the bar, so I left with him. We started walking towards my apartment, and then he turned down a road I didn't recognize. I pulled back and kept repeating "I want to go home."  and he said we were just stopping at his place for a nap and then he'd take me home. I kept insisting on just going home and his tone changed and he said "You're not going home." harshly and led me the other way. I could barely walk on my own and my apartment was at least another mile down the road, so I went with him. When we got to his apartment, I said I had to go to the bathroom and locked myself in. I texted my roommates again, telling them where I was, asking them to come get me, telling them I didn't want to be with this guy. They didn't respond. When I left the bathroom things got blurry. He walked me to his room. I remember laying down on the bed and curling on my side facing away from him. He started kissing me and turned me onto my back. He started getting himself undressed and I told him we shouldn't do this, I was too drunk, I barely knew him. He just ignored me. That was probably the worst part, not being heard at all. He pulled at my romper and said "Take this off or I'll rip it off." I didn't move, and he eventually found the tie and pulled it off me. Next thing I know, I'm naked and he's inside me. I had just had a PAP that morning at the OB/GYN. I was still sore, and I remember it hurt. I tried to put my hands on his chest and push him off but he was too heavy. I told him to stop and that it hurt but he didn't acknowledge me at all. After a minute or so of trying to turn away or get him off of me, I figured it had already happened and I felt like there was no use in fighting it now. I just laid there and turned my head to the side and waited for it to be over so I could go to sleep. I immediately tried to block it out. I told myself and my friends it was just a regular hookup. Then I started drinking more, it started with just a glass of wine a night to help fall asleep. Then the glass became two, then three, then the bottle. I started shopping and spending money like crazy. I started dating someone, but he wanted to have sex sooner than I was comfortable with. He asked why I was hesitant, and keep pushing me when I wouldn't tell him. I still have not told anyone. So finally I just gave in and had sex with him because I'd rather do that than open up and tell him the real reason. After that short relationship ended, I fell into this FWB situation with a guy from my class. He calls me, I come over, we have sex once or twice, and then he makes up something he has to go do and I leave. I like feeling like I'm still desirable, and it helps me continue to avoid emotions. I'm struggling with depression, some days are so low that I can barely get out of bed. When we go out, I am terrified of being left alone again. I follow my friends everywhere, even to the bathroom.  I hit a stressful point with school and finances and everything seemed to be crashing down and I went to my university's counseling center. A question on the screening form asked if I had been sexually assaulted, and I finally answered yes. The counselor there referred me to our school's sexual assault program, and I've been seeing a counselor there weekly. Bringing it back up after trying to repress it for months has been hard. I have flashbacks of the assault and trouble sleeping. I have to drive by his house every day on my way to school and it always triggers these feelings. I've been considering telling my closest friend, but that feels like it'll actually make it real. Talking to my counselor still lets me feel like it's separated from my actual life. I know I need to keep processing it and talking about it to cope with it, but I've really been struggling. This is more of a rant post, but if anyone has been through anything like this and has been struggling please let me know if you have any coping mechanisms. Any advice/general comments would be appreciated.
Hello. I need someone to take a look at this for me and give me an outside opinion.My husband was acting very poorly toward me for a while. He would get angry at the drop of a hat, etc. I have learned that he became verbally abusive. To be fair, I was pretty disgruntled, too. We just had our daughter, and I guess I was really tired and cranky. According to him, “he felt so unloved.”Well, we were actually having a nice talk and then we kissed. He then pulled me on top of him and penetrated me.I was afraid to say no, but I did physically resisted. He was so strong. I was afraid if I said no, he would hurt me. He did this without a condom (even though we were using them at the time), and then after we were done, he sighed “and now here comes the panic.”I tried not to think about. Maybe it was my fault.Months later, when I was alone crying, he found me and asked me what was wrong. I told him that I didn’t think he would believe me. I told him that he raped me. He asked when. I told him I didn’t want to talk about it.Him: “You need to tell me.”Me: “Why?”Him: “Because it’s hurting my self-esteem.”So I told him.He said it didn’t count as rape. His reasoning was since we were married, and we’ve had consensual sex before, it’s okay.When I insisted that’s not the case, he said that it wasn’t malicious, he was performing a loving act with his wife. He didn’t care when I told him that I didn’t feel loved.When I looked up stuff about rape (like resources for rape survivors), I told him that many resources for rape says what he did was rape.He told me he wasn’t interested in what other people have to say in it.I didn’t want to get him in trouble. I just wanted him to apologize and not do it again.I’m so hurt, and don’t know what to think. Was I raped, or am I just being unreasonable?
I am pregnant so I now have many crazy dreams. It's supposed to be talking hamburger dreams. But instead it's me being repeatedly raped. It's been a year since I have had any flash back dreams. Now they are all coming back I am scared to go to sleep. It's been 3 years since the last incident. (With abusive relationship for 2 years) How do I over come the fear of going to sleep? It ruins my whole day because then it brings me back into a deep depression. 
English is not my native language so I apologize in advance for all the mistakes that will be in there I don´t think I will have the strengh to proof read it, I´m sorry...I can´t believe it has come to this. But here I am. I´m in a foreign country in Latin America without any close friends around. I´ve been here for a little more than 2 months and 2 man have tried to rape me. The first time I tried to walk home, not more than 200 feet and he came out of nowhere . I started screaming as loud as I could. He didn´t stop. I started biting him and finally he left me laying on the ground. I tried to get up but before I could, he was back. He came from behind like before. I screamed as loud as I could, he left again. I started running until I found a security guy who brought me home to a hostfamily I met 10 hours ago. I went to the police the next day and they took picturesand I had to get undressed in front of people I didn´t know, I felt so ashamed. And blamed they me. Why did I try to walk alone? I didn´t return home. I told myself I´m stronger.2 Weeks later I was facing walking home alone again. I took the a taxi this time. He had a knive. He told me to shut up as he held it to my throat. I started crying. Begging. I told him my name, tried to make myself human. He just pressed the knove harder to my throat and told me to shut up. Then suddenly I saw lights outside the window and decided to act. I moved my arm between the knive and my throat and grabbed the steering wheel. I opend the passenger door. I didn´t see the other car. My foot got stuck in the door as it closed again. He slit my arm open trying to cut my throat. Pieces of glass rained on my face due to the impact. The car was still running, and he pushed me out of the moving car. I hit the ground. I crawled out of the street and couldn´t get up. A guy saw the accident. They called the police and the ambulance The police officer was faster. He asked me how stupid I am, and if I´m drunk. Like that would make it ok?! They got me to the hospital. My now boyfriend was waiting there. He was perfect, not asking me what happend, just sitting there and waiting with me. I wen´t home and he stayed and held me the entire night. I went to the police the next day. The officer was the same as the first time. She yelled at me. I turned around and left. I just couldn´t. I never went back.2 days ago we walked back from having dinner ( another town, I left after what happend the second time) and 3 guys jumped out of a car. One had a gun the others knives. They took all our stuff. We had 10 Dollars left between us for more than 2 days to buy food until our parents could send us money.I got an email an hour ago that I have to be there in court in january or the first guy will walk. He willl be there. I will have to look at him. Remembering what he did to me. The guy that laughed out loud, while beeing behind a one way mirror during identification!My boyfriend is at work right now, and for the first time since all that happend I broke down. I can´t stop crying. I can´t face him. But I won´t let him walk. If it takes the last bit of strengh I have left, I will be there. I will make him pay. I need advice how to survive this and still be myself, please
I found out quite recently that I was raped. I hate it, I hate myself, I hate the rapist, I hate everything some days. And I am extremely confused. I talk with my therapist still and it turns out a "trigger" for me is one of my best friends. I don't see him much (we live in different states) but even getting a snapchat or text message from him can change my day from going great to horrible. When I do see him, I feel completely unsafe and scared. I get really nervous, start sweating like crazy, usually tear up or cry and I have to distract myself. I use to equate this to wanting him back but I know now that it is my version of freaking out. I have nightmares and my mood can change in an instant. My therapist suggests that I just stop all form of communication with him (for now, not forever) because I associate him with my rape and the emotional pain I went through during that period. He is my trigger but he is also one of my best friends... How do I just "X" him from my life? even if it is a short period of time.... FYI my best friend was my boyfriend at the time of my rape. We broke up because I told him I cheated on him instead of telling him I was raped. The emotional roller-coaster of being raped and dumped that I went through is not "separated" in my mind and I hold him accountable for everything that I have been through. At least that is what my therapist tells me
Hi Reddit, [trigger warning in advance]...3.5 years ago I went home with a guy I worked with. I didn't plan on having sex with him but he was horny which in turn made me horny, and things progressed. I was having sex with him when he started saying some really uncomfortable things to me and basically having sex with me without acknowledging that I was even there (like, no eye contact, no touching except PiV contact, robotic stuff). The one thing he said to me that still really bothers me is "I wanna rock your body". That's when I asked him to stop because his lack of affection and creepy tone of voice were seriously starting to skeeve me out. He ignored that plea and it turned out that telling him to stop idk, turned him on more? After I realized that he had no plans of stopping, I tried to physically wrestle/hit/kick him so I could get out of his grip. Eventually I seriously just stopped being able to fight it and just let him hold me down until he was done. It took so fucking long and was by far the most painful experience of my life.I remember vividly that after he came from behind me he collapsed on top of me and asked in the most chilling voice in the world "did I rock your body?". Pretty fucking ruthless for someone who had at one point ignored me when I had screamed at him to please let me die. So here's the thing. I'm with a guy I REALLY like. We've been talking/intimate, and his sexual style is very rough. He turns me on so much despite/in spite of this, and everything has been going really well. Here's the thing though. I have 2 rules because of my past rape:-No means no. When I say no, I mean NO, and I mean it the first time. This applies if I'm uncomfortable with a position, a placement of your hands, where you're entering, how you're entering, if you're entering. -No surprises please. I want to know when you're going to do something. Also added in this one is PLEASE make sure I'm wet enough or you're lubricated before jamming a dry cock and/or fingers inside me. Talking dirty helps a lot with this one, oddly enough. That way I can see you're engaged with me and know what you're going to do next.The last time we had sex, my bf didn't listen when I said no as I was telling him that I had to leave and get home to help my mom set up for thanksgiving. I was being sort of flirty, but I did have to leave, and eventually he was inside of me and I absolutely flipped out after saying no over 5 times. My boyfriend and I are still working out our communicating skills with one another, and he thinks I was being misleading and that when I said no that I meant yes (granted, I was being a bit flirty). This is the 2nd time I've shut down while we're having sex. I know that my current bf is not my rapist, but I can't help feeling trapped again when I'm in a gray area of uncertainty. He thinks I should get therapy to talk about my past rape, and he's beyond willing to come to therapy with me.Soooo I have a few questions:-Rape survivors, have you had similar experiences with your SO's?-SO's of rape survivors, what is your sex advice to avoid unnecessary stress and/or flashbacks? What works for you?-Advice on my next step(s) to take?-Rape survivors, do you have any experience with therapy? Tips/tricks/hints/etc. are all greatly appreciated. TL;DR- Past rape is getting in the way of my current sexual relationship. Help!
To start things off I just started school in a different country, let behind all my family, friends and a boyfriend with whom I'm trying to keep a long distance relationship. I'm a very open and flirty person who is very secure in her sexually, if sex is power then I hold the power and bestow it on those worthy.Over the past 2 month I have made a new group of friends, all guys since I make friends with guys much easier then girls. All was going great but then a new member attached to our group, lets call him Tony. Now Tony was a known flirt/man whore/womenizer whatever you want to call him. As well as a liar, about big and small things. But I'm known as a man eater, I guess the term is. I play games with guys, tease them, etc etc. My boyfriend is the same, but either of us sleep around. It's our boundary. We respect each other enough to allow ourselves to be who we are while keeping certain physical boundaries.Needless to say we got along great, our whole relationship was based on me trying to get him to fall in love with me and him trying to get me to sleep with him. We are two fucked up people with similar personalities. I tell my boyfriend this.Two weeks of these games passed and I was winning, at one point he grabbed me and demanded, even begged me, to kiss him. I didn't, because now I was holding the power in our relationship. I liked it. I was going good in school. I got cocky. I started teasing him hard. I told my boyfriend this.One Saturday two weekends ago we threw a party in his dorm room. There was drugs, drinking and smoking. A celebration because we are all doing well in school.I know my alcohol tolerance, I know my signs of too much. That night I didn't drink enough to get as drunk as I did. I knew something was wrong. I went to the dorm washrooms and locked myself in, to give myself time to sober up.At this point the rest of my group started going to other parties. At this point I believe I'm asleep, he tells me I was awake and probably blacked it out.My next memory I'm in his bed, he undressing me, I can't move, I'm laying on my back head to the side, he's sticking his dick in mouth, it keeps falling out, he gets on top of me, I still can't move....Few pumps later, he leans right up to my ear "too drunk". Gets off. Dresses me. Covers me with a blanket. I still can't move. One of our friends comes back, Phil, they laugh at my drunkenness together, they make jokes that they could take advantage of me if they want, but Phil then says that I can trust them not to do anything, that they won't hurt me.Phil and Tony talk for awhile, I'm starting to get some motion back. Phil leaves again, Tony gets ready for bed, he told Phil he'll be a gentlemen and sleep on the couch. At this point I finally regain motion.Im up and out the door before he can finish saying my name, I tell him he can't get away with this. I run downstairs to the study room, lock myself in. I get hysterical. I can't stop crying. The texts start coming in, from him, from Phil. I ignore Tony, I only speak to Phil. I tell him what happened. I'm not being rational. I can't pull myself together. I take my chance I get the fuck out of the dorm. I walk back home to my apartment. I'm trying to keep myself in once piece but its too hard. It's now 1am.I get home. I cry myself to sleep. Tony wake me up with a text, asking to come over and talk about things. I say OK. It's now 6am. He comes over to my apartment, he tells me I wanted it. He found me and tried to help me back to his room. Apparently I started kissing him, apparently I started touching him and myself. It doesn't sound like things I do to initiate sex. He tells me he was just doing what I wanted him to do.But I have told him over and over again that I would never sleep with him. I respect my boyfriend too much to cheat. I respect myself too much to sleep with a guy that will throw me aside after hes done. I've told him these things, he knows these things.He leaves because I am silent. He leaves because I don't want to speak to him anymore.He tells everyone else. They want to hear both sides, they all come to me. It's now 12. Derek says its just me not wanting to take responsibility, tells me to apologize for being a drama queen. Phil is trying to be neutral. I can't read Adam. I spend Sunday and most of Monday trying to figure myself out, figure out what happened. I ask Tony to talk with me again. I apologize for being irrational. I tell him now I felt, why I reacted the way I did. I tell him I believe to see the good in him, that maybe he is telling the truth. We hug, we will try and move on front this. I ask him if he wants to be friends again or just on speaking terms so that its not awkward for the rest. He says friends. Ok, I will try.One week of awkwardness, we can't really look at each other, we can't really speak well to one another. But I'm trying to be his friend again. At this point I start to notice that the 4 of them start to hang out with out me. I start to get depressed. Use the weekend to pull myself together. Trying to start Monday afresh.It's Monday now and I'm alone. He spoke of them quietly as we left class. We were supposed to go study together. They made up lame excuses as to why they will meet me later. It's been 1.5 hours. I'm alone. I haven't told my boyfriend this.
I think i may have surppressed memories. I looked up the signs and saw myself in most of them and my older sister in even more. When we were bad as kids our dad would spank us. He would also make us put lotion on his back and rub it for hours. Both my sister and i have had horrible body image but we went in different directions with it. She wears baggy, guy clothes and for a while i tried to wear the most exposing clothes possible.Throughout my childhood i was very sexually intrgigued. I experimented with several friends and made sexual scenarios with my toys. When I was in just 1st grade i wanted to kiss boys and for them to see my body. It seemed the ultimate goal in life. This may have been brought about by a close guy friend of mine telling me to kiss him or he wouldnt be my friend anymore. But I was experiementing long before then.Last year i lived with my dad alone. I had moved because I had begun to ne blackmailed online and sexually exploited. The online abuser knew my full name and where i lived so i moved before telling anyone. But while living with my dad i got extremely creepy vibes from him. He would stare at me for uncomfortable periods of time. He would sit next to me on the couch and take off my socks or touch my thigh. After i came out about being,blackmailed for 6 months, i also explained to my father that the word "daddy" was an extreme trigger and that i did not like being touched by him. My dad continued to say the word and touch me. Every time i would call him out on it he would say "that guy didnt even touch you" and various other things out of anger. He continuously minimized what i was experiencing. It didnt help that he has a drinking problem.I don't want to look for more problems than there are. But i have this nagging feeling that my dad did something to my sister and I. All the results are there, especially for my sister. Is there something i don't remember? I have this huge feeling that there is that i just cant shake,Edit: He also would comment on,how i look only if i was wearing something a little more revealing. He wouldnt say "youre beautiful" but hed say "you look really nice in that outfit" and hed stare all the time. He constantly embarassed me for my PTSD like episodes, publically too. Edit 2: One night after sleeping in my parents bed i woke up with no shirt on
When I was younger I was molested by my older brother(Brad, 4 years older than me) and my older cousin(Matt). While I only remember being molested by Matt a few times, I was molested by Brad for years.When I turned 10, Matt moved to australia so I haven't had to deal with him throughout the years. I have constantly been around Brad, but somehow I have been able to get over it.I also think I repressed many of the memories of both Matt and Brad for until I was about 17 or 18.A few months ago I found out that Matt had also hurt Brad. I don't know for how long or the extent, but only that it happened. My other brother, a few years older than Brad, told me about it.It has made it alot easier to release the anger I have toward Brad. I believe that he was a victim and then did the same to me because he was so confused and hurt.Over this past weekend when I was a little drunk, I told my mom about Matt. She already knew about Brad, and was so hurt to learn it had happened to two of her children. I convinced her to not say anything for the sake of keeping the family together. Matts mom and my mom have had problems over the years and I didn't want to ruin any progress they have made.The point of this post is, I want to talk to my boyfriend of 2 years about this. I have been having a hard time ever since I found out that Matt hurt both Brad and me.I'm scared that my boyfriend will have a hard time hearing about this, but more importantly I am scared that he will say something or act differently to Matt or Brad.How do I tell him? If it were just childhood molestation, I think he would be okay, but if he has to face my family and my brother I don't know for sure how he will act.I have thought about just telling about Matt, but then I would still have secrets.What do I do?tl;dr: I was molested by my cousin and brother, and now I am nervous to tell my boyfriend because I am worried he will not be able to control himself around them.
I went out with a few friends to our favorite bar. I had two drinks and then one friend left. I was socializing and we were talking about fire ball and one guy offered to get me and his friend a shot. Then 2 more. Within mins everything was black and I woke up on someone’s couch covered in urine but fully dressed. I thought I was safe.From further investigation, I was so wrong. A week later I found out a guy left with me then dropped me off in the front of the bar a few hours later. Completely disoriented. “Drunker” then anyone there had ever seen me. Someone gave me a description and I never remembered a guy who fit that description.I knew he raped me, I was on my period and the next Day my tampon had been pushed up. I was hoping it was something else but it wasn’t. 
I (M, 29) am married to a very wonderful woman (26), and we are having a little trouble right now in our marriage. We've been married about 2 years, and together for 5.Her background is she was molested pretty extensively and unchecked for years when she was a little girl by her step dad. She never knew her real father, and never got much love from her mother (this comes in later). I don't know all the gritty details, because she will not open up to me, and i get it, it's very painful for her to bring it up, so i try not to push her. After someone finally took her seriously enough to do something about it, he went to jail, she went to live with her grandfather, and her mother chose him over her. She ignored it, and allowed the whole thing to happen, she's just as guilty, and it's possible she knew and didn't care, because she's always taken the stance that my wife ruined her life, just by being born. Either way you get the picture, but also of note is even though she hates her mom, but she still looks for the affection she never got from her, and still never gets it.After she left home to live with her grandfather, she went through a phase of extreme delinquency. This was clearly caused by the trauma, she did drugs, had lots of sex with older men, and eventually took up with women. She got over all this eventually and settled into a more normal life, especially after she met me, I'm a very straight and narrow kinda guy. We've been fairly happily married, and we know have a 1 yo son.Anyhow, now to the meat of the matter. Ever since the birth of our son she has been having sexual problems, mostly hang-ups with doing certain things which she used to do most of the time anyways. I was being way too selfish and pressed her, and found out it's all related to her trauma. I mean you say to yourself, "well duh" but like i said she never opened up about it, and hasn't really had the problems before, and its only certain things, but not sex in general.So here's where i need help, advice or encouragement. I understand that my wife has been through a lot, and i don't want to cause her undue hardship. I have tried to compromise, figure out what she will and won't do, but she has taken the stance that aside from missionary vaginal sex, if i want anything else, i should find somebody else.She thinks she's doing a good thing by giving me "a free pass" but she neglects the fact that i don't want anyone else. Besides i'm no fool, it would only hurt our relationship more. So what should i do, should i continue to try and compromise with her? Should i stop being selfish and just drop it? Does anyone have any advice about how i can be more supportive and constructive with my wife as she deals with her problems? Should i murder her step father?
She was raped on Saturday night, and went to the hospital the next morning  and got treated. I was worried our sex lives would never recover but my girlfriend is taking it pretty well, and we sort of jumped right back in! How long is it recommended to wait for sex (with condoms) after all this? She has a check up in a couple weeks.
When I was a junior in college, I had a long term gf of 6 years that was living back home over 500miles away. I was feeling depressed and missing my family, so I decided to go to a Halloween party with my college friends. I was the DD, so I hadn't had anything other than a Coke that night. Half way into the party, I remember seeing her (I'll refer to her as Jess) playing beer pong in the backyard while my friends egged her on. I knew her from school, but most of us had the same majors so it wasn't uncommon to see our circles be similar. We all hung out for the rest of the night, and as the party died down and around 2am, I started rounding everyone up and headed towards the car. Jess couldn't find her male friend that had dropped her off, so she asked if she could squeeze in the back of my car and get added to the list. I agreed. The entire ride, I could hear her making crude jokes and on several occasions, she tried to fondle people in the back, male and female. She ended up being the last person I had to drop off, so she jumped into the front seat and proceeded to offer me oral sex the entire trip to her place. I refused her more times than I can count, even growing frustrated at the constant reminding that I had a gf that I was 100% committed to. Once at her place, her keys were conveniently misplaced, and she couldn't get into her place. She asked me if she could sleep in my apartment and she'd have a girlfriend pick her up in the morning. I asked her if she could stay with a friend instead, and she got annoyed and told me they were probably "getting laid". I was left in a bind, so I reluctantly let her sleep on my couch. As soon as I got home, I sent my gf a text letting her know the situation,to which she wasn't happy about, but agreed that it was probably the safest choice for her. I offered her some water to help her sober up and that's when it happened. She started approaching me and offered oral sex one more time. Before she even finished her sentence, she was over me and started saying some things I'm not comfortable repeating. My body started shaking in anger, but I couldn't do anything to stop her. I remember thinking halfway about how fucked I would be if she decided to flip the script on me and that made me go full petrified. Luckily, I wasn't able to maintain an election long enough after that to orgasm. She looked at me, annoyed, and called me a bitch. I remember immediately showering with scalding hot water, hoping to get her stench off of me. I was so afraid she had infected me with an STD that I couldn't stop scrubbing myself. I didn't sleep, morning came and she was gone before I could see her. Later on, she pretended that it was mutual. I confronted her about how she went against my refusal, only to have the "you've got 100 pounds on me, big boy" used against me for the first time. I confessed what had happened to my girlfriend about a week later, in fear that someone would have reached out to her through Facebook to let her know what the rumors were. I wasn't ready to talk, but I wanted her to hear it from me. She was crushed. She pretended to care at first, but she ended up blaming me as well. I was a big guy with some martial arts training, how could a woman subdue me? She continued to make passive aggressive remarks about me cheating on her for the next 6 months. In December, she told me the relationship felt "tainted" because she couldn't get over the fact that I had "slept with someone else". She broke up with me and I lost it. I failed the subsequent two quarters and lost my financial aid. The school won't let me rejoin because I can't pay the fees. I can't transfer because I had too many units. I tried appealing it, but my story wasn't strong enough. I missed this window of awareness by a year, and now I feel I lost it all. I can't tell my family, I can't tell my friends. My ex-girlfriend thinks I lied to get away with cheating on her. The times I confessed my story online, I was labelled either a bitch for not restraining a drunk woman or a rapist that took advantage of the fact that my rapist was drunk. I don't even think Jess knows the damage she's cause me. I'm sharing this, but 2 years later, I see my life in pieces. We had planned to start trying for our first kid around this time. That pain makes me feel like it's not worth living anymore.
It all started Saturday, I got a message saying 'Hi, this is ex's new sex slave. What are you up to hunnybun?' 'I saw your picture and you are SEXYYYYY!!!!'I replied saying I didn't know who the person was and to leave me alone.On Sunday she texted me a kissy face and laugh/cry emojis. I googled her number and found her facebook... She is a elementary school teacher! I texted her back asking what kind of teacher texts her boyfriend's ex. I then called her in tears begging to be left alone because I didn't want to ever think about ex again, after how he treated me and all the things he forced me to do. He would tell me I was a whore and how no man would ever want me after him. I was 15 when it started, we had been dating a couple months, he told me if I loved him I had to have sex, and I cried the whole time it happened. I had some hangups over being a virgin, I wanted to save myself for marriage. I'm not religious or anything. Anyway I'm over that now. Anyway after I called her I texted saying the only reason he would have given her my number was to hurt me. I said I was blocking her and asked her to leave me alone. The last time ex contacted me was in October, he tried to gaslight me telling me I had seen him that day and that we had gotten back together, his mom also texted me saying how nice it was to see me. I thought I was having a mental break, I was in 'city we are both from' for the weekend to see friends. Luckily I was still with my friends and they confirmed I was with them the whole time. (I have sever memory loss, and I go to a doctor for it, I sometimes forget what I did days/hours before hand, or things I have just been told, it is a genetic thing, my father has it as well. He then texted me how he hated me and he was just playing mind games. Later in October he sent me a long message about how we were meant to be together, and made a puzzle in the message for me to solve. (I love puzzles). I told him I wasn't doing his puzzle, told him to leave me alone and blocked him on that website as well. I already had him blocked on facebook, phone, email and (I thought) every site I use. She then started messaging me on facebook.She told me ex had nothing to do with her contacting me and that she went through his phone for my number. I unblocked ex at this time and told him to tell his girlfriend to stop contacting me. He replied that she was his WIFE and that they are married. He said she thought I was cool and wanted to get to know me. I point out that this is the guy who raped me as a teenager. He says that she came up with my info on her own. I asked her when they got married and she said last week and that they had been together under a month. It was love at first sight. She sent a picture of them together, I guess to show she is real.I told her no offence but I never wanted to be contacted again. She said 'You told me.'I asked to be left alone again.Then she asked if I would consider having a threesome with them. I said I never wanted to see or touch him again and for her to please leave me alone. I told her what he had messaged me in the last month. She told me he was missin my lovin because I was his first.I told her I didn't want a threesome with the man who raped me. RAPED in all caps and she asked why I was yelling. I told her because she was asking for me to let the man who sexually abused me as a teen to touch me. The she told me 'You know you liked it.'I can't get it out of my head. I did not like it I hated it. I HATED IT. I didn't think I could leave. I stayed for four years and was blackmailed up until I was 20 to perform sexual favors in exchange for him not telling my parents some of the stuff I had done (multiple people, having sex, etc.) Finally I told him I didn't care I would rather have my parents disown me then have to stay under his thumb. He cheated on me multiple times with both men and woman and would force me to service him in every way possible. I was his unwilling sex slave. I had to do everything he wanted. I can't deal with it. I didn't want it. I just need to talk I guess. I did not want to be raped. And no I can not go to the cops. Then I would have to tell my parents. I currently am in a healthy relationship with a lovely man. I do not think about ex often. But this brings back all the feelings I worked to get over.    **tl;dr**: My rapist's wife is contacting me telling me I wanted it.
I woke up a year ago with my underwear off and the taste of him in my mouth. I live a few houses away. He had definitely had sex with me. I was blacked out. I knew that I probably initiated because I have hypersexuality from biplolar disorder and i make mistakes. But this didnt feel like a mistake. I felt violated because he wasn't drunk. And I went home, threw up from terror, and for a year have been dealing with so many mental health issues. I've since given up alcohol.I facebook messaged him today, we had set aside a time, because I thought he was coming home for the holidays. He said I was so drunk that I forced myself on him and told him I wasnt attractive to him, that I liked it rough, and I said he should get a boner. He said he fingered me even though he didn't want to and he felt uncomfortable. He said because he felt uncomfortable and I said I didn't want to leave that he let it keep going. He said he has also dealt with repercussions but has since kept on with his life and is doing fine.I haven't been doing fine...and now I believe that I raped him. I apologized profusely and we messaged for about an hour about what to do. He kept asking if he could do anything for me and he would never rape anyone. I said I wish he could have gotten me home because he was so much bigger than me. He said he didn't want to call my parents or get anyone else involved. As someone who survived a previous sexual assault, I understand these feelings and I don't invalidate them.I went a year feeling raped. Now I realize that even though I was blacked out, I think I raped him. Someone please help me. What have I done. I am a monster. I would have never done this sober or even drunk. I had never been that drunk in my life. This is the worst moment of my entire life. I feel like I shouldn't be here. I can't believe this. I don't deserve sympathy or empathy. But I'm still feeling violated. But he does too.
My boyfriend and I have been together for over a year now, and it is honestly the best relationship I have ever been in. He's sweet, caring, charming and awesome, but I have one issue that i'm not quite sure whether I should address or not.My boyfriend is a very horny guy, and I am a very horny girl, so usually everything is fine. But whenever he's in the mood and tries to initiate sex, no matter how i'm feeling, I oblige. I fake enthusiasm so that I don't disappoint him. I've turned him down a few times in the past and I'd like to make a point that he has never once been extremely upset with me for turning him down, but sometimes he gets a little mopey or keeps kissing my neck and doing small things like that to try to put me in the mood. He apologizes for doing it but it's something he continues to do after i've said no.For example, I had bronchitis for about 2 weeks. During the first week he was respectful and came over to take care of me and make sure I was doing ok. But by the second week (when I was feeling my absolute worst too), he tried to initiate sex a couple times and I caved in once. It honestly was not fun since I had non stop coughing fits that made my ribs and lungs ache. I don't know what i'm getting at here but thinking about this bothers me.I enjoy rougher sex, but there are some points when we are having sex that kind of scare me (usually not to the point where I think it's worthy of telling him to stop).I've been sexually assaulted 6 times in my past, and was in an abusive relationship for a year where I was basically used solely for sex. All of my sexual assaults happened under the influence of alcohol at high school parties, and I didn't really tell anyone about them. I told my boyfriend about them and he was very sympathetic about my experiences, but I don't bring them up often so I think he forgets. I think these factors may play in to why I behave the way I do. I hate disappointing people and used to (and still sort of do) have extremely low self esteem. I love sex and I love having sex with him and I think I convince myself that it'll be fun, so even if i'm feeling like shit i'll still do it.I honestly don't know what i'm trying to get out of posting this. I guess i'm wondering if I should tell him these things, or should I just start standing up for myself the next time he initiates and i'm not in the mood.tl;dr: My boyfriend is very horny and usually I am too, but when he initiates sex when he's in the mood and i'm not I have sex with him anyways.
Weirdly enough, this arose from someone other than me using my netflix account. He is the only person I can think of who has it. Strangely, that gave me the courage and purpose to message him. I won't talk to him in person or on the phone, it's too soon. The assault happened almost a year ago. The anniversary is coming up, and things are falling apart then coming together then coming apart again. He lives on my street and is probably or will probably be home for the upcoming holidays. Now is the time. I have something written out to send. Has anyone contacted or confronted their ... assailant ... ? What should I expect? How should I prepare myself? 
I am wondering how other people coped after realizing that their rapist would never face justice for what (s)he did. I had been considering several options to potentially get justice for myself and to help possible future victims of his, but I was recently told that my chances are slim to none of anything happening and after taking an inventory of my mental health, I decided that I would destroy myself if I tried to press criminal charges. So he got away with it.I had been doing okay in the months leading up to this. Having to recount my story a few times to law enforcement/victims services people caused my PTSD to worsen, but realizing that there's absolutely nothing I can do to protect others from him or fight for myself has caused even more of a backslide. I'm back to knocking myself out with sleeping meds on the weekend, drinking, cutting myself. Things I hadn't resorted to in months. Now I just feel so absolutely worthless that someone can do something so violent and disgusting to me, and nothing will happen. How do you deal with that realization?
my husband and I have a pretty typical marriage I would say. Some minor finance problems but no history of infidelity or trust issues (outside of some spending issues), one 3 year old. We generally have sex every week or week and a half and have a pretty great sex life and we talk frequently about how the sex is great. Recently we have had a job change and added bit of seasonal stress and some extended family stressors and Friday I had a pretty stressful day and had a tension headache and was planning to head to see family I hadn't seen in a long time Saturday morning. He wanted sex which I nicely denied and promised to make up to him upon my return. He jokingly said "don't be mad if you wake up with a crusty face" I grunted because I was half asleep and fell to sleep. Never did I initiate or consent to sex.I woke up shortly after because I felt him get back into bed, assuming he went to the bathroom to jerk of (I don't really care) and rolled over.... And put my hand straight into jizz and caught a whiff of the very distinct smell as the blankets settled. I laid there for a few moments assessing what to do. I got up. Went to the laundry room and pulled a fresh shirt out of the dryer (the back of mine was covered in cum). And went and laid down with my daughter. Couldn't sleep so I showered and laid back down. I have a history of sexual abuse as a child but have always done pretty well with it. But this set me off. I couldn't sleep. I had flashbacks all night.I did finally fall asleep and he came into wake us up so we could leave at 7. And the first thing he says to me "sorry I jizzed on you" almost jokingly, like he forgot take the trash out. I just replied groggily "uh huh" so he leaves he house and later I do too.On my way out of town I text him "got some extra cash out of the stash and I am heading down the highway headed to my families. Just so you are aware what happened last night can never EVER happen again. I will explain later but it was extremely damaging to me." He didn't reply but I wanted him to understand it wasn't ok, that I'd address it later and before I got gone for the weekend.Upon coming home and having very short conversation over the weekend I come home to a dirtier house, Unwashed sheets and he's acting happy to see us. As I'm washing dishes I ask "did you wash the sheets?" He says "no?... Was I supposed to?..."  Eew. "Uh, yes." So he gets up and washes them. This all seals the deal and confirms I want nothing to do with sleeping with him and the thought of it gives me anxiety and makes me feel so insecure. So I move my pillows to my daughters bedroom and he's suddenly much quieter.I need help with knowing if this was abuse. My previous abuse was a consent and forcing issue. And also how I should handle this? Am I overreactingTldr: my husband jizzed on my back after not having sex after a week and a half and I don't know how to react.
Several months prior to my meeting her and our relationship, my girlfriend was sexually assaulted. She is still in the process of coming to terms with what happened, but she had regained a lot of confidence and love for herself before we met, and our sex life started out in a very positive and mutually caring way. I had noticed that there were some things that, during sex, would bring her out of the moment and, e.g., she would move my hand away from a part of her body. I didn't think much of it at the time. After a couple of months of dating, she opened up to me about the assault. This included letting me read a (largely non-explicit) account of the assault that she had written for anonymous publication. Since then, I have had difficulty staying fully present in the moment when having sex with her, leading to problems with maintaining an erection and achieving orgasm. I know that she wonders what the problem is, but I don't know how to tell her that it's because during sex I have intrusive thoughts about the assault. I don't want her to feel like she did something wrong by telling me, and I want to be able to deal with this together. The problem I have is that I don't know how to talk to her about it. I have never dated someone who experienced an assault, and I'm really scared of doing something wrong and reopening wounds for her - or creating new ones. If there is any advice that this community has to offer, I would really appreciate it. I want to have a mutually loving and satisfying sex life with her, but I don't know how to approach this problem appropriately. 
So, I [26F] been going no-contact with my father, let's call him Earl, for nearly two years. All the family knows he was emotionally abusive to me and my Mom, and everyone on my mom's side of the family was glad when she divorced him.But now my father's family (especially my half-brother [32M] and half-sister [36F]) are insisting I should get back in touch with him, because "doing such a thing to a father [that is, ignoring him for years] is very cruel". My *official* reason for going no-contact is his emotionally abusive behaviour, but there's actually something else that I've never told anybody.There were many times during my childhood and teenage years when he'd act *really* strange. However, I never told anybody the things he did because I don't know if they're as wrong and disgusting as they feel to me, or if I'm over-reacting. So what do you guys think?* He'd slap my buttocks all the time when I was a child. Even though this is rather common to a certain extent in my country (between parents and small kids), he'd insist on doing it even though I made myself clear lots of times that I didn't like it. He'd always promise me he'd stop but he'd ALWAYS do it again and again. One day, when I was about 5, I was getting ready to take a shower and I was at that age when a child is not yet ashamed of being naked around parents. When I got naked, he slapped me hard again. I ran to the shower and cried. He did nothing, my mother was the one who calmed me down. I never got naked in front of him again.* Once when I was older, about 10, after some joke on TV, he grabbed me against my will, put me on his lap and slapped my buttocks repeatedly. I tried to get away but he held me down. When I broke free, I was humiliated and crying, but he dismissed it as me being overly-sensitive.* I used to sleep in nightdresses. As I slept, the nightdresses would usually roll up to my chest, exposing my panties and breasts. He had the habit of waking up at night and raising the sheets I was covered in. His excuse was that he was "untangling" the sheets to make me comfortable. But I hated being exposed to him like that. One day he even casually commented that he'd untangle my sheets at night and I would always be semi-naked. He laughed. I started wrapping myself really thight around the sheets.* There was a time our bathroom lock broke, so we all had a deal that, if the door was closed, that meant someone was inside, and we should not try to open it. Well, he'd ALWAYS open the door to me peeing, and even when I complained ("HEY! CLOSE THE DOOR!") he'd take several moments to do so. He'd just stand there looking.* Our shower had a small respiration window on the top of the wall. He'd pass by constantly while I bathed. He was tall, so he could actually look. One day I tried hiding in the corner of the shower, and to my surprise, he actually got angry: "Why are you hiding?! I'm not peeking at you, you think I'm peeking at you? I'm not!". Which is illogical in itself because, if he managed to see me hiding, he was actually peeking at me.* Up to my 6 years of age, whenever he'd take a nap in the afternoon, he'd take me with him to his bed. Even though I was never sleepy, even though I wanted to just stay in my bedroom playing, he'd take me. He never did a thing, but laying in bed with him and feeling his breath and his smell was disgusting to me, even at such young age. One day I just waited for him to fall asleep and sneaked out of the bedroom. When he woke up and found out, he got MAD.* When I was 8 or 9 years old, I had water warts (molluscum contagiosum) on the groin area. One day he decided he wanted to see it. I moved my panties to the side a little, well enough for anyone to see the warts but no more than my groin area. But he insisted I take my panties off completely. I refused. I tried explaining that I was embarrassed, but he got super mad and said I shouldn't be embarrassed of my own father. I still refused. He got even madder and eventually gave up. I was so relieved.* Even though my breasts were always very small and would barely show through any shirt, he'd ALWAYS make a remark when I was not wearing a bra.* He would sometimes make sexual jokes even when I was too young to understand. Also, he always had a very agressive vocabulary. He'd mention raping and sexual violence multiple times during conversations that would otherwise not relate to the subject. Example: one day the family was talking about the failure of the education system in my country, and the way teachers struggled on their jobs. He said "One day, students will rape a teacher in class and their classmates will cheer on them!". He said it repeatedly. It made me disgusted.* When I was 21, I had a surgery on my left breast to remove a fibroadenoma. My mother had to change the dressing/gauze (sorry, can't remember the correct word, not a native speaker) every night. We'd do it in my parents bedroom (the bed was larger) before my father came home from work. But many times he'd arrive EXACTLY when she was doing it. She had talked to him before about it. "If you get home and the bedroom door is closed, that's because I'm dressing her surgery wound". STILL, he'd ALWAYS try to violently open the door, and ironically enough, would get pissed when noticing the door was locked. He'd say "WHY DID YOU LOCK THE DOOR? DO YOU THINK I WANT TO SEE HER NAKED?!!" Well, if we didn't lock it, he'd manage to open it, as he was always trying, duh.As I said, I never told anybody all this stuff because I have no idea if his behaviour was abnormal or if I have always been oversensitive. All I know is that I had to endure many, many years of my life with him and now that I'm free I want nothing to do with him. Should I tell my family about my true reasons? I wonder if they'll take me seriously? I wonder if *anything* at all that I just wrote is abnormal enough to be taken seriously? Please help.**tl;dr**: Been no-contact with father for about 2 years; family wants me to get back in touch. His weird behaviour during my childhood and teenage years makes me want nothing to do with him but I never told anybody about it. Should I tell family about my real reasons? Do you guys think what he did is abnormal?Thank you.
I remember the situation when I think about it, but I have blocked it in my brain for so long. I had a neighbor that seemed friendly. I remember his name, I remember him making a fist in anger if I didn't continue. I mean I've always listen to authorative figures because they just seem to know what's right for me. I am shaking and crying right now and I don't know why. I mean I've shrugged it off because it's not a big deal, I mean come on. He was only 12 at the time when I was 7 or 8. I mean he was my friend, we ate ants off the sidewalk because that's what neighbor friends do. I mean I mean that my mom walked into my room because my door was closed or something and caught the act. I remember private detectives and hiding in my couches corner. I know his name and I don't know if I make resemblances with other people with his name. I'm 19 now about to turn 20 in 4 days. I remember video games soon after that. I'm so lost. I remember certain things I think. I'm scared of myself mostly. I can't be more scared of myself right now. I wish I had people. Part of my body feels numb right now, specifically on my ear. I remember going into trial because he "did" it to another person, being female this time. But, hey my case got dismissed so I should feel better right. I should not talk about it because I think I've had a normal life. I mean I've only been to the inpatient a couple times. But they say I'm normal. I'm losing my mind. I don't know what to do. What do I do, do do I just accept or just keep trying cause I don't know what trying is at this point. Something is happening in my mind right now. I hate the reality that I have to hear the ever so often phrase from my male friends, specifically online when they say a variation of "go suck a dick" followed by laughter. They don't say it because they know I got something done to me. I mean I have to control it some how. I have to use any power I have left to control it. I just don't know.
I had gone to a concert folk rock/60's in a rural park with some male and female friends. i was not one of the hotter girls in the group. All of us took mushrooms and smoked a lot of pot. I did not like like alcohol at the time, so I drank water all day. One of the guys I kind of liked...he was very handsome and funny, but never paid much attention to me. Until he started telling me funny x-rated jokes. I laughed since I was tripping hard. Brandon said, 'let's take a walk'. We went into the woods. Next thing I know this hot guy was kissing me...I was shocked and we had consensual sex right then.We went back to the party and smoked more pot and chilled. Everyone was dancing..wanna be flower children grunge of the 90's. My friend Kelsey was hooking up with another guy and it was time to go home. She told me to drive her van, since I had not been drinking and take everyone back to her place. I don't know where the other girls were.Me..and 5 drunk, high men. But, they were my friends! One of them liked me, what could go wrong? I climbed in to drive, but i was pulled by my arms to the back. I thought he was goofing around, but started to creep. one of the guys, John started driving. It was dark now.Joe, a really weird one said 'I hear you like fucking & dirty jokes' Brandon was sitting in front of me blocking me. Joe pulled his penis out and said 'You are going to suck every cock here.' I said NO and started to cry. My hair was pulled and Brandon started laughing. Joe says 'Shut up and do it, stop saying no, stop crying, stop resisting, or we will ream your ass out hard.' One guy in the front was passed out. They were all so drunk and laughing, as tears ran down my face silently. As they switched places in the van to sodomize me in the back.They slowed down and I jumped out of the van in front of my house. I tried to stop crying and not wake my parents. I was so stupid to try to drive my drunk friends home. I rinsed my mouth with bleach and listerine. I knew not to tell . No one would believe me.Two of them did end up apologizing in a couple of days, one tearfully. Brandon never did and neither did Joe, the one who threatened me. I don't let almost any men drive anymore. I will not sit in the back of a van. I don't laugh too much at dirty jokes, even if funny. I only told 2 girls what happened, both of whom knew that these guys could 'be rough'. I have had an awful time with relationships and men.1995-2015, and still tears and shakes...I try not to think about this obviously.
I (Female - am now 22) dated my highschool sweetheart (Male - is now 25) for 4 years before breaking up the summer after my freshman year of college. I was 18 or 19 when we broke up. Looking back I know we weren't in a healthy relationship. Emotional abuse and just stupid immature incompatible idiots trying to force it to work. This wasn't our first breakup, and I had learned that with time it hurt less and less. This time it had been two months, and I was starting to feel good again. Occasionally after work I would go to the only 18+ club in my town to go dancing with friends, which is also where my ex frequented.One night I decided to go by myself even though my friend had bailed on me. I drank a tall boy twisted tea in the car before going in because they obviously wouldn't serve me, and I didn't have my 21 year old ex to buy me drinks anymore. Feeling pretty buzzed from the twisted tea I danced for a while until one of my exs friends showed up and bought me a drink. I didn't really question him, as we were friendly and I thought he was pitying me being underage. It was a pretty strong drink so at this point I was drunk enough to accept a drink from my ex when he showed up, and acted like he still wanted me.Things get spotty from here on out - I think I had one more drink or a shot but don't remember as I was pretty damn drunk. Drunk enough to need some assistance walking out of the club, and said yes to going to my exs friends house to hang out. I remember walking to my vehicle and him saying he would drive as I was clearly too drunk. However he had also had too much to drink. I let him drive, even though drunk driving was something I was extremely against as he had already gotten a DUI (but his parents hired expensive lawyers to bring it down to something less serious). I gave him road head on the drive there - something I would never ever do, especially to an ex who I was doing well about getting over. I include these details because I want to give you an idea about how drunk I was.When we arrived his friend and his friends girlfriend were there and I assume we hung out or something, I have no memory of it. Next thing I remember is his friend bringing out a bag of some drug. I have no memory of saying yes to taking the drug, no idea what drug it was, and don't remember taking the drug. I had never done any drug beside alcohol and marijuana before, and would have said no fucking way had I been sober. I am told I said yes when offered. I am told I 'parachuted' the drug, which I don't remember. My ex said no to the drug, and his friend and friends girlfriend both took the drug as well.I don't remember how but we got upstairs into friends bedroom and were all sitting on his bed and couch listening to music. More stuff I cant remember happened before I guess the drug kicked in and I started freaking out. It was due to the large amount of alcohol in my system mixing with the drug I think. From here on out I was clenching and grinding my teeth, breathing in and out really quickly, clenching and gripping my hands, could not keep my eyes focused on one thing, and overall freaking out for the rest of the night. My ex told me that before I started freaking out that somebody was doing some sort of sexual thing to me and he videotaped it. I still to this day have no idea what happened, or who did it. I think it was during this that I started to freak out, as this has happened twice since this occurrence. (mentioned later).Next part I remember was being back downstairs on some couches with everybody surrounding me trying to console me. Friends girlfriend braided my hair as I had started ripping it out of my head uncontrollably. She gave me gum to try and help me with the jaw clenching and teeth grinding. They were trying to get me to drink water. Everybody seemed concerned. I think exs friend asked ex if they should take me to a hospital. Ex said I was going to be fine and I just had to wait it out.Next thing I remember was crying, wanting to hug my ex but being unable to as I couldn't control my hands and would pinch and claw at his skin when I got my arms around him. I remember hearing his friend say that I seemed genuinely sorry - for what I don't know.Next I remember was brief flashes of my ex having sex with me. I dont remember it starting or it ending. I dont remember consenting or even wanting to do it.Next I remember sitting on the couch, still clenching and grinding my teeth, unable to control my hands, doing my best to stay quiet as my ex had fallen asleep and had told me he had to work early the next morning. I stayed that way for a while until I had to pee again and tried to make my way to the bathroom.Next I remember laying out on the wood floors moving my arms and legs around feeling the floor, being unable to control all of my body movements and being scared and alone.Next thing I remember was getting back to the couch and sitting there trying to control my body until a few hours passed and my ex got up to go to work. By then my body was mostly under control and I only felt empty and emotionless. He drove me back to my house and took my vehicle to his work.I laid in bed for a few hours feeling less and less like a human while the pain of my clenching and hair pulling and teeth grinding faded in. He left work early and came and picked me up and cuddled with me for the rest of the day. He seemed genuinely upset about what had happened and did his best to console me.I never told anybody the full details, as I blamed myself for drinking and accepting a drink from his friend. I felt hollow for a few days but eventually started feeling like an altered version of myself. I remember wishing that I could go back to feeling like I used to. I guess I just got used to the new feeling.**1 Year Later:**I started having flashbacks multiple times a day, often in the shower. I dealt with flashbacks and what felt like nightmares while I was awake of the events a couple times a day for a few months. Then one night I got brownout drunk (remembering only spots of things) and was in middle of having sex when I think I started to panic. I only remember a piece or two and that one of my roomates looked concerned the next morning.The flashbacks continued as usual - a few times a weekIt happened again one night when I got about that drunk and started panicking and locked him out of our room when he went to brush his teeth. I hid in the closet under a pile of shoes and clothes and screamed and cried in terror as he broke the door open to get to me. He wasn't violent, just trying to get to his girlfriend who was losing her shit and had just locked him out of the room. The next part I remember is him being on the couch with a pillow like he was going to sleep there and looking upset. I was across the room still freaking out and crying and I remember looking at him and feeling how I usually do when I see a spider. Scared to death, watching it like it is going to come get me. Too afraid to get close, quickly getting more and more panicked. I remember slowly inching closer and closer to him as I calmed down until I relaxed and brought him up to bed to go to sleep.A couple months after this we broke up for good. I kicked him out and stopped all contact. The flashbacks started to slow down for a while and tapered off to nothing.**2 Years Later:**It happened again when I got almost as drunk while hanging out with new friends. We were walking home from the bar when I felt it coming on and ran the mile home leaving my friends in the dust and sat in their hallway doing my best to control my breathing and chugging water until I felt better.I had a few flashbacks for the first time in a while those couple of weeks, and then it stopped again.**3 Years Later:**It happened again when I got very very very drunk with my new (one bazillion times better) boyfriend in which I have a burst of memory of me crying my eyes out about not knowing what happened that night, and my boyfriend trying to console me and tell me that he loved me and that everything was okay.However recently something new has been happening.The flashbacks have stopped, and in its place, the word rape pops into my head whenever I see anything even slightly sexual or related to sex. I don't get horny very often anymore. Its all replaced by the word rape that pops into my head. Girl in a bikini - rape. A man and woman standing next to eachother - rape. underwear - rape. a baby - rape. Upwards of 20 times a day. I feel slightly numb. Nothing has changed, and yet this new thing that I can't figure out has been coming up constantly for the past few weeks. It isn't getting better, and nothing is different, nothing I noticed triggered it, and I just want it to stop. Its affecting my sex life with my boyfriend who is an absolute dream and is understanding of my past and my situation.What is this? How do I stop it? Why is it coming up now? How do I cope with not knowing what happened? How do I get brownout drunk me to stop agonizing over it and freaking out?
I had a sexual relationship with an older man when I was 14 to age 15. However I don't see what happened as rape. He was not a family member or a custodian of me either. He was not violent nor did he force himself on me ever. I could have said no...although I know the law says that I was not old enough to consent. I enjoyed it and would even initiate it. The act itsself leaves me with no regret or bad feelings. What does leave me with a bad feeling is the shame of the situation after i told a friend and she told my parents. This type of sexual relationship is found to be so taboo in society that I felt so embarrassed that it came out. I had to either tell my parents the truth (that I consented) or lie and say I felt taken advantage of. I chose to tell the truth to which they of course said I was too young to consent. Until this very day I don't feel like a victim, I don't feel like I was raped. I wasn't exploited or any of those things. Yet I feel guilty that I was told I was a victim so much by everyone around me and that there was no situation where that type of sexual contact was okay between two people of our ages that I helped put this man in jail. I feel like society shoved their definition of what is supposed to be such a terrible experience on me that I felt pressured at the time to agree. I am in my mid 20s now and feel as if the whole situation was wrong. Not what happened between me and the older man but the fact that i was convinced he raped me. Yes I know the laws are set up to protect teens the best they can but I was past puberty. I was not a small child. I am feeling guilty not about what happened between he and I but by the fact his life is ruined over sex. Consenting sex. I was 14/15 and I was in many ways immature mentally but I was hardly anymore mature or looked much different at 18. Yet those few years difference to me although arbitrary in many ways have ruined this mans life. Sorry for the rant. I just have a hard time talking about this in person without feeling judged.
Just to make this easier, the following is how I will address both parties. Me- Denis Her- KellyA group of my friends went out for another friends birthday. Since I have been seeing a girl for a few weeks, my friend invited her along to which Kelly seemed excited about. The entire evening went off without a hitch between me and her. One of my biggest things I look for is the ability for a girl to hold her own with my friends. I don't want to be overly involved in their interaction so that I can see how well they get along. After getting back to my apartment that I share with said friend whose birthday it was and another mutual friend, we had our drunken munchies and headed to bed.We continue to engage in adult relations which was fantastic. I was previously really nervous about this one as I may actually like this girl to sound cheesy. End activities, queue pillow talk which starts out as normal. About how we are pretty cute together and get along really well. Out of the blue, it turns to her telling me about when she was younger and being abused by two separate family members. I have to point out that this was sexual and penetrative abuse at a younger age than seen today for normal activity. It unfortunately didn't end there but described another encounter sometime later about a non-family member sexually assaulting her. I hold her as she sheds a few tears and we fall asleep shortly after that.When we wake up and start talking a bit, I ask about the pillow talk and she says she doesn't remember anything. She had something to do that morning with some of her friends so she left, she had told me this the day before so not too strange. We talked throughout the day and she seemed distant so I just asked bluntly if "Everything between us is okay" to which she responded with "Yes, Why wouldn't it be?". We get into a discussion about what we want out of this to which she first responded "I don't want to rush into a relationship" which is completely fair and I had to agree. It is now Monday and I am still getting the same distant tone and non-engaged conversation from her.I know that there will be some that say that I should let this one go and not engage further. I am considering this option as a method of self-preservation but I do not hold this against her personally if that makes sense.tl;dr: Woman I am seeing proceeded to tell me she was abused by a few people when she was a child. Unsure of how to proceed.I will probably be removing this sometime this evening.
GF was blackout drunk after prom when she was 17 and she had sex with her date. She can't remember any of it. She had no intention of having sex that night and does not remember making the decision to at any point. Her date was extremely drunk too so I don't want to immediately place blame on him. He was not known as an "innocent" guy and quite a scumbag though which taints the story for me.We spoke about it a few months ago and at the time I thought she spoke openly about it and seemed to have moved on. I said maybe she should speak to someone about it, police or professional (we are in the uk so she can just get help from sexual abuse specialists in the police). She got a bit annoyed and said "no its in the past, I don't want to be wasting time over it". We didn't speak about it properly then again.  A few nights ago, I mentioned her prom night in passing and she said "I don't like talking about it", clearly indicating about the sex. Basically she changed her attitude to that night from the last time we spoke about it. We then changed subject.Should I push to talk about that night more or encourage her to go to someone else? Or should I leave it be, it has been years now and she seems to have moved on?tl;dr Gf may have been raped 3 years ago. She seems mostly over it. Should I do anything or just leave it be as it has been years now?
So, to start, about 7 yrs ago, my HS best friend and I hooked up a few times. We fooled around, blew each other, did butt things, the whole 9. When it first was happening, I freaked out and went to one of my "friends" and told him I was raped (which wasn't entirely true). The reality of the situation is, when it came time to do "things", I always tried to say no, but eventually got suckered into it. This went on for a while, and eventually, everyone at school knew about us foolin around. At the time, it really bothered me that others knew and i have since cut off communicating with my HS best friend, as well as the rest of my HS friends.Fast Forward to now: He is messaging me a few times a month/week on FB, asking to talk. When we have talked in the past, it always led to him asking me to come fool around, and I don't want any of it. Now, he is having other people talk to me to get me to talk to him, but I just don't have anything to talk to him about. I sorta feel bad, but I know that I no longer want to do anything with him. I have tried to tell him, but he just keeps going. And, to top it off, the messages go a little like this:"HIM": Hey, I wanna talk. Why won't you talk to me? "ME": Ok. What do you wanna talk about? "HIM": Anything, really. "ME": Ok... THE END.WTF?! If he wanted to talk to me, he would, but he's just asking why we don't talk anymore....it's like Jerry trying to talk to Summer in Rick & Morty.Anyways, not sure how to get him to stop messaging me, no matter what i've tried, threatened, blocked, etc. I don't want to pull out a restraining order because that feels childish and immature, but I can't get through to him that I don't want to talk with him anymore. It's to a point that he is telling me that "my stuff" is out there and people know about it, but I just don't care and want all of it to be gone from my life; all of my newest friends know that I've fooled around with both sexes, so I just don't want this drama anymore.TL;DR: I hooked up with a guy a few times years ago, outed him and myself, no longer want any form of relationship with him, but he won't leave me be. Not sure what to do to get him to stop.
I was sexually assaulted in April of 2014. At least in my opinion, I was. I went to see a friend, with whom I had never had any physical relationship. He pushed himself on me while we were supposed to be watching a movie. Could I have fought? Probably. But I froze. I have severe anxiety problems and I just... Let it happen. When he went for a second round, feeling defeated, I continued to lay immobile. Then I broke down, started crying, saying I didn't want any of it and he told me I dont get to call it rape just because I made a decision and couldn't live with it. He told me I knew what was going to happen when I agreed to come watch a movie. Since then sex means nothing to me. I use it to get what I want, I am hyperaware of the fact that men only interact with me because that is what they want. I feel pretty broken. I didn't report it. He was a coworker, but also a drug dealer. I was afraid of the repercussions of bad mouthing a drug dealer who was almost certainly high when this occurred. When I told my manager at work, he informed me that a formal sexual assault case would result in both of us being suspended and possibly transferred unwillingly. When I told my best friend about this, he encouraged me not to tell anyone, because of how it made me look. A year and a half later and that man is now my significant other. So I have to pretend that this never happened for the rest of my life. When I bring it up, he doesn't want to discuss it. He had me watch a movie with him the other day, where we watched a girl be repeatedly raped. It took him that entire scene to realize I was curled up, not watching, leaking silent tears into my pillow, it never even occurred to him how that scene would make me feel. I'm trying to forget it, and it's working because I have an unfortunately terrible memory spawned from a traumatic childhood, all the bad memories are the first to go, then the good, until I remember nearly nothing. But there are still triggers. I lost my job recently because the assaulter kept showing up there (he was eventually fired for reasons not directly related to me, though I was absolutely the impetus), and it triggered the worst anxiety and panic that I've ever experienced. I worried that I will never have a chance to work through it. I'm not even sure it was rape, I mean I theoretically could have stopped it, right?
I am developing a short film about a male rape victim that tries to deal with his trauma in an ignorant and judgemental society. This is a student project for Edinburgh College of Art. At this point I am researching this topic, and exploring the different stages and situations that victims go through. The next step will be writing a first script draft based on the material I gather from your stories.The film is not going to be focus so much on the event of the rape itself, but rather on the psychological aftermath. My goal is not to discourage (male) rape victims, but to show people that male rape is not uncommon and to raise awareness for this problem.I am aware that I am dealing with a delicate subject and therefore I would like to get in contact with victims of rape and survivors (both male and female) to share their story.If you are a victim of rape (male or female), please share your story in the comments or PM me. I would like to find out about the challenges you are facing after your rape. Did it affect your relationships? How do you deal with physical contact? Did it affect the way you function in public, at work, etc?I will be discreet and not share your story with anyone without your permission. If you have any ideas, advice or suggestions for my film or the way I am approaching victims or dealing with this topic, feel free to comment as well.
I'm a 16 year old girl with Major Depression Disorder who has been repressing memories of being violated when I was 5. I've been remembering what has happened since I was in 5th grade. Everything is mostly clear except who did it. Now, my girlfriend recently went to court against the guy who raped her. I confided my mom with this information just to see how she would react. I know I was beating around the bush. She was very sympathetic which made me believe that she would believe me. When I told her, she seemed to be in a bit of shock and when I asked her, she said she did. A month has passed since then, and yesterday, she verbally assaulted me, saying how I was lying and only saying that to get out of school, and I only said that because my girlfriend also said she was raped. She called me slurs, said I was playing the victim, threatened to hit me, etc. Now, what I want to know is what do I do? I've told my psychiatrist and he believes me and knows my mom doesn't. What he doesn't know is that my mom is very emotionally abusive. I'm scared for my safety, and I'm terrified of my mom. 
Hello everyone, debated on this post, but I recently started seeing a younger guy and he's quite the cuddler and clings to me everywhere we go. It's quite troublesome even though I adore this person.  When we are out in a store, I don't want to be holding hands or have arms around me or have him hugging me from behind. I want to be focusing on grabbing the items , what I'm looking at, who I'm talking to, basically functioning in public and I can't do that with him enclosing me. PDA makes me feel uncomfortable, self-conscious, and claustrophobic. I don't find it appropriate in public settings. I also don't like it when he tries to make out with me in the same room as his parents. I think it's rude to them, yet he still tries to do it. When we're in his bed I don't mind him being behind me, but he practically melts his body onto mine and puts most of his weight on me. It's very uncomfortable and brings back some nasty memories if you know what I mean. If we're sitting up he'll hug me from the side and crush my ribcage to his... body parts twined in awkward positions, therefore my toes somehow become numb during the cuddling.  It doesn't help that I'm pretty self-conscious and don't have confidence about my sexuality. That all got thrown out the window when I was sexually assaulted(18 at the time). I've let him know before that I'm not a fan of any of those things yet he continues to do so. He knows about my past. I just want my own personal space and to feel like my own person. I have a lot of ways to go, additionally, I am open to advice on increasing my sexual confidence and comfort around partners. I don't even know what I like sexually anymore. It's all super embarrassing and guilt-trippy for me. I want this relationship to work out because I'm pretty sure it would crush him if it didn't. I cry when I go home because I feel awful for not giving him the affection he deserves in return.Should have put this at the top but I decided to add it in last minute. I was assaulted by a guy I was briefly seeing at university. When I found out I was the other woman we ended things. Months later, I put in a request for an IT guy to come to my dorm and fix my computer, it was him. I was showing him what was wrong when he came up from behind me. Actually the anniversary for this is tomorrow. It'll be 3 years now? After that I denied it for a year, stopped having sex with the guy I was seeing at the time. I used to be very sexually active and loved giving and receiving. Now I can't even hug someone without feeling anxious. I don't know what to do. I've been going to therapy since it's happened. Haven't reported it because I decided after the year of denial that I just wanted to move on. I've had relationships after the assualt, they all end because of said results of assualt(ha, I made a play on words).  I'm a mess. My life has been a mess since then despite all my efforts. I go to a state college now and try to keep things rolling. I just want to move on but the barriers I put up are blocking me.
Throwaway for obvious reasons and because people I know know my main account. This event happened a while ago, but recent occurrences has brought it up in my mind again and I can't stop thinking about it. All names are changed.So, I was contacted by an ex of mine last night, which wasn't something I expected or wanted, and it reminded me of something that he did that I thought I repressed hard enough to never come back.We were 17 (myself, we'll call me Kayla) and 18 (him, we'll call him Chad) at the time and just freshly dating. Me, being the very sheepish person I am, didn't really get dates that often and this guy was a close friend and we hit it off so, we started dating. He was leaving for the military soon after high school graduation and we kind of rushed the relationship (which I now realize was one of the downfalls of our relationship).There was one night in particular that we were just hanging out, watching Netflix, and cuddling. One thing leads to another (Netflix and chill, as the kids say) and we start having sex. There is consent on both ends and both parties leave happy.Fast forward a couple months...Chad leaves for basic training and is gone for a good portion of time where no contact is in order. It sucks, but you power through it. He graduates and we spend the weekend together and this is where it gets dicey.We end up talking for hours upon hours about us and the future and other things you talk about when you're up at 1 am with your significant other. He goes on a tangent on the aforementioned night. We get talking about it and how it was fun, etc. He then says something, under his breath, about how he didn't use a condom. I, appalled, ask him what the actual fuck he is talking about. Now, we practiced safe sex that night, but apparently he pretended to put the condom on and just didn't.I got, understandably, mad at him and left the weekend event (if you will) altogether. We ended up breaking up over it, but it's still something that haunts me. It's made me feel tainted. Something unwanted happened to me with a person I trust(ed). It's making me feel unworthy of the current boyfriend (let's call him Jay) and makes me feel kind of abused.Jay is a wonderful boyfriend who showers me in affection and wouldn't hurt a fly. But, I feel like this is something I need to tell him, but I don't even know if it's something I can qualify as "worthy of telling him." That's where I come to your for advice on how to move forward and if this is something I need to even worry about, even though I probably still will.**TL;DR** Ex gets in contact with me, reminds me of past traumatic event. How do I tell my current boyfriend and move on with my life?
Posting from a throwaway.Context: I am sixteen, ex is eighteen. Some options might not be open, I guess.I dated a guy about half a year ago. Honestly, I was scared of him; I was in a bad time of my life, and trying to explain that to him just made him angry. I didn't mention it again, because that was just how scared I was.I presume he was trying to get his dick wet, because he would pressure me into sexual activities which I was adverse to, including in public. I complied because I was scared of what would happen if I said no, and was desperate to please him. Eventually, it culminated to me having my first time scared and in pain. I was too terrified to ask him to stop, and he was too busy getting rid of his virginity to really care about how I felt.I haven't talked to him in months, but I am still traumatized by it. For months I lose sleep hallucinating his slimy hands crawling all over me; I no longer feel safe sleeping in my own bed at night. Honestly, I am still confused on whether it even counts as sexual assault -- technically I said yes? But I felt forced to?The worst part is that I desperately want some retribution. For him to at least feel some of the pain I am in could maybe help me be at peace. Part of me wants revenge, but the other part wants me to be the better person and leave it in the past.What should I do? The shame is eating away at me, but if I seek legal retribution, it will destroy me. If the whole world finds out, I'll never escape the shame. **TL;DR: I was sexually assaulted, and the guilt is consuming me. How can I act to adequately come to terms with it?**
When i was 14 i was raped. Now im 22. Sometimes I feel okay, but some days it feels like no time has passed at all. Ive never been able to talk to anyone about the event. I have a boyfriend that Ive been with since highschool, he knows something happened but i could never tell him what. Sometimes i feel like i could explode. I dont want to hold everything in but it literally hurts to try and speak.
How do I trust men again after this happened? I want more than anything for someone to love me, and wrap me in their arms when I have panic attacks. Someone I can cry too and feel safe. Someone who won't hurt me like he did. But I'm so scared of letting down the wall I've built to avoid letting people in so I don't get hurt. What kind of person would love someone with so much damage? Someone so flawed and broken? 
I have this problem where anyone I used to have an emotional connection with I see as my abuser and am afraid, no matter how hard I rationalize it, that they will physically hurt me. I live in constant fear because I am afraid of this person, even though they have never physically hurt me, and it has gotten to the point that I want to kill myself. I feel like my actual abuser didn't "exist". I constantly have conversations in my head explaining my feelings and this situation to people, specifically the person who has abused me. This is a terrifying thing to feel toward someone who never physically harmed me. I don't know what to do.
There's too much. Too much to type. So much pain. So many guys. Foreign objects. Some of them felt that their penis were to good for my vagina. I was just some whore chained to a post. Someone they could spit on, urinate on, and tell themselves I enjoyed it. Blocked it out. Pretended it never happened. Years go by. Lots of drugs, lots of alcohol. Then sobriety. The memories flood my mind. I can't get away from them. Therapy says it's not my fault. Says my grandfather conditioned me when he raped me at 5 and continued to do so until he died when I was 15. Nothing makes sense. Police in a small town don't believe the young addicts story. Doesn't believe I  was held against my will. I did drugs, I asked for it. Nobody cares how I started them to begin with. Nobody cares because I'm not important, never have been.Been sober for 18 months. I don't want to get high. I don't want to get drunk. All I want to do is grab everyone person I see and shake them. Tell them how much I've endured in my life. Tell them not to judge my life. I've done the best I could do. I want to scream and demand that someone cares. Demand that someone sees me and my pain. Doesn't matter. Nobody can hear me anyway. Nobody ever did before.
My friend and I just started talking again 2 weeks ago after 3 months estranged. She told me tonight that she thinks she was raped a month ago. She went out to drinks with a guy she called a friend. After the bar they went to his house where she ended up passing out. She woke up naked and feeling strange. Confronting him about it he admitted to having sex with her. She is still processing this. And has been blocking it out for the last month. She says she doesn't know how to feel. But she feels she brought it upon her self. She's not entirely comfortable with me atm, but she may have only told one other person. I've tried listening and talking to her, letting her know it's not her fault and he's the one that did something wrong. But while I've helped a few other friends through similar things. That she was unconscious for it makes puts her in the middle of a state of disbelief and accepting it as a natural consequence. I'm not pushing the issue. And I'm giving her some space because she doesn't want to talk about it now but she knows I'm here. I was raped 7 years ago so she knows(i hope) that I'd understand. What I want to know is if there's anything else I could do to help her? Again she was unconscious so she's processing it differently. 
20, f, 5 counts of rape under my belt.It was halloween. I bring my beautiful best friend to a kegger. This is her first party, ever. I've been partying since I was 15, but she hadn't started until she was 19. She's innocent, naive, and gorgeous. She's uplifting, generous, and I have never met someone so real and amazing in my life.We had about 2 or 3 beers, shes a light weight and was wasted. She said some joke sexual remark and I laughed and went up to get us more drinks. I see his hands around her waist.I come back down and she's gone. I know somethings wrong. She's not that kind of girl. I search the house and ask around, no one has seen her.20 minutes pass.I see her finally, I run up to her and hug her. "Don't do that again! I was searching all over for you." She pulls me into the bathroom. She collapses into my arms. " I didn't want to. I didn't want to." is all she could say through her tear streaked cheeks.boom. His hands around my throat. boom. He tells me to shut up. boom. he forces himself on me. my mind goes blank.Tears roll down my face. No. No. No. Not her. She cannot go through the same pain I did. I can't have it. Not fucking her.I get her a way home, I can't leave. My car is here.I pull him into the bathroom. "What the fuck did you do to my friend?" -"I didn't do shit. shes the one that wanted it." He throws me up against a door. His fists in a ball.I let him go.I go to my male friends. They do nothing. I go to the party host. He tells me to keep quiet because it will ruin his party.I feel sick.I see him dancing with another girl. I see him hooking up with her.I can't watch. I walk 20 minutes to a house I thought would be safe. He kicks me out. I walk back to my car, sober up and drive home.This week has been hell. I can't eat. I can't sleep. I have flashbacks. PTSD. Depression. I'm taking it harder than my friend. I'm a wreck and these emotions are killing me. I can't take it much longer. I can't focus. When I wake up its the first thing on my mind, and the last thing I think about before I fall asleep. I can't stop crying. It's killing me.
When I was 14 my friend was raped. I wasn't there when it happened but finding out later destroyed me. Psychologically I get sick just thinking about it, I feel vulnerable, as if I could have been there to stop it. When dealing with the topic of rape I shut down,my mind wonders to dark places, I become really angry. I feel as though the idea of her being trapped and taken advantaged of by some sick person makes me feel major aggression towards everyone and everything. I feel unrest, as if the traumatic thought will never settle within me. Most people say "Oh well what are you complaining about, you weren't the one being raped."  You have no idea how horrible it feels to have your best friend raped. The near mention dehumanizes me. I don't know what's worst, the fact that it happened, or the fact my mind refuses to make peace with the event. If I could, I would probably torture her rapist for weeks on end if i new who he was. Because of these thoughts, I am becoming less and less of a moral person as time goes on. Any advice on how to deal with these emotions? I would be infinitely grateful. 
So I posted a couple years ago about my story and haven't been active since on this throwaway. So here is what is happening the last couple weeks and I am not sure what the underlying cause might be. Lately my husband and I have been trying to spice things up, and we were discussing some things and light bondage came up. So we looked at a couple of pictures and this picture of this girl came up and just the way she was positioned, the way her arms were pinned my vision went fuzzy and I started having flashes in my head of what happened to me. I basically collapsed and sobbed for about 30 minutes after that, while trying to explain to him (he is aware of what happened to me) he was very comforting, and he hasn't brought up that stuff again. So that happened about two weeks ago. I have had one nightmare about it since, not as vivid or scary as they have been in the past. Then today I was taking a shower (tmi sorry) I was sitting on the floor of the shower and a little mentral blood hit the water where I was looking and I had the same fuzzy vision, and then remembering me in the shower sitting on the floor after it happened when I was a kid. I got a crush of emotions in my chest and started sobbing again remembering what I went through. I know some will think hormones because of my period, but I have not had anything like this happen in probably 8 or 9 years. It just has me twisted up and confused. I feel out of control and fearful again, and I don't want to fall into that again. Has anyone else had something like this happen to them? How did you cope? Advice. Tl;dr- have had a couple of incidents of flashbacks and sobbing the last couple weeks about what happened to me. Not sure what to do about it. Advice welcome
Hello. I just found this sub. I have been raped, more then once. I've been through all of these things before. Still have ptsd but it had been in what Id call a semi remission for a few years. Still showed itself in different ways but it was for the most part managable. Lately, Its seemed to rear its head again with a vengeance. My thoughts seem stuck in survival mode, I cant think clearly about anything, or wonder about things I have a hard time doing anything. Just feel like Im in those situations again but there is no situation so its perpetual waiting to be free kinda thing. I wasnt going to bring that part up its not what im posting about but i guess it is relevant to the whole thing. Im kind of used to it though. I hate it still. But im used to it. The new thing is I cant even watch a kiss on tv ha...soon as I do my wrists start getting tight I start getting psychical flashbacks almost and just cringe inside and have to look away. I have never really had that problem. Sex, I have tried, but i just go blank, this is new. that had never really been too much of a problem for me. In different ways yes...but i never had a complete aversion to it. I just go blank and dissconect from my body instantly, even with hugs. I dont know what to do about this or what is causing this now..Im just not sure what to do. This part of this is kinda new for me. Any ideas or advice would be much appreciated. Thank you  
I remember too much and not enough. My body remembers everything. But my mind went somewhere else because the terror was too much to bear. I wasn't there, physically. I remember it started in a room with the doors closed. And then the abusers became bolder. Later it happened on the living room floor. I remember screaming in sheer terror. I remember shrieking until my voice went hoarse and choking on the tears. I yelled and I cried. It was terrifying. They kept putting things in me. It felt cold. It hurt. I didn't like it, or did I? I remember it felt wrong. The look in their eyes was one of malice. It was as if they were saying, "See, you like it. You like the pain, you like to be hurt. It feels good, don't it? You like it you bad, bad little girl." I didn't know who they were anymore. Could these really be my brothers? I remember being violated. Like my body was no longer under my control.And my dad just sitting there on the couch. I remember it happened on the living room floor beneath the bright, yellow lights less than 10 feet from my father's feet. I remember being horrified and looking up at him to see if he would protect me. He didn't. He didn't even flinch, didn't even knowledge me. It was as if what was happening was okay, or he didn't even notice. But how couldn't he notice? I was screaming bloody murder. In my mind, I figured I must be imagining him, he wasn't possibly there letting this happen in front of him. And I could her my mom in the kitchen washing dishes after dinner. I remember the clink of the dishes and the sound of running water. Couldn't she hear me over the dishes? Did she care?I wasn't yet big enough or strong enough to get away. They kept grabbing my legs. I tried to crawl and felt the rug burn on my face and arms. I screamed and fought. Holy hell. But there were three or four of them surrounding me and I was outnumbered. They thought I was some kind of doll. It was as if they didn't even know that I was human. I remember hot tears running down my face.When it was all over, they'd put a pretty dress on me and present me to my mother. "They said, Look how pretty she is!" It was some kind of cruel joke. "I tried smiling to make my mother happy, but I couldn't suppress the sobs crawling at my throat."What's the matter sweetheart?" she'd say. As if she had been in some other realm and hadn't been aware of what was happening to me 200 feet from the kitchen sink where she'd been standing. It didn't make any sense. Nothing made sense in the world and people were cruel. I didn't have the words to explain what had happened and even if I had, no one was listening. They already knew. I felt coldness from my family and learned that people have an innate capacity for cruelty. They cannot be trusted
So, We have been together with my gf for year and a half. I'm 17 and so is she. 2 years ago, 6 months before our relationship started she went to a house party...She did not drink or anything but she liked one guy and she wanted to talk to him and probably sleep with him because she was in love with him...But other guy kept pushing her around and holding her hand for a really long time...She was saying no all the time but he somehow managed to get her into bed and take her virginity, he penetrated her and half into the act he just left her there. She lost her virginity to someone who persuaded her and then left in the middle of the act...Time went by at the houseparty and a guy from my class started pushing her around too and forced her to have sex with her too...And in the end of the evening she managed to sleep with the guy she wanted...So she slept with 3 guys in one night...I have known that since the start of our relationship and about a month ago I found out that these 2 guys forced her to have sex with them. She doesnt think about it and she is emotionally stable, but I am destroyed...I keep seeing the guy who hit with my gf against a wall, held her and forced her to have sex with him...Everytime I see him in my class I have the urge to beat him or something...It is incredibly unbearable and its almost the only think im thinking about. Everytime I think about it I become edgy and my gf is mad at me for that, but I just cant bear the thought of her, my little ball of happiness, being pushed and fucked at a house party and losing her virginity like that...I just dont know what to do anymore...I was a virgin when we met and I knew that she slept with 3 guys already but I would not really mind if the sex was in a long-term relationship with love and not in some dark room with some asshole who slams you against a wall...I really have no idea what should I do...And I guess I cant beat the guy up because He is like 20kg heavier than me...My gf is close friend with his girlfriend, he cheated on her and even told her he loves another girl, but she wants to stay with relationship with her, because the girl lives in other country, and she agreed! I just feel super injustice and everything...This Asshole can rape my girlfriend, deal cocaine, cheat on his girlfriend and get away with everything. I asked her why my gf was not pressing charges against them and she sad she was scared of her parents...She was 15 at the time...Im emotionaly destroyed and I have bad mood constantly and it even affects our relationship...I told my gf that I feel terrible because of what happened and she does not wanna talk about it..What should I do im Clueless...
Possibly graphic. Throwaway for reasons.About two months ago, I was invited to someone's house who I had just met. I went, not suspecting his intentions. One thing led to another and eventually he was trying to take my shirt off. I said no and tried to force his hands away, but he just grabbed my wrists and forced it off. Soon after that, his pants came off, followed by mine, again after much protesting by me. He then proceeded to attempt to pleasure me. I was silent through this. He eventually decided to just stick it in. I was again completely silent. I essentially just let him have his way with me throughout the entire experience.A month later, I started getting upset and overwhelmingly sad for seemingly no reason. This included not eating, crying in the middle of the night, getting irritated for no reason, and just feeling generally bad about myself.I feel terrible about what happened. I feel like I could have done more to prevent this. I should never have gone to that person's house. I don't know what to do. I was molested a year and a half ago by a man I met online. He wouldn't leave my house even after I threatened to call the cops. A couple months later, I became severely depressed with the same symptoms mentioned earlier. And lastly, a year ago, I agreed to have sex with a good friend of mine even though I never wanted to. He just kept asking me and eventually I gave in. I told him a few months later when we were both drunk (but about 150 miles away from each other) and he felt terrible.All of these experiences have severely fucked me over (heh, not intended), especially the most recent one. About two weeks after the possible rape happened, I got in a relationship with my current boyfriend. I'm the happiest I've ever been since I've been with him, but sometimes these dark thoughts can get in the way. He knows about every single one of those incidents and has been incredibly supportive as I attempt to cope with this.Even though he makes me so incredibly happy, there are still nights like tonight that just interrupt everything. I feel useless, worthless, and like I don't have the ability to fend for myself. I kind of used this as an opportunity to talk about what happened to me more than an opportunity to get help because it's been bothering me for some time, but any advice is greatly appreciated.
I'm a 16 year old guy who's been through hell. If there's anyone out there that can help me or show me that there's hope or try to convince me. Message me on Kik. It's Nate.okay
Okay, this is gonna be long, but I don't know where else to go.My boyfriend and I of about ~4 years have been long-distance for a little over half of our relationship when I moved cross-country to go to college. We got together when we were very young (met in high school) and essentially grew up with one another. He is wonderful to me, and perfect for me. We always laugh together, we get over fights within minutes, we are kind and loving. We understand each other on a level that I thought was impossible. I can't see myself with anyone else in my life.I think it is important to note that I have been suffering from depression and suicidal ideations for about four years now. I have sabotaged many relationships because I have never felt worthy of people's love or friendship. I feel like I deserve to be alone.Almost exactly a year ago I met a guy at an internship and he quickly took a liking to me. At social events, he made me feel pretty uncomfortable but I just ignored him because I didn't want to start anything with people from work. Then one night, a bunch of work friends went out drinking. I drank a shit ton and blacked out and woke up in his bed. Hating myself. How I could do anything like this to my boyfriend was completely beyond me and I didn't know how to cope. I couldn't tell my boyfriend. I thought that maybe if I tried to get to know this guy and found out that he "wasn't so bad after all" it would help me feel better about what I did. (Looking back, I don't know where this logic came from). I didn't find him attractive. I didn't even like him that much. I didn't care about him in the slightest. But I continued an affair with him.Meanwhile, my boyfriend is across the country confused as to why I am acting distant and cold. I came home in December, and he went on vacation with me and my family. On the last night, still confused from my behavior from the previous semester, he went through my phone and found out I had cheated on him. The drive home was one of the worst things I've ever experienced. I swore to him that I would block this guy on all forms of social media and I "dumped" the guy without a second thought. After three weeks of horrible confusion, countless almost-breakups, and literally begging for him to give me another chance, he decides to forgive me and move on. It was a really rough time. He gave me a beautiful diamond promise ring at this time, about three weeks after he found out.Two days after he gave me this promise ring, I had a trip to Asia scheduled to conduct some field research for a project in school that I was involved in. This was really hard for him because our communication was incredibly limited for two weeks, during his time of need and healing. I felt awful that I couldn't be there for him. After the trip, I was able to go home for two days and see him before school started again. The months following were hard, including moments where I found out he had gone through my Facebook, but we worked through them and began the rebuilding process.Fast forward a couple months. I was taking a class with a young-ish professor who ripped my grade apart on every assignment. This was a subject that I was previously very strong in, so to receive copious amounts of negative feedback about my performance was really hard for me. I put all my effort into the assignments but was still not receiving the grades that I wanted. Not only was the subject difficult, but the professor was also giving me weird vibes about halfway through the semester. I knew something was up when the professor emailed me about a non-academic related topic. I responded. He continued to keep tiptoeing the line but never actually crossed any line. On the last day of classes, he told me some very personal things about himself during office hours when I went to check my final grade, including information about how he had slept with students before and how he currently had a girlfriend. He also told me "After today, I am no longer your professor. We are equals."He gave me an A even though I knew I deserved, at most, a B. I felt really guilty about my grade because I knew I didn't deserve it, but I have an immense amount of pressure to keep my grades up as I have plans to go to law school after graduation. However, he told me, "The numbers are the numbers," and I awkwardly said thank you before heading out. He quickly packed up his stuff and followed me and asked me if I wanted to take a walk on-campus with him. I said yes (and didn't listen to my gut). During the walk, he proceeded to tell me about his research and things he liked to do when he was younger and I listened, but I didn't find him or anything he had to say interesting. Then he said something very shocking to me: "How badly do you want this A?"You can guess the rest of the story. I said yes for the second fucking time and I hated myself for it. I was too scared to report what happened to the university and I felt like it was entirely my fault. I felt like a whore -- weak, disgusting, and used up. It was also after the last day of classes, so it wasn't like he was formally considered my instructor anymore. While it was happening, I was completely numb, just lying there and letting him have his way with me. When he left, I started sobbing. I was so confused and angry and my self-hatred was at an all-time high. I called one of my friends to come over so I could talk to someone about it, and in my sadness and confusion, my friend kissed me. I felt like he took advantage of my weakness and vulnerability but I didn't stop him. So we also hooked up. That same fucking day. I hate them both.Since then, I have a recurrent nightmare of my professor in which he is shaped like a monster, with green eyes and horns and a lizard tongue, chasing me and asking me how badly I want the A. As soon as he gets me, I wake up.I took the longest shower at the end of that day. I wanted to kill myself. I felt pretty coerced by my professor, and even though I never stopped him I wanted to so badly. Something was holding me back. Is this considered rape? I'm not sure. I know this is completely my fault. I never told my boyfriend about any of this and I don't know how I ever can. If he finds out that I lied to him and cheated AGAIN, after breaking his heart once and after he gave me a promise ring, we're completely done. I don't know what I'm going to do without him. It's almost like I know this relationship is doomed but I'm hanging on to every last moment because I am only happy when I'm with him. I feel like everything will be better once we're no longer long-distance. He forgave me once, but how could I possibly explain that I made the same mistake two more times during our time of healing?Another important note is that I know it's so easy to judge the cheater. I've wanted to die for so long and prove to everyone that they'd be better off without me. I know I'm a piece of shit but I can't find the strength to tell my boyfriend the truth. I have always relied on validation from men to feel good about myself. I don't know how else to get self-respect. I really fucking hate myself, but I am so in love with my boyfriend. Just trying to figure out why I would do so much fucked up shit to him. This is all my fault. This guilt really makes me want to kill myself. I cry myself to sleep every night.I don't know what to say to my boyfriend or how to say it.tl;dr: Suicidal, depressed for 4 years. Cheated on my boyfriend, then was coerced by professor to hook up for a grade. THEN hooked up with another guy in numb confusion. Still in love with my boyfriend. Don't know what to do now.
Last night I went to a bar with a guy friend I didn't know all that well yet. I'm attracted to him but I'd typically never ever have sex on the first date. I was an idiot and didn't eat beforehand, and had four cocktails in about 3 hours. I'm usually just a social drinker, but I'm used to being able to control myself just fine at the ~4 drink mark. I did leave my drink unattended to use the restroom. Next thing I remember, I was making out with him at the bar, and soon after we left. Then my memory gets more hazy. I remember blowing him while he was driving but I don't remember what led up to it. I would normally never drive with someone who had had 5+ drinks like he had, let alone "impairing" him further like that. I barely remember doing it but it was obviously stupid and I can't understand how my judgment was so impaired, when I've been fine in the past with this amount of alcohol.We drove to a hotel and I remember getting checked in. My memory is totally blank from then on, except I remember having sex, as just a single flash of memory. I remember enjoying it but being very, very out of it, so much so that I was barely coherent enough to tell him not to finish inside me because I'm not on birth control. (Of course, if sober, I would never have unprotected sex with anyone, and am going to get Plan B tomorrow just in case.) I remember saying wild things that would usually be completely out of character for me, but I only remember small bits and pieces anyway. Then, I remember him trying to get me to eat something (didn't know what it was at the time, later he said it was fries), but I "passed out" before I could. In the morning, I asked him how drunk I had seemed, and he said I didn't seem too drunk, that I was "walking fine and not slurring my words or anything." And that matches up with how I remember feeling in the hotel lobby. Also, this was exactly 24 hours ago, and I've STILL got a hangover. I've thrown up several times today, so the time and severity are way worse than my usual hangovers, even ones I've had after a night of 8 or so drinks.But the other thing is, I've gotten "brownout drunk" after 3 - 4 drinks before. My body's weird, I never act different when I'm drunk (except sexually less inhibited apparently), yet every once in a while my tolerance will just randomly drop, and I'll be puking and won't remember things, even after 3 - 4 drinks.I've heard blood sugar issues and coneger intolerance can cause these issues, too. I was going to post this to the drinking or alcohol sub, but I thought they might tell me I just put myself in a compromising position and it was my fault, and of course I don't really want to hear that right now. I don't plan on drinking any more in the immediate future, puking a southwest salad out my nose today was enough to deter me, if this confusing incident wasn't.Again, I don't think I was raped, I don't even feel like I was purposely taken advantage of, but I just feel weird about blacking out so much of the night, while not having had all that much to drink. I know "drunken one-night-stands" are pretty common and it doesn't mean one person took advantage of another, but by my age you can probably guess I'm new to that environment/culture. I'll be far more careful in the future.So I guess what I'm really asking is, does anyone know if it's possible/normal to seem perfectly lucid, talking and walking perfectly, yet still be drunk enough to forget most of the night? Since this is the second time that's happened to me (but I've also gotten twice as drunk and still remembered everything), I'm wondering if there's some kind of physiological explanation. Cocktails (with rye whiskey, gin, and vodka in this case) may have more than one standard drink in them too, I know, but I don't think these did.One last thing: I'm obviously not trying to ask anyone to tell me definitively one way or the other if I was (accidentally) taken advantage of. I know that's impossible to tell. But I'd just like to know how to process and deal with these feelings.Thanks in advance, everyone!
Ive been seeing this guy, Fred, once a week for several months now. normally its fun we are silly and have a great sexy time, but this morning something happened that i dont know how to deal with.I woke up slightly to feeling his fingers between my legs playing with my vag. I was too sleepy to really register though. Then I realized he was taking off his pajamas and felt him start to line up to penetrate me. I woke up and pushed him off. I was scared and when he tried to cuddle with me I let him because i didnt know how to react.He slid his hand down there and i said no im not ready and pushed his hand away. He said yes you are and tried to reach down again. I pushed him off and gave him the cold shoulder while he still fondled my boobs because I was just so confused and scared. I finally told him it wasnt ok.He was apologetic but when i told him i wanted to be left alone he tried to stay and comfort me when all i wanted was to be alone. it took an hour to convince him to just leave.I have no idea how i feel about any of this. On the one hand hes never done anything like this, on the other i just feel shaken and angry. R/Relationships, am i overreacting? What do i do now?tl;dr: Dude i see once a week tried to have sex while i was asleep. now i am confused.
Sorry, I posted the full story in another sub-reddit. https://www.reddit.com/r/MenGetRapedToo/comments/3qyekg/me_21_m_18_at_the_time_with_my_ex_20_m_17_at_the/
On October 26, 2015, despite a stated subreddit rule that "calls to arms" against other subs was strictly prohibited, KotakuInAction permitted one of their users to write a smear post suggesting that by banning KiA posters through the use of a bot, /r/rape and /r/rapecounseling were comparable to 911 operators hanging up on people who don't fit their political leanings. We subsequently experienced a surge in downvoting. Ironically, due to our use of the ban bot, KiA posters were unable to brigade the /r/rape subreddit with comments, and rather filled the mod queue with hateful, angry tirades. This despite the fact that the imaginary conversations between /r/rape moderators and KiA users suggested in the original thread are laughably false. Our moderators do not harass or abuse any survivors of violence regardless of their affiliations, and they have never done so. Additionally, /r/rapecounseling does not make use of the bot, and so was involved based on misinformation, which was not corrected as of 10/27, by which time many users had seen the post and reacted angrily.The general consensus of KiA was that being banned in a sub prior to participating was similar to being found guilty prior to being tried. Although this idea has some instantaneous appeal, it falls prey to the same fallacy that many redditors make when they insist that moderation is a violation of their right to "free speech." Access to forums moderated by private individuals, freely provided and in no way affiliated with the government, is not a basic right and does not constitute free speech. It also does not constitute trial by law. The consequences to any individual banned from a subforum may be a moment of dysphoria, but are essentially nil in any other respect.Secondly, the banning that KiA users receive is not permanent, and can easily be contravened. Upon receiving a request to be unbanned or approved for comments, r/rape mods will absolutely check to be sure that the user in question is not in the habit of telling other users to kill themselves, affiliated with a SLPC-listed hate group such as Stormfront, or generally hostile to victims of sexual violence prior to unbanning. We do this with every single poster who contributes; this simply changes the order of operations. Banned individuals are also still able to access all of the resources listed on the sidebar of r/rape, including subs in which they are welcome to participate, like our sister sub r/rapecounseling. In fact, many of the participants in the /r/rape sub are themselves guided towards these resources by the mods. The only restriction that banned individuals face is the "gate" of having to get mod approval prior to commenting or submitting.The /r/rape sub is not "a place where all can come freely to speak about rape," and has never been advertised as such - or even advertised at all. It is a highly curated space that is specifically intended to provide a positive, nurturing experience to victims. It is neither the only place on reddit where this service is available, nor a professional counseling service and has never billed itself as such. We will continue to do our best to serve and protect the survivors of sexual assault and rape in our community.
i use to hang around with some bad people. i stopped talking to all of them after this happened (2 weeks ago)i spend the night at my friend luis' house over the weekend, i was the only girl there and there were like 7 guys. it was practically a drug fest, a shit ton of coke and weed and molly and there was even some meth. i knew all of them expect this one guy, he was actually 16 years old but much bigger than me. im 5'5'', 19yrs old, and 140lbs, this guy was like 6'7'' and almost 300lbs. im not gonna lie, i did do a couple lines of coke and i smoked a lot of weed. i didnt pop molly or smoke meth. this guy, i dont even know his name, spent the night too. i was sleeping on the couch, it was like 5 in the morning, and this guy comes out into the living room. i was just about to fall asleep but i felt him sit down next to me, so i looked over and he was staring at my butt. i was like "what are you doing" and then he put his hand over my mouth and told me to shut the fuck up or he is really going to hurt me. he pulled out a pocket knife and ripped a hole in my leggings and started to finger me, i tried to get up but he grabbed my hands and literally zip tied them together(i have no idea where he even got zip ties and why the hell he had them at a get together) i was freaking the hell out at this point, i normally dont cry but i couldnt stop crying. i was so freaked out. he started to talk dirty to me and got pissed off that i couldnt stop crying long enough to say anything back, he was saying stuff like "i know you like it, youre cumming" it was horrible.he took his penis out of his pants and put it on my butt and was trying to get it inside the hole he made, but i kept closing my legs. he got up to switch positions and i bolted up the stairs to my friends room, i fell down a couple times cause my hands were still zip tied.my friend didnt care, he said i probably did something to make him think i wanted it. he cut the zip ties and he didnt do anything. i told one other person that i thought would help me and give me some comfort at the least but he said the exact same thing, he said i asked for it. i wasnt wearing anything slutty, i didnt even show interest in any of the guys there. the guy left as soon as i started running, i was pissed off at my friend luis for not doing anything about it and not telling me his name or anything so i could call the police, he said he doesnt wanna hang around with a snitch so i told him to go fuck himself and i grabbed my things and i left. i called an uber and went home, i was crying pretty much the whole way home. the uber driver didnt ask what was wrong, and i feel kinda shitty for expecting him to ask. i havent told anyone else i know cause they will probably blame it on me, and i have no female friends who might actually listen to me and try to comfort me. i feel really selfish for wanting people to comfort me and shit, but i dont know. i dont wanna say i deserve the comfort, but i feel like i do at the same time. i think everyone who goes through something that was traumatic deserves the comfort..but yeah, was i raped? i dont know.
My girlfriend of four years told me recently that she was raped a little over a year ago. I know it's common for raped victims to feel guilty and not tell close ones. That is what happened with me. She did tell a few close friends, but no one told her to file a report. Without going into too much detail, is there anyway to bring justice to the situation. It's been too long to file a police report, and it's illegal to beat his teeth out of his head (my immediate reaction). Any advice is greatly appreciated. I'm a little overwhelmed and don't know what to do without causing more pain. 
I have seriously been thinking if I should share this story or not;  wondering if it would be too personal or if I would get any backlash for putting it out on social media, the possibility of people thinking that I am doing this for attention.. There’s this stigma that society has that you should NEVER talk about your experiences with being raped or molested, but if no one speaks out, how do you know that you’re not alone. Not everyone wants to speak of their experience and I understand because this is very personal but I do. Seventh grade, I had just come back from a trip to South Korea, Thailand, and the Philippines with my dad. I really enjoyed my summer and I was excited to start middle school with all of my friends. I was the quiet girl at school, people knew me but I wasn’t popular. I mainly hung out with the friends that I had in elementary school that transferred over to the middle school. My grades were good and I didn’t get into much trouble- I wasn’t as bad then than I am now hahaha. All joking aside I was having a great year. Spring is here! I am getting closer to getting out of school to enjoy another great summer. Around this time my grandma was making me take the school bus because the drive to school was too long and tiring. I was a little hesitant at first but my friends also rode the bus so I didn’t think much of it. While riding the bus I always sat at the front by myself even though I knew people that rode that same bus with me. But when Spring came around, I was sitting closer to the back with my friends. I remember taking the late bus with a friend but I don’t remember the exact reason why. She was always nice to me during school and we were kind of close. I let my grandma know that I was taking the late bus and what time to pick me up. So we get on the bus and I go straight to the back with her. I remember there being few people on this bus and two boys in the back with us. Everything was going good and I remember one of the boys who was in 8th grade asking me to sit by him and I said yes. All I remember next is him forcefully touching me and putting his hands in my pants, me telling him no, and me begging him to stop but he didn’t, he didn’t stop. I was being molested.  And to make things worse someone recorded it. No one stopped him, no one came to my rescue. I’ll never forget the grin on his face and the color of the phone his friend recorded me off of. It felt like it lasted for hours but it was only a few minutes. I was numb and embarrassed, I didn’t know what to do. I walked off the bus and just stared, I was blank. My uncle came to pick me up and I acted like everything was normal. He asked me how was school and I said good. I came home and went to my room, I was debating if I should tell my grandma or not. After thoughts racing through my head I just told her out of no where later on that day. She was livid, the first thing she did was call my dad. She assured me that everything was going to be alight and that she’ll work everything out. She drove me to school the next day so that she could talk to my principle. I don’t remember what form it was but they had me fill out a form that had something to do with sexual abuse. My principle reassured me that everything would be investigated and taken care of. I assumed he got the boys together that day, talked to them, and suspended them. The next day my grandma told me that I had to ride the bus. I was scared but I knew that, that drive out to the school was too much. I got to the bus stop and stepped on my bus.. everyone was looking at me, so I sat in the very first seat. I started to hear people talking about it and them spreading rumors that I said that he raped me. I remember one girl saying “She’s lying, if you were raped you wouldn’t come back to school.” But I wasn’t lying and I wasn’t raped, I was molested. I was being looked at as this monster and he was being looked at as the victim. I was severely bullied from that moment on. I became angry and started to blame myself. I thought everyday “What if I would have never said anything, everyone would still like me.” I started to hate myself and I felt like I had nothing to live for. I went into this deep dark hole with no escape. The pain that I was feeling was unbearable. I wanted to end my life so bad, and I tried, but I couldn’t get the guts to slit my wrists deep enough for me to bleed out. After a couple weeks people just stopped talking about it and getting through school was somewhat easier but I wasn’t the same anymore. I was this depressed child who was on the verge of suicide. This is when I started to keep a smile on my face to reassure people that I was okay when I was really dead on the inside. Being a victim of something so traumatizing and then having no one believe you is one of the worst feelings ever. He took a part of me that I could never get back. He took my self confidence away from me and my self love. I have honestly never been the same. This is something that I have finally grown to open up about. I want to reassure anyone that has been a victim of rape or molestation that you’re not alone. It takes time for the wounds to heal but when they do, I promise that you’ll be stronger than before.  
Throwaway for obvious reasons. I'm on mobile so sorry for any shitty formatting. I'm also a bit shaken right now so just..bear with me, there are millions of thoughts going through my head at the moment. Apologies, as this will probably be very long.Let me preface this by explaining why I don't think there's any point mentioning it, for now anyway. Despite being pretty disturbed right now, I don't think that incident has affected me in any way. I didn't really remember it for a few years until couple of weeks ago I began recalling it. Even when I pictured it all in my head, it still didn't really occur to me that I was molested. When it finally hit me today, my reaction was something of "oh.. shit..that was sexual assault" sorts. Part of me doesn't want to believe that this even is a big deal. I also suffer from depression from completely unrelated reasons and I'm going through an extremely rough patch at the moment, so I'd rather address the more current issues first as they are actively making me miserable. Anyway, now to the main problem. These are some of the thoughts that are going through my head right now. I discovered sex when I was very young. Talking about 4 years old probably? How it happened, I don't know. I don't know whether it was because I found my dad's porn stash or whatever, but the point is that I had a fairly good idea what sex was. I was a very bright and curious kid so maybe that played a role in it. However, I knew that sex was also something that I probably shouldn't mention to my parents. Again, I don't remember why. Now this is the part when I started freaking out, because why did I think it was something that should NOT be mentioned? Did someone tell me not to? And why did I even become aware of sex at such an early age? This brings me to my next point.I remember very little of my childhood. My brain also somehow developed this coping mechanism that I simply forget some bad things/traumas that happened to me. To give you an example: when my dad left to work in another country I know I went through an extremely traumatic year. I know that because that time period is almost completely blank to me except for a few bad memories. It's as if I've been blackout drunk between the ages of 9 and 10. Another example is, very often after really badly  arguing with my mum I would not be able to recall most of the things that has been said. Sometimes I wouldn't even remember why we fought. That's why I'm again worried. Maybe the assault  happened more often but I just don't remember it? I vividly remember one incident with my cousin. Now, since I was probably around 4-5 at the time it happened ( I honestly don't know exactly, but I must have been very young) then that means he was a child as well. I guess 12? I remember this scene very clearly, and not to go into many details, it was almost an intercourse. Now, I don't even remember him touching me inappropriately besides that. Neither before nor afterwards. He has NEVER shown me that type of interest. Ever ever ever.  Now that I think about it, it seemed more like a curiosity thing. I also remember that nothing actually happened. However, we both knew we couldn't tell my aunt.Besides that one bad memory, I had a normal relationship with my cousin. We hated each others guts and beat the shit out of each other as cousins do. I was a spiteful, annoying little shit and he was a prick. We reconciled when we were older, but we were never close. The age gap was the biggest reason for it. When I was 10, I moved to a different country and since my cousin grew up to be a bigger asshole, we barely have any contact. He actually became a father yesterday and my only reaction was "meh, cool" ( I know, I'm a cold bitch, but I really dont like him). So yeah, that's it. I'm extremely confused. While I'm writing this, I'm going through a wave of emotions. Right now I feel calmed down, because I feel like this one incident seemed more like a child's curiosity and that I overreacted, but I think my view can be a bit skewed on that. I'm still worried about my discovery of sex at such a young age and the fact that I knew I couldn't tell parents.Honestly, I don't know what to think at all at the moment. Was I even molested? Just...what the hell is happening? I'm sort of hoping that you guys will tell me that this isn't actually a biggie and that I completely overreacted. He was a child as well after all. I think I'm mostly angry that for some reason why childish innocence was somehow taken away. A child shouldn't have sexual thoughts at such a young age. I didn't even fully understand it. Even now my train of thought changed, and I feel like that incident did affect me. Just..my head is a fucking mess. Help me Reddit. PS. I should probably make it clear that I have a healthy attitude towards sex, so I don't think that incident affected that part of me anyway.TLDR; When I was about 4 I almost had sexual intercourse with my 12 year old cousin and the reality of it only hit me now like a fucking brick.
Whenever my girlfriend and I talked about our past she always wanted to know about me.  When I would ask about her, she would say that she wants to know about me first, so I start talking.But recently, when she was drunk she disclosed to me that when she was around 8 her older brother and older cousin (male) would finger her and convince her to jerk them off.  I'm not sure if it went further than that, but the way she was talking about it seems like they did.  I asked her how long it went on for and she said "idk like 2 months?".  She doesn't know the full extent of it since later on in life she got into a car crash and lost a large amount of her childhood memories.Disclaimer: I don't know the proper term for this, sexually assaulted, statutory rape, rape. Possibly all of them.I brought it up later on when she was sober and at this point I was freaking out (I know probably a poor a reaction), and she was so calm about it when she said "that bothers you?".  She went on to tell me that her family is really fucked up (female cousin was raped by her father [girlfriend's uncle] and her grandfather was murdered, and her mom is a sociopath) and she doesn't want anyone to grow apart, since she values family so highly and wants whats left to stay together.  As of now she and her brother seem like happy normal siblings from what I can tell (nicknames, teasing, making jokes, etc), but I am fucking livid inside.  I don't see how she just brushes this off as normal and something she has to put behind her if she wants her family to stay together.  Around a week before this she said that if we were going to get into a serious relationship, that I needed to meet her brother, kind of like a "go or no-go" sort of thing before I'm allowed to date her officially.  I told her that I don't want to meet her brother anymore because I wouldn't be able to control myself around him, and I would beat the shit out of him if I met him.  Now she is pissed off at me because she really wanted me to meet him, so we can officially be in a serious relationship I guess.We started talking today, and she didn't even mention it once, even though she remembers the conversation.  She was just happy and joyful like normal, pretending the conversation never even happened.Should I just ignore this like she does or try and bring it up again?  This whole situation is fucked and I have no idea where to begin.  **Additional info**: Her brother is around 4-6 years older than her. Her cousin is probably around the same.  She has only told her female cousin about this (the one who was raped by her father) and now me.  This definitely did happen, its not something foggy cause by amnesia, or made up when she was drunk. We have been dating for almost 4 months and have had sex before, so the sexual assault doesn't affect her in that way.  I tried to post this on /r/relationships but it got removed for rape content.   **tl;dr**: Girlfriend was repeatedly sexually assaulted by her brother/cousin as a child and is completely fine with that.
This happened on a work offsite out of town with one of her coworkers.  She told me he followed her to her room, forced his way in, and took off her clothes and held her down while she wasn't able to do anything to get him off.  I've been reading things about what people in my situation do, including http://www.capefearpsych.org/documents/Rape-mensguide.pdf but I just feel like I need to be able to talk back and forth because right now I'm pingponging between considering ways to find him and beat the shit out of him to the point he won't ever fully recover (at the very least) and despairing over what she had to endure.I feel scared hurt sad angry and overpowered. I'm trying to put on a tough front so I can help her as best as possible but I'm intensely upset about this. (Obviously a throwaway. She doesn't want me to talk to anyone about it because she doesn't want it getting out more but I'm having a very hard time just letting go immediately)What do I do. How can I help her?  Is there any way I can make the fucker pay without hurting her or her career? She wouldn't ever forgive me if I did anything but that's all I want to to do. But for her sake I probably won't.  I guess I just need advice.
I will try to keep this as brief as possible - I am really struggling to wrap my head around what happened.This all started when I woke up in a coworkers bed out of town following a night of partying (he works for the same company but in another state where I happened to be that weekend). I was devastated and confused by what had happened and memories of the night were spotty. I definitely could have made better choices (drank less, not been there with a coworker I have only met twice in work environments) however, I have never had a one night stand and had a serious boyfriend who I never would have thought I was capable of cheating on.I went home and started to lose weight, would get off work and go straight to bed and cry, I felt awful. I sank into a deep depression. I was a few days away from seeing my long distance boyfriend and the guilt was eating me alive. I called him and told him I slept with someone and he immediately ended our relationship. I started going to therapy because I was so torn up about what happened and confused because I thought I would never cheat.Even in therapy I kept focusing on how I cheated. After two months of feeling terrible, I realized I hadn't let myself really think about the events of that night. It was like that whole weekend was a dream. I forced myself to think about what I was feeling that night. I remember being so afraid, I remember him grabbing me, choking me, I remember rolling away to try to go to sleep and him saying "No!" and rolling me back over, I remember just wanting it to be over, and wanting to say no or fight back but feeling like I was too afraid and literally couldn't. I woke up with bruises.When I went back through what I remembered from that night I had a lightbulb moment. Growing up I had several experiences where my dad choked me and it always happened when I would say "no" and stand up for myself. This and other negative experiences in childhood through college have left me with a lingering fear of men in general coupled with an extreme need of validation. I have only had one rule I always state before being intimate with anyone and it is DO NOT TOUCH MY NECK. The fact that I didn't state that indicates to me that I was not able to consent. When he choked me it was like my "no" was taken away. I was so scared I froze. It felt like an out of body experience, like disassociation? Interestingly, the only dreams I remember are recurring and one I have had as long as I can remember is a man grabbing me and I try to scream and no sound comes out, and I try to fight back but my body doesn't even move. This felt like the real life experience of that dream.I was encouraged to tell these details to my ex-boyfriend. His reply was basically, "you expect me to believe that you couldn't say no or fight back?" with a tone that implied I was full of BS. He has since apologized very kindly but stated that he does not want to be in a relationship with me. I guess I just need to know if I am being ridiculous? Does this make sense to anyone? Was this sexual assault? When someone suggested that it was it was like everything made sense to me for the first time sense it happened. I still feel so terrible and am struggling to get through the day, on top of losing the person I thought was the love of my life over this.
SoooI've been living with this dude for years, we've been friends for even longer. I'm pretty shit at saying no to those I care about, so various things happened I wasn't comfortable with. For a fairly extended period of time, we were having sex- it started one drunk night back in highschool. Since then I tried to pull away, but sucked at it and he'd get distraught. I caught him trying to cut himself once after an argument. I was pretty horrified at the idea of him hurting himself and basically humored him from then on. I wasn't really into it though, and when he'd try and initiate I'd pull away, I'd try and laugh it off, I'd make excuses, I'd try and leave. When it did happen it was mostly a "think of england" moment, and often I found myself internally counting it as bought time where he'd not try and initiate again. As time went on (see: I grew up a bit) I got more and more frustrated and more and more confident in saying "no". I'd physically remove his hands from my body, I'd tell him to stop. He would, for about five minutes, then he'd go right back to groping. In most cases he'd grind me down until I would roll over and try and pretend I wanted it, for my own sake, mostly. At the time I didn't really look at it 100% what it was. There were other issues and other fights, and I knew he was needy in a lot of ways. I didn't think, or let myself believe, that he knew what he was doing was wrong. I called a stop to it finally for good a fair chunk of time ago. I still wasn't really acknowledging his actions for what they had been, but I was finally able to put the distance between us that I'd been craving for years. All well and good, except just recently he opened up to me about it. He told me that he'd known what he was doing was wrong, and he'd been afraid I'd turn around and call the cops on him one day. He got it all off his chest which was nice for him- it's obvious in retrospect that it'd been eating at him. Because of our friendship and emotional heightening and many many years of being the soother of both his ego and his temper, my instincts set be back to soothing and coddling. I assured him I didn't hate him, and I wasn't going to press charges or anything. And honestly, I don't hate him really. I know he's not good for my mental health, and I know he's been pressuring me on various topics and actions for years, but I just can't bring myself to hate him. He's kind of just... there? Does that make sense? I've been living with him for so long, navigating his temper and our conflicts just feels like daily life. The main thing, however- his confession hit me pretty hard, especially in the days following. It's been about a week now, and this disconnect I'd had from the actions kind of broke down at least in part. I spent the next day in bed sobbing, and I've moved most of my things to my bedroom since. It took me a good while to "realize" last, too- I was pushed into sex at 15 with a guy who said he loved me and wouldn't take no for an answer. What I'm worried about is reacting the same way as I did then- I cried for a week and then shut down emotionally, and spent the next two years in a emotionally disconnected lethargic and often apathetic haze. That's when I smoked pot, that's when my grades went from top 10-20% to a fail, and that's when I considered dying in a passive sense- I didn't care enough to end anything, I just wanted to sleep- but I did stop checking traffic properly and stopped taking care of myself. Already I am feeling a bit "cold" inside- I'm going to go check my options for counselling this week but it's quite likely I will not have access for long, due to financial reasons. I've asked two close friends who live with me to keep an eye on me for the same kinds of patterns. I just don't want to go back.**TL:DR** just came to terms with an extended period of molestation and coercion coming from a trusted source, many years after my first rape experience. Don't want to lose grips on myself again. Counselling is expensive.Does anyone know of any good online free/cheap resources/services? I know it's not ideal, but if it comes down to it I'll use what I can to stem the tide I'm anticipating.Also, sorry for the alt and the vague details; person involved is a redditor and honestly I've given enough away that if he stumbles across this he'll know it's me already 
It's a long story, one that can't be gone into in a medium like this. So I'll leave it to the negative. My exgirlfriend and I split more than 6 months ago, though it's not clear who left who. The breakup was almost as spectacular as our relationship was. We were together for nearly 5 months, though in total time it was probably less due to the time we spent in relationship limbo, not broken up, but not exactly together. She was borderline, and I was immature.It was fiery, it was emotional, it was a roller coaster, and it was emotionally abusive. But most of all, it was addictive. Six months on, and I am still finding myself incapable of forming even a crush on someone - it feels like I have to convince myself that it's okay to like someone else now.But this is not the worst part. The worst part was two separate events. The first time, she went into a depressive state and decided that we should just be friends... after much pleading, I finally accepted it and we met to drink. She allowed me to stay the night, as it was late. I quickly found after seeing her for the first time in nearly a week, especially with alcohol as an aid, that this was impossible for me, and I confessed so to her. At first she dismissed me, but when it became clear to her that I was serious and not trying to manipulate her, she began to manipulate me.She crawled into my bed, stating that if we had sex one last time, I would forget about it and we could just be friends. Even I, mad and lovestruck as I was, could realize how horrible this logic was. But still she forced her way on me, groping me no matter how many times I told her I didn't want sex, that tonight wasn't the right night. Finally she just stopped talking, I said my piece, and gave in. As soon as the sex was over, she showered, and went right back to her own bed, having decided that we were to just be friends after all.The next time, it was perhaps two months later. We had had an extremely stressful day, and been fighting constantly. We arrived at where we were traveling, but the fight only grew larger. Soon enough she started groping me and trying to undress me. I had to physically restrain her to keep her away from me, and every time I let go of her hands she would find another way to molest me. Eventually, as I thought this would be the last night we would be together, I gave in. I remember thinking, "may as well get one last fuck in."Two months later, we are discussing fantasies. She tells me that she has a rape fantasy, and I tell her that that's one I'm not comfortable in indulging. She then proceeds to blame me for what happened that night when she molested me!I don't even know what to call this. I'm glad it's over, I am ashamed of how I acted and thought, and I don't ever want to go back... but a part of me does. Were these events rape, sexual assault, an abusive girlfriend, or just poor decisions? If it was rape... why don't I feel traumatized? Why do I feel somewhat okay with it?Perhaps because the energy of those sexual encounters so perfectly matched the energy of our relationship. Perhaps because the intensity was the kind of intensity we always had, so it doesn't feel any different. But even then, why do I still feel so attached to it? It is like it doesn't hurt me, but I can't let go of it either. All I can feel is disgusted at what I did... I'm not even sure how to end this because I'm not even sure what I feel. And it's 6 months now... I should feel okay. I don't. Why not?
Throwaway because I have friends who know my reddit username.My boyfriend and I have a pretty happy relationship, but he seems to have a huge problem with listening to anything I say (as far as deal breakers etc, although this may be somewhat my fault for being a doormat). For example, when we first started dating it took him almost a full year to stop talking to his ex-fiance although he knew it made me uncomfortable. It was pretty clear to me that she still had feelings for him of some sort. I don't care if my significant others are friends with their ex's as long as that ex is respectful of our relationship. She was not. Constantly saying she loved him etc blah blah blah.He also had a huge spending problem. We live really modestly, and we both worked. He moved in with me pretty soon after dating because he was having housing issues. However every time he got paid he would not contribute to bills, rent, or food, but instead buy himself video games, music gear, etc. This maybe stemmed from him growing up super wealthy? I don't really know. For about two years. Until I had a nervous breakdown because of it and couldn't even go to work anymore because of the pressure I felt. I suffer from clinical depression and anxiety, among other various things. But these are the main two that I deal with daily.So fast forward to now, he works, I work, financially we are stable, he doesn't go behind my back and talk to exgf's I feel uncomfortable with, and we are pretty happy. We went to counseling for a while together and individually and worked on a lot of our issues together. We are really close, best friends, have a lot of fun spending time together and generally he makes me very happy.However, he has developed a new bad habit. It seems like every time we fix one issue in our relationship, another arises. I'm no saint either, but that is for a different post.He gropes at me. Constantly. Literally almost every second we are alone together, he is grabbing at my ass or grabbing at me in general. I feel like a mother with a toddler, that is the amount of touching and grabbing I am experiencing. I feel completely turned off from him sexually because all he does is grab at me and sex is no longer enjoyable for me at all because I am exhausted from having to push him away the entire rest of the day when I am with him. He has also started rubbing against me and dry humping me and grabbing at me and putting his hands down my pants while I am sleeping. I can't even feel comfortable sleeping in my own bed. I have very very sternly and aggressively confronted him about this. I have even gotten into huge fights about it, crying hysterically, explaining to him that it is very traumatic for me ESPECIALLY because I am a survivor of an abusive relationship which included me being raped and sexually assaulted repeatedly at a young age (15).He does not seem to respond or care. He will apologize all day about it and then as soon as the sun sets and it's evening, he is right back at it. I don't know what to do. I don't really want to leave him? But I know this makes him sound awful and like I probably should... he is over all a really fun, nice, caring person. He just latches on to one thing at a time to be awful about? Help!tl;dr: My otherwise perfect boyfriend consistently latches onto one awful facet of his personality at a time, and repeatedly hurts me by acting out in that way. Currently he has been constantly grabbing at me (non-consensual) and also has been sexually assaulting me in my sleep by putting his hands down my pants. It's making me feel disgusting and I don't even want his hands near me anymore. What do I do?edit for formatting.
Hello, /r/rape!Recently in /r/MensLib we learned about the Florida Dream Center, America's first shelter for male survivors of sex trafficking. Once the shelter is built, the State of Florida will fund 80% of their operations - but they still need around $100,000 to get the project off the ground, so we're spreading the word to drive donations to what we think is a very worthwhile cause. If you're interested, please check out [our post](https://www.reddit.com/r/MensLib/comments/3pj35d/action_alert_lets_contribute_to_the_dream_center/) on the topic, and contribute if you can!Many thanks to the /r/rape mods for allowing us to share this with your community.
I posted this to r/legaladvice to get some insight, but I really would appreciate anything you guys have to say, too. Please help me out here. I'm so confused.Lawyers and prosecutors of reddit I need some help in understanding what happened and what I should do because I feel like I am going crazy. I live in Ohio, if that changes things at all. This post will be lengthy but I feel like writing it all out might help me and then I really want any and all insight as to what I should do. Please help me. I am at a loss as to where to go from now. I'm going to change a few details here and there (names, dates, etc.) to protect my identity but the facts are the sameFor starters I [F] am 20 years old. The male ("Sam") is 22 years old. I know Sam through social media. We have been talking for months  daily, FaceTiming, etc. and just constantly talking all the time. Our conversations never really 'ended' because of how often we talked. We became very close. He has family up near me (northern Ohio) but he goes to college in southern Ohio. We have few mutual friends but last week was the first time we had hung out one-on-one. He was coming up to Northern Ohio on his fall break to see his family and told me he wanted to see me. We had decided on getting coffee, but things didn't work out and he ended up getting in N. Ohio later than expected, so we decided on a movie night.Prior to him coming, I have explicitly told him over and over we are NOT having sex. Several times.  He said that was fine.So anyway, he comes up here and meets my roommate (I live in an apartment with 1 roommate). Everything is fine. He's very touchy and a few times I tell him to cut it out. Nothing I thought I couldn't handle.  We start watching movies and we are making out. He tries to touch me and I tell him to stop. I say "hands!" a lot, and he jokingly puts his hands up and stops, but then returns to touching and groping me. This happens a lot, and then he proceeds to choke me for a few seconds. He stops. He whispers over and over "you're mine, this is all mine!" and is kissing me.I know. I should have kicked him out then. But I liked him and I thought I could handle it.He continuously tries to take my clothes off all night, I tell him no, he stops. We fall asleep around 11PM. I wake up at 3AM still in my clothes, but he is naked. I don't remember him taking his clothes off before falling asleep. He wakes up shortly after me and we start making out again. He gets on top of me and tries to take my pants off. I say over and over, "NO. NO. NO." and he gets my pants down to my knees. He tries to kiss me down my body and perform oral sex. I try and push him off me, but he pins my hands at my side. He made me tell him that I'm his. He bites my inner thighs a lot. I tell him "Yes, I'm yours". He made me say that everything is his (as in my body is 'his'), and so I did. He tried to put himself inside me several times but I would squeeze my legs together and tell him, "NO." and this continues for what seems like hours, but probably was only 10-15 minutes.He still is choking me in 10-15 second intervals and whispering in my ears, "You know you want it. You're wet. You want this. Just five seconds. Just let me put it in for five seconds baby." And eventually, I still say no, but I stop squeezing my legs together. I just gave up... (Does that qualify as consent?) I didn't say yes, but I stopped saying "No."After five seconds, he pulls out and ejaculates on my stomach. I told him to grab a towel and wipe off and then I wipe myself off and we go back to sleep.8AM comes around and I wake up because my roommate leaves for class. Me and Sam decide to get breakfast. I felt a little...weird. But I wrote it off as me over reacting. Sam says something along the lines of, "Yeah, my dad makes 6 figures every year, but blows it on hookers because he's a sex addict! I guess that's where I get my sex drive from!!" and this struck me as odd but I ignored him. I tell him I ned to take a shower and he asks to come with me. I told him "No, I need to get ready." and he begs and begs so I let him.We get into the bathroom and I have bruises on my neck and chest and legs from him grabbing and biting me and I feel sick. He tells me, "I Had to mark you up so people know you're mine!" and I feel gross, but again, I ignore it and we get in the shower. He says, "You marked me up too, see!" and points to a hickey (a small, lone hickey from when we were making out) on his neck and a scratch on his back. He continues to try and have sex with me in the shower. I push him off me and tell him no a lot. He pins me against the shower wall and chokes me and grabs between my legs and is shoving his fingers inside me and trying to get me to agree. He's rubbing his penis against me. I shove him off me and get out of the shower. We go get breakfast. I feel gross. I hate myself.We get back from breakfast. He comments how my roommate isn't home. I say, "Yeah, she's at class until 3PM." We go back to my bedroom to get his stuff so he can leave. He pushes me on my bed and says, "We've played by your rules now we're going to play by mine." and pulls my clothes off. He pushes himself inside me. I told him "no, stop, STOP. LOOK AT ME. STOP." And he didn't. He tells me to talk dirty to him. I do. Or things I think are dirty. I have only had sex with one guy prior to this and it was very vanilla and innocent and so I just did what he told me to do. He flops over next to me and asks, "Did you finish!?" I say "No.. did you!?" And he goes "Yeah". I said "Where!?" And he goes "Inside you, duh." And I go numb. He  did not wear a condom. For some reason I didn't even think of telling him to. And I start panicking. He goes, "Well, I know you're on th epill, so it doesn't matter!" And I'm telling him, "I need to get ready for work. You need to go. You need to leave."So eventually he leaves. I go in my bathroom and cry for hours. I text  my best friend and tell him what happened because I felt like I was overreacting. I was going to take a shower but I didn't. I try and go to work but I have a panic attack in the parking lot.I didn't know at the time, but my best friend texted my boss at work (they're friends) and told her he was coming to get me to take me to the hospital. I go into work and break down and tell her everything and she pulls me into a room and we wait until my friend gets there.I get a rape kit done at the hospital. Now the cops are involved and my parents know and they want to kill him.Sam texted me a few days after asking if I hated him. I basically got him to admit a few things. The texts say:ME: Do you remember me saying NO?Him: YesME: do you remember me telling you STOP?Him: Yes.ME: Why did you ignore me?Him: I got caught up in the moment I guess. I'm sorry. I'm sick to my stomach over this.And then I also got him to  tell me what happened, from my perspective, and how I feel. He told me, "You feel victimized by me. You feel violated by me. You felt completely out of your own control because I ignored you and didn't listen when you said no."Everyone is waiting for me to make a decision whether or not to press charges. I feel like this is my fault.Reddit, just help me out here please. Please talk me through this and what I can do. - Was this rape? Do I have a case? Do those texts basically incriminate him? By me letting him and doing what he said ... is that consent?Any and all insight is appreciated completely. And if I'm unclear on something, let me know and I will answer everything. I am a little scatter brained right now and I'm typing a mile a minute so I hope it's not too jumbled. Thank you in advance. 
Original post here: https://www.reddit.com/r/rape/comments/3l45yc/originally_in_relationships_was_told_to_move_it/TLDR: My friend's fiance invited me out, assaulted me and I kept it from my friend for a year.I finally told my friend the truth and she didn't believe me. She accused me of always making things up and lying. Basically, our friendship is really and truly over because of what her fiance did.
I asked her why she didn't tell her parents or the police about what happened. She said that back in 8th grade she was forced into doing stuff by someone much older than her, and when she told her parents they didn't really try and do anything about it. So now she's telling me all of this because it's bothering her, and I want to know if there's anything that can be done at this point. I can tell her parents are of no use as they don't care about her only about their needs, so I want to try and be of as much help to her as possible. 
Our relationship is relativly young, a bit longer than 2 months.Never the less, I'm the first person she ever talked to about that, about 2 weeks after I told her about my depressions and that I'm going to therapy because of it. She never told her parents nor her friendsShe told me that it happened from her 3. to her 6. years. She had quite a few "smart" techniques for that no one notices her bruises for example did she always insist on bath alone and what not. The person who did that was, if she remembers correctly was working for the kindergarten. He pulled them into a small hut and made sure they will not scream of tell their parents (I will specify on this later) Then they, or at least my girlfriend, had to strip naked and he would hit her.  One time a child told his parents and they asked the kindergarten about it, they told that they didn't witness anything and apologized for the trouble and that they will through an eye on it, but I don't know ifWell that was, what she told me first and that she has been having nightmares about a year ago and was waking up shaking and with the urge to vomit (she developed a bulemic eating disorder but doesn't do it anymore) or she would use all types of medics she was able to find in her house. anything happened, at least she didn't tell me anythingLater on I witnessed it first hand that she was waking up shakingly and I consoled her which worked quite well, I guess she's just been trough that quite a few times but it got worse.Even though she insists, that it's not as bad as it has been when she had the eating disorder but it still looks horrible to me. Well after a few times I had to console her after waking up, she started to have daydreams about it. She was wide awake but she told me she could see him, hear his voice and feel the beating.Moreover what she dreamed about changed, before, it was "only" him beating her but one time she dreamed about him raping her.A few weeks later it happened the first time, that the nightmares started once she drifts asleep. I tried to wake her because the way she twitched was awful to see, but it was really hard and only after almost screaming her name she opened her eyes again. I was afraid to actually shake her or anything because I don't want to hurt her or make it even worse. She told me that this was new too and that she could actually feel every hit and that was exactly what it looked like. Still she insisted that it was by far not as bad as it has been a year ago and that me helping hear and listening to her, the fact that she could talk to me about it helped her more than she could describe. Even though most time, when anything "new" happens in her dreams she would not talk about it but write it down for me to read.The last thing she told me was that she dreamed about her punishment for screaming. That he would mute them by stuffing their mouth either with objects or... yeah I'm fucking shaking and have a queasy stomache writing about that. Moreover he told her that when she would tell her parents they would hate her and that it's all her fault. When she tried to hide on the playground he would tell her "You can't hide from me, I will always find you!"That was what hit me the most. What she told me before she has been hit I was fucking angry but it wasn't specific enough for me to create a picture in my mind (Not that I want to, but it's just the way my brain works) but the sentences he told these children and the way he manipulated her and abused them. It fucking disgusts me to no end. And I can't get these fucking pictures out of my head of him forcing her to... when she tries to scream.Another additive Information I want to give is, that she didn't have a serious relationship before and was a "virgin" (I don't know how to put it but I hope you understand)She told me at the beginning and I made sure that she didn't do anything, she doesn't want to, even though I didn't know to what extend these experiences still haunted her. All I knew that it was all new for her and I wanted her to experiece everything at her speed.When we first got intimate she started shaking but was still smiling and telling me that she doesn't feel unwell but can't stop shaking so I stopped there and we just cuddled. This happened a few times, but the shaking stopped and we proceeded to get more intimate and eventually have sex which we both enjoyed. I can not stress enough how I always told her that she could tell me if she feels unwell and we would stop right there. Well however since she told me about her past and since it's getting worse and worse I can not stop thinking about it being my fault. That I shouldn't have slept with her and that she was slowly overtaken by her past because me having sex with her. I told her these concerns and she told me that this is not true, but the thought still haunts me.Quite a jump in topic but I want to tell everything which may be informative. When I try to console her I'm absolutly calm and tell her with the softest voice I have that there's no one there beside me and that I will never hurt her, I tell her to focus on my voice and to breath calmly, inhale deep and exhale. Sometimes I would completly change the topic and tell her a funny story, as she told me that this helped her too.Topic change: At one point I got her to write anonymously to a site for women who have experienced similar stories, as she told me she does not wan't to go to therapy, for that she fears they would tell her parents or that they would put her in a clinic. I told her that this won't occur, since psychologists/therapists are only allowed to do that when she's an actual threat for herself or her fellows. However the site wasn't the one I recommended her but another one and the answear she recieved was pretty fucking useless. I didn't read it myself, as I told her that I don't want her to do this for me and report back about it, but for herself, for that she would feel better eventually. What she told me is, that in their answear they told her that it's good for her to have someone she can talk to, but sooner or later we will seperate and she will eventually die if she doesn't seek therapy.I told my therapist about it and she told me that I did everything as she would have done. That I consoled her, stayed calm, didn't tell anyone and made sure for her to know, that I'm always there for her. Moreover I told her, that I told my gf that if she actually seeks for therapy she should do it for herself and not because I told her to. A therapy doesn't work if she does not engage in it, plus my gf told me that she could never tell anyone about that whom she doesn't trust as much as she trusts me.My therapist told me that this is right, but a little push in the right direction might help. But I feel unwell about forcing her into therapy. What if the outcome is as bad as it has been with the internet site?How can I help her, if she doesn't want to go to therapy? What should I do when it gets even worse? How can I not think about the pictures in my head all the time and stop being angry about her rapist? At the moment she's out of town, she told me about the punisment for screaming about a day before she flew away and she will come back at friday, which is when we'll see us again as I take her home from the airport. What should I do if she initiates sex? Because I actually think I can not forget these pictures and don't want to have sex with her at the moment.But on the other hand, if the thinks her thoughts are to much of a burden for me, I'm afraid that she will not tell me everything anymore as she tries to save me from her past. I simply don't know what to do once she comes back. If I tell her about my concerns, she might not tell me everything anymore.If I tell her to seek therapy and it doesn't help her I will feel bad for the rest of my life.If I just let things be as they are it will eventually become too much for me to handle. Sorry for potential mistakes as english is not my native language. This did not happen in USA. Sorry for the wall of text I just wanted to write everything which potentially helps to understand my situation.
I'm currently 20 [m] years old, and have been diagnosed with various dissociative disorders. I contemplate suicide almost daily. I dont need advice to this however, I just want your thoughts on a experience that i had recently. After injecting myself with some THC, i usually feel normal, i want to eat food again, and i can relax and enjoy simple things and et cetera. If i inject too much THC, i can get weird and even recover some "missing" memories. Some are cute, and happy, while sometimes they can be disturbing moments of my life, and i dont know if this is fiction or not, but in the memory i was touched against my will. She was a couple of years older than me, i think i was maybe six or five, im not sure how old she was. I do remember however that she was blond, and liked wearing skirts. Memories are slowly coming to me, and its really hard taking it all in.I honestly dont have a clue why i suffer from various dissociative disorder, but i feel that this might have a connection to it
When I was 12 things were hard at home because my brother had dyslexia and my parents focused on helping him with his homework. I was being regularly bullied or excluded from my peergroup so I just did my homework and stuff. One day around autumn I stayed late at school because I didn't want to go home for... reasons I can't remember. I'm 20 now, and I barely remember this incident, but I know it happened. Someone who claimed they were a substitute teacher asked me if I could help with move some books to the library. Since all my teachers were kind people, I'd learnt to be kind in return. I said yes and followed him, fully intending to have a nice conversation, maybe ask for homework help just be a kid. As it turns out I was... assaulted, although my memory doesn't let me tell to what degree, I get headaches. I just know I was because, evidence and, the feelings on my skin sometimes. I didn't say anything. I went home, and took a cold as hell shower in some childish hope that I would get sick. Incidentally I did, but that's because I have a shitty immune system, not due to the shower. I went two years without saying a word, and when I did, my parents were crushed. My dad said I should try to remember as much as I could but I got headaches so they stopped. The reason I'm here now, posting is because I don't feel like I'm reacting like I should. I was 12, its been 8 years I should still feel something I just went numb. I didn't feel... anything I was logical, I did my homework, I worked hard, I laughed I smiled, I remember feeling so numb for years and years, just nothing and now I'm not sure if I did experience anything, I know I did but I'm not like the books, or the movies, or the support line. I'm in perpetual neutral gear, I have extreme feelings but I'm... scared in a way that, I've gone mad, and the reason I can't remember it is because its just me being mad, never happened. Then I remember bits and pieces and I know, but I still... I should be feeling more, I should be reacting more shouldn't I? I'm fine today, I have a fantastic boyfriend, I'm at university, I've got friends, I'm going to be an author but there's this feeling in the back of my mind that I'm not reacting or I haven't accepted it or something silly... I don't know. I haven't told anyone this I felt like anonymous (to a degree at least) would help... I bet this all sounds really stupid but, I need some advice... or kind words.
I'm not sure what to feel or call what happened to me. Is this rape, molestation, sexual abuse/harassment..? It's about a decade after this all happened to me, but I think I want to seek out some support for what happened and get it off my chest.I posted this in another sub as well, but basically the gist is this:"I also once was basically forced by my stepbrother when I was in elementary school to do things to him sexually and he taunted me for years after reminding me about it. One day a few years after this I told a close friend about what happened to me and she suggested that I tell my mom about it, so I agreed and I did. My mom, while she clearly seemed upset, was just like "well are you over it now?" and I guess I didn't know what to say to that, so I just said "yes, I guess..." She asked me if I had told anyone else and I told her that I told my friend and she acted really embarrassed and told me that I shouldn't tell anyone else this at all and that it needs to be kept a secret, and that she wouldn't be telling my stepfather even because it would ruin his relationship with his son. So nothing came out of it besides my mom making it so I had to sleep in a different room than my cousins when I would sleep over there even though none of them did anything, so I felt like I was punished for something I was the victim of. To this day, I really do not know how to feel about any of this. On one hand, I feel like my mom was just embarrassed about it and didn't want to be an adult and do what was necessary. On the other hand, I feel like if she had, my whole family would have found out and hated me for tearing it all apart or something."To clarify, because I didn't post this information in the recap above, my stepbrother made me give him a handjob and blowjob. His taunts went on for quite some time afterwards, and were basically like, "you're a dick sucker" etc... I cannot remember the exact year of my life it all happened, but I'd put it about around the time I was 10 and my brother 13. However, a couple times randomly when my brother was in his late teens/early 20s, he also brought up what happened like "hey do you remember" to taunt me.
The entire story, the story of my rape, would take hours, days, to tell. So I'll be brief: When I was 16, I was drugged, and raped, by a guy who I knew, who I had, briefly, dated for a short while, and had had sex with numerous times before this incident occurred.I didn't tell anyone, about what had happened, and allowed the memory of this event to consume me, like a drug. When I was 18, I ended up in a relationship with someone who was very manipulative and preyed upon me, because I was in a very emotionally vulnerable state. I was very, very underweight, and my Body Mass Index was just above the number that indicates anorexia, by definition. My BMI was 17.9, and this was after I had started eating and gaining weight, in this new relationship. I confided in this person, and he insisted I tell my mother what had happened, so finally, I did, and she didn't want to have it, period. My father, knew, I assume, because my mother told him. We never discussed it, directly. Though, one night, he sat next to me as I was bawling on the sofa, and he said, "I'm gonna wring that son of a bitch's neck," and he RARELY swore in that way unless he was REALLY angry, and he put his arm around me and that meant the universe.  For months, my mother called me a liar, and would get angry and call me a slut, say I made up the story or I would've told someone by now, etc etc etc. I was crushed.So, this person I was in the relationship with, right, he wanted to act like he was so fucking supportive and all this shit. Like I said, he preyed on me, and I fell right into his bullshit web of lies and manipulative shit. He asked me, at one point, after 2-3 months of our relationship, after I moved in with him and his mother, at 18, because of my mother and how she kept on about the rape, he asked me to do something with him that I was not at all comfortable with, and I had a total mental breakdown. He reacted very poorly and left me alone in the bedroom to mentally snap, and basically said, "Fuck this, I'm going to sleep on the sofa." I should have left then, and realized this dude was an asshole. Anyway. We were together for years, years that he spent treating me like shit, giving me a horrible black eye, calling me a slut, putting his hands on me, on a regular basis, let's see... He would choke me, throw me to the floor, call me a bitch, a fatass, etc. He used my eating disorder against me, and he used the knowledge about my rape in order to HURT ME. He got angry with me at one point, and told me, "All you'll ever be is a rape victim, that's all you are now, you are tainted, and you will always be a rape victim." And that, obviously, really hurt me. How could I forgive someone who would say this shit, even in anger? Not to mention the other shit he did to me.Anyway.We split up, and I ended up in another shitty relationship but got the fuck out of that one as soon as it got that way, or rather, I realized this dude was also a fucking asshole.So. Now. I'm living with a really decent guy. We're looking to move into an apartment, rent a house, whatever, really soon. He's polite, well mannered, and I have explained all of the above, and then some, to him, and he is very understanding of it all, in the way that it is never mentioned, but if I bring it up to vent, any of this shit, he is a patient, silent listener. But I don't talk about it a lot, and it's not held over my head to use as leverage in an argument, right? So I don't have that fear of it being used against me, the sheer fact, that when I was much younger, someone fucking raped me. Now that I'm away from someone who CONSTANTLY reminded me of the rape, I don't even THINK ABOUT IT, anymore. I did wake up at 8am this morning, and that being the time I woke up at this guy's "house" the morning after he raped me, that's a significant thing for me, and it's hard to control that, you know, I was diagnosed at 17 with severe PTSD, but did not tell the shrink I had been raped. I don't really regret not seeking mental help. But I regret sticking with someone who only threw this up in my face and reminded me of something shitty that happened to me, and that destroyed my fucking life. Now, I don't even think about it.Today someone said something like, "That'll make anybody run faster." I said, "Everybody runs really fast when a serial rapist is chasing them through the woods," and we all laughed about the comment. Rape is not a "bad" word anymore, to me. It's something that happened to me that happened, and I can't change it, but I have actually begun to feel sorry for my rapist, and I definitely don't believe that monsters like him are born, but I believe they are made, and I think the factors that made him into a rapist are numerous, but his mother's hardcore religion that he rebelled against, his sister's success, his failure, his parents' favoritism that was shown towards his older and younger two sisters, his parent's eventual divorce, mom's new man, dad's new woman, his dad going into bankruptcy, etc. All of that was hard for him, I feel like, and I feel sorry for him. It must suck to live knowing you raped a 16 year old girl after you drugged her and told her, "No one's going to hear you scream," but you know, like I said, I have virtually no thoughts about my rape, unless it's specifically brought up or whatever, and I don't mind talking about it. I am in a sexual relationship now that I am comfortable in, and it's completely different from the relationship I had with my ex.I don't want to be treated like damaged goods. But I don't want a man to treat me like a fucking dog, either.I just wanted to let you all know, if you're in a relationship and having a hard time with sex or something, there is hope. Time didn't heal my issues, but getting the fuck away from an asshole sure did. If you need to talk about it, talk to someone, but goddamn, not someone who's going to judge you or anything like that for something that someone DID to YOU that YOU cannot change and YOU did not ask for. So.Any of you with questions or anything, feel free to ask, message me, comment, etc. Or if you need advice, or someone to talk to, I'm here for whoever.I remember a time in my life when I could not sleep without the lights on, when I could not sleep in my own bed, when I was afraid to sleep because of the nightmares I had and the thoughts in my head. I remember a time when watching couples hold hands made me nervous, men looking at me, even passing by, made me want to be sick. I remember a time when I was so unbelievably mentally ill, I wished he'd have killed me, too, not just raped me and let me live with the thought.But it all got better. And it's all okay now.And I wish the best for all of you, and I want you all to know I read lots of your stories and my heart breaks, and I hope one day you'll all have a story like mine, and overcome a shitty person doing a shitty thing to you, and truly speed over the "I got over it" bridge in the fucking racecar going 120 MPH, because goddamn it felt so good to finally be able to think to myself, AFTER ALL THIS TIME, I FINALLY, AM FREE.I'll be keeping you all in my thoughts. So just know, you're not the only person out there who feels the way you do or has ever felt that way. And I'm rooting for ya. 
Now this is not for everyone. It is a realistic fiction book a friend of mine told me about. It is a story of a girl who was raped and how she goes and handles everything at her own pace. I have had over a year of healing from when i was raped so this is more of a read to just understand that i am not alone but it might not be ok for someone to read soon after being assaulted. The book is "Just Listen" by Sarah Dessen. This has been a really good book to read but also very emotional. Thought i would share that because i feel like reading this book has helped me face some stuff i had not been able to before.
Basically I was at the subway station and some guy grabbed/groped my ass and then ran away. Amazingly, against the odds we found him.On average, the perpetrator gives about 5000 dollars (5,000,000￦ as I am in Korea) in these types of cases to settle. That is how much I originally asked for, but the perp is apparently swamped in debt (about 107,000 dollars) and has a low paying job. He said if he sells out on insurance, the most he can give me is a measly 490 dollars.**If I don't settle:*** He will become "red lined" as we call it in Korea, which basically means he has something on his permanent criminal record. People who are "red lined" often have difficulty finding employment, get fired, etc.* I receive no compensation.* He will be fined by the country. If the fine is over 2000 dollars, his employer will be notified and he will likely be fired. The fine is likely 3000 dollars.* If he doesn't pay the 3000 dollars (he probably can't), he will go to jail for 1 year.**If I DO settle:*** I receive 490 dollars. I'm not after his money or anything, but I feel like he is trying to get off too easy, even though I know his financial situation. He is basically asking for mercy and a lot of understanding from someone he sexually assaulted.* He will not be red lined.* He will most likely not be fined and will not go to prison.**Things to note:*** He could be lying about his financial situation to get off easy. He seems genuinely poor, but of course he could be a good actor. I cannot investigate his financial situation and cannot ask the police to (they have to have sufficient reason to have a warrant).* He is always trying to play the sympathy card. While I do feel bad for him (he is crying and begging on the phone), my boyfriend is adamant that I should only think about my side as a victim and asks me why I should worry about the situation of the perpetrator.* I am very annoyed because I really did not want to see him or hear his voice, but he asked the police for a phone call with me to "apologize." I declined and felt uncomfortable, but he insisted until the police officer called me (twice) while I was at school and I was pressured to take a phone call with him. He did apologize, but mostly, he begged me to settle and not press charges, that he was drunk and made a mistake. He played the sympathy card, saying he has a wife and his financial situation is very bad. I feel that he is trying to "guilt" me in a way, which is ridiculous because he's the perp, not me. He tried to convince me the whole time and I am angry that he pressured me into a phone call that I am uncomfortable with just so he can try to play up my sympathies and get me to settle.* Although these tactics do annoy me, he honestly seems dumb and doesn't think through a lot of his actions. He does seem to be in a very desperate situation (if he is red lined it is safe to assume his life is ruined, and his life seems kinda shitty to start with). He is probably not trying to manipulate me, but rather to beg me and beg for forgiveness.* I don't want his whole life ruined, but I also don't believe 490 dollars (not even 10% of the average compensation) is enough for him to really be "punished" for his crime. The objective of the settlement money is not only compensation but also a "punishment" of sorts.* I'm honestly not too affected by what happened. I don't think I'm entitled to a great amount of money because I'm not traumatized or anything, but I don't want him getting off "easy" because I want to be sure he learns a lesson and never does anything like this again. Just because I didn't get a lot of anguish from this assault doesn't mean another girl can't be very traumatized.* This guy has a shitty life (if he's not lying) and honestly if I don't settle he might kill himself. I don't want him to ruin his life for a first time minor offense that does seem like a drunken mistake. (Again, boyfriend says his life is not my responsibility, since I am the victim.)* I can ask for payments in installments over a period of time, but I can't really make him pay future payments. If he doesn't pay, I have to sue him for the money, but the cost of a lawyer is more than the money I'm suing for and I don't want to go to court to hound him for money.* Money is not my main concern but I do want compensation and I am a college student on a tight budget, so it would be nice.So, Reddit, please, please help me. Do I settle for 490, ask for money in installments, or not settle?
Hi reddit, throwaway because I'd rather not have this linked to my main.A year ago, my girlfriend was in her second relationship. It was also the second relationship in a row where her boyfriend was abusive and regularly raped her. Consequently, she's developed more than a little PTSD, and she also developed Stockholm Syndrome towards the second boy.Flash forward to today, she admits to me that she'll sometimes confuse me and the second rapist, who we'll call M. Apparently, we have a similar manner of speaking, and sometimes I'll say something in a tone or voice that reminds her of M. She'll be confused as to who she's with for a few seconds, and freak out internally. I've been helping her work through some of her other issues, so I'd like to help her with this one as well. I feel like it's holding both of us back.Reddit, how can I help her overcome this?
I won't go into all the details but I usually watch the kid after school. There aren't usually any issues but he's reaching that age. He makes flirty remarks and can be touchy but i try to deflect or tell him it's not appropriate. Basically I do my best to make sure he knows it's not acceptable. This weekend his mom worked an over night shift and he slept at my place. I stayed in my room while he slept on the couch. I awoke in the middle of the night to him touching me. My shirt was pulled up so my breasts were exposed and i think he was touching himself. I yanked my shirt down and sternly asked what he was doing. He pretty much hightailed it out of the room. I somehow went back to bed (i guess i didn't realize the extent of what happened) and in the morning i was like holy shit, what happened? His mom picked him up early but it was awkward. I avoided him and didn't bring it up.My question is this - should I talk to him about it? Should I talk to his mom? I don't think i can babysit him without clearing the air and i am already scheduled to babysit him this weekend. I am posting here because i don't who else to ask. 
Hello Reddit, thank you for taking the time to read my story. Today I told my parents of what happened to me when I was 16. I have never told a soul about it until today, not even my boyfriend. Well, now I feel the truth should come out, so here it goes.When I was 16 and couldnt get a job my neighbor let me work with him for cash. We got along great, he was in his early 40's and he knew I was gay, but he was always supportive of me, he even would let me use his phone to call my boyfriend when my family had no other way. Well one day, I went over to his house to use his phone, and to get some tools so I could start the days work. He was snorting coke on the table, but I figured it was just him being himself, I knew he did drugs...He said, Do I like to clone a willy? I didn't know what he meant, I thought he was just rambling from the drugs, so I walked into the other room to start getting the tools. I turned around to see him naked, and fully erect...his face totally expressionless. I told him no, that I couldnt, that I was a kid and not old enough to do it, and he knew I knew what he wanted. I told him please, not to do this, I was 16, he knew it was illegal. He had me against the wall, and he was rubbing against me. I began crying, I told him to please just let me leave, that I wouldn't tell if he let me leave, but he wouldn't listen. He penetrated me and I cried and cried, it hurt so bad. He was a very...large man. It was a huge shock to my body and emotions. I left after he was done, and never looked back. I repressed it. I couldn't think about it without crying, without feeling like I set myself up for it.. It was my fault for telling him I was gay, and trusting him with that fact, it was my fault he did it because I told him.I have nightmares often, even today. But I feel its important that I stop hiding it. Every day this experience has been in the back of my mind. My sex life suffers for it, as well as my relationship sometimes. I am crying even now as I type my story for you all. I am very appreciative for you all to listen to me.For all of you out there who have been raped as well, take my advice. Tell a friend. It really makes you feel less alone.
When I was 17, I was the victim of rape. The man who did it was my then twenty-four year old boyfriend. Basically, the way it went down was that he used his ‘mental instability’ to scare me into having sex with him after we had an argument and when I finally got the nerve to try and make him stop, he wouldn’t. This has done wonders for my mental stability. I am 23 now and still regularly think about this incident and dislike sexual intercourse and have panic attacks. I am in currently in therapy. Aside from my therapists, the only people who know about the rape are my boyfriend and my best friend.I never reported the incident for the typical stupid teenaged girl reasons. My parents might have been mad at me for dating a much older man; I was a drug user and I didn’t want to talk to police; etc. I just kind of let the wound fester while I graduated high school, got a job, and started college. My best friend moved out of state and after that I immediately started doing poorly in school and picked up a neat new addiction to painkillers and heroin.Over the years he would contact me with a half-assed apology and an offer to hookup. He showed little to no remorse; no matter how much time I spent trying to show him the gravity of what he had done. I’m unsure why I kept trying to explain it to him, but I wanted so badly for him to feel bad about his actions. He’s from a very close-knit household and he has a lot of friends. He does a lot of charity work and participates in a lot of volunteer activities and is very well liked whereas I have become more closed-off, cold, and unable to have a meaningful relationship with anyone. I was bitter that he was living the life that I was supposed to have. One day I snapped on him and told him all of the reasons why I hate him and why I hoped he died a miserable, painful death. Obviously he had no idea what I was so angry about and didn’t appreciate being called a rapist, so he blocked my number and blocked me on Facebook.Fortunately for me I’ve since then managed to pull myself up by my bootstraps. I’m finishing college this spring, I am clean from drugs and alcohol, and I have made some wonderful friends and found a career path I feel passionately about and have talent in. I have a wonderful boyfriend whom I live with and his two wonderful little boys. My problems aren’t all solved but I feel better than I have ever felt in my life. I feel proud of myself. The problem is that my ex is an alumnus of my University, and he handles the video work for graduations ceremonies. Apparently after he tried ruining my life, he was inspired to get his together.While my life is considerably better and I have never been stronger, seeing him there on my big day would feel like a kick in the gut. It is important to me that I walk for my graduation ceremony because this is a big fucking deal. I have overcome a lot of personal issues, but I absolutely HATE that the person who gets to capture the moment and take my picture on which should be one of the happiest days of my life is the person who caused me all the pain and strife to begin with.I don’t want to skip my graduation ceremony, but I don’t think I really have any basis to tell the school “Hey, the guy does your graduation ceremonies raped me and is it possible that you can get someone else to record the ceremony and take photos this year?”He has blocked me on Facebook so there is no way I can contact him, but I wouldn’t really want to ask him to do me any favors anyway. Any advice as to how I should approach this situation?
My friend came over to my house yesterday and she told me that a few days ago her ex came over to see her son. She wasn't feeling well (she's been sick with a cold and just out of it). She was unconscious and was out of it (possibly because of medication she was taking). Her ex saw it as an opportunity and had sex with her without her consent/knowing as she wasn't aware of what was going on as she was unconscious. She told me that he told her what happened the next day... basically saying, "Do you remember what happened last night?" and told her what he did. She said that he was laughing about it and she found his journal where he wrote about it. She was terrified, crying, etc. Things have been escalating negatively with her ex, but the only reason they are communicating at all is because they share custody on their child (2 years old). She continued to tell me that he is trying to guilt trip her saying things like they need to be together for the family (even though he doesn't pay child support, has a job, etc). She also told me that things have been getting worse with him such as her following her to a place where she was eating with a friend and waiting outside for her (basically stalking her). She told me that he's been trying to manipulate her by crying saying he loves her still or whatever. My mom was raped and assaulted by someone in the family, and we pursued this person in court. I know that it's a mental and emotional process if she (my friend) decides to go after him for anything, but at the same time, it may be a he-said she-said case. I think this guy is just mentally unstable, manipulative, disgusting, and she really needs to get him out of her and her son's life. 
I need major help reddit. A girl who I have been dating for the past 7 months (used to live with her EX) ended up going over his house during the day today to pick up mail that he had said was sent to him with her name on it.There ended up being no mail at his house, told me that when she went inside he pinned her down, took out his penis and she had to punch him in the face to get him off her and left the house. Speaking with her today she is extremely shaken, embarrassed and blames herself for going over and being so easily tricked. She is really not coopering with me when it comes to letting the police know I need to convince her to do something about it as this person is a real horrible guy and has been making her life miserable and I'm afraid of what he might do next.Any advice would be very helpful.  
I never thought I would be writing a post like this. Sorry if this seems jumbled, I'm a bit of a mess right now. I originally posted this on /r/relationships and they removed it, so I'm posting here.**Background** I have always been closer with my eldest male cousin, we'll call Dalton[22]. Dalton and I were always close as children, we would go exploring at our grandparents large farm, go fishing, he would tell me funny stories and we would bond over little kid stuff. Now that we have gotten older, we became close friends. Inseparable- some would call us, until these past few months where we have drifted apart for unrelated reasons. My younger cousin, Derek [20] and I were never particularly close. In fact, I don't think I have spoken to him in the past two years.There has always been tension in my mother's side of the family. My grandmother was always verbally and emotionally abusive to my mother as a child, and treated my Aunt, (mom's sister) like a princess. As a result of this, my mom is pretty fucked up as a person. Most of the time I would consider her to be a semi-normal mother, but a lot of the time she can be a bully who uses me as a punching bag for her emotional issues. My father usually enables this kind of behavior. Not only is my mother fucked up, but due to my grandmother being abusive to her, relations with my mother's side of the family is typically very rocky. Growing up there were spells where we would not speak to my Aunt and my cousins, along with my grandmother. Due to some nasty comments my grandmother made about me recently, we are on speaking terms with Dalton, Derek, and my Aunt, but not with my grandmother.**The Assault**Today, I was scrolling through my newsfeed on facebook and saw an article posted on Huffington Post Women that talked about rape. I clicked on it and began reading. I guess something about the article triggered some repressed memories I had from when I was a very small child, because one particular memory came flooding back.I was laying on my stomach. I was a small child, under 7 maybe? I'm not exactly sure. They pulled down my pants and anally penetrated me with something. I remember screaming to be let go. They didn't let me go. I think Derek was holding me down and Dalton was sodomizing me. That is all I really remember.When the memory came back, I immediately started dying laughing. I was in hysterics. I guess I didn't know how to process the information so my natural reaction was to laugh.I took a shower, I felt/feel dirty. Used. Like I have this tag attached to my arm that says "Damaged". Not only physically, but emotionally. I texted my best friend who has consistently stood by me through the shit storm that is my life. We freaked out together, at least I wasn't alone.I see a therapist semi-regularly and made an appointment with her on Wednesday.I haven't told my parents. I am an extremely private person, and my best friend is the only person I tend to confide in, or show any vulnerability or weakness towards. I think I need to speak with my therapist to process what is happening before I tell anyone else. To be frank, I am genuinely scared that when I tell my parents that my dad will kill Dalton and Derek. Not figuratively, literally. My dad has said before that if anyone ever violated me in that way that he would kill them. My dad is not a traditionally violent man, he's educated, and works an office job. I need my dad. Not only to be around through this, but to be a buffer from my mother. He is one of my biggest supporters, but can also be very much of a "macho man". I don't want him to be in prison. That would kill me even more. How do I go about delivering this news to my parents?On top of this, I am not emotionally prepared for the blowout fight and rift that will occur when my mother confronts my Aunt and Grandmother with this information.Part of me is still in denial. I keep telling myself that I am overreacting, or making it up, or even that I liked it and asked them to do it. I keep alternating between hysterically laughing and trembling with fear. There are times when I feel extremely unattached from the situation, right now is one of those times. I'm writing this and feel strangely calm. Like I'm writing a short story about events that never happened. Except they did happen, and I am left to pick up the pieces.What the fuck do I do? Do I contact RAINN? Do I laugh? Do I cry? Do I tell my parents immediately? I have class in the morning, I'm dual enrolled at the community college but I don't think I have the strength to go. I consistently feel like I'm about to throw up. Please help me. I know this whole post is a mess, but so am I right now.**tl;dr:** Repressed memories of cousins sodomizing me came back. I'm unable to process and scared shitless. Help.
I told my therapist about my rape experience, gave all the details. she reported it to the police who will go from there. But if they accuse him how exactly do they do it? Do they go to his door and arrest him? Bring him in for questioning? How do they actually start investigating is what I'm wondering
I posted on this sub a few months ago about my experience. If anyone wants to read that first so you have a better understanding, it might be helpful. If not, then the general idea of it is that I was taken advantage of about 4 years ago by a much older man while drunk out of my mind. It's been something I think about now and then (mostly when I get a little more drunk than planned or when I do shrooms) since it happened, but it's been on my mind incredibly often lately. I've been having nightmares and just overall feeling like my lungs aren't getting enough air constantly. Before, I'd have a nightmare maybe once every month or two. Now I have them probably once a week. I don't know how to handle it or what to do about it. Some of you will probably say to talk to a therapist, but that's really not an option for me. It's too nerve wracking for me to even order a pizza, let alone have a personal conversation with someone who's just trying to deconstruct me. This is the closest it's going to get, beyond telling my boyfriend, which might not have even happened if he hadn't made a comment about the wrong thing while I was drinking. I do have antidepressants/anti-anxiety medicine that I'm supposed to be on, but I haven't taken it since I lost my shit a couple months ago and took 18 of my pills at once. I don't trust myself to use them properly now, so I'm not getting them refilled until I think I can handle things well enough to be responsible with them. I just don't know what to do right now. I'm so tired all the time and my body always hurts, and I think it's a result of depression or stress from this all being so much worse lately, and I'm just so sick of feeling like this.Please guys, I don't know what I expect from you from right now, but something, anything, might help. 
Sorry for the inconvenience!
Hi all,I was raped when I was in 2012 when I was 14. It was under a set of circumstances that should never have happened in the first place, but I know that that still doesn't excuse my rapist from what he did.I've come here just to share something that really hurt me today. My mother is as far on the right as one could possibly be, and she is often posting very offensive things on her Facebook. I usually try to ignore it, but today I saw she had shared an article about a woman who had "taken responsibility for her rape", and my mother commended her for doing so. It really made my heart drop. She knows about what happened to me, so I can't understand why in the world she would ever post something like this. We are friends on Facebook so she also knows her posts are visible to me. I can't help now but wonder if when she looks at me she thinks I need to take responsibility for what happened to me, too. I feel really betrayed and hurt.I wanted to comment, saying something like, "never post anything like this again", but I don't want to make her feel bad. It's just left me in a really shitty mood all day and I needed to get it off my chest.Thanks for listening.
Basically, it happened in 2011, he was my boyfriend at the time, which I think for me makes it worse. I think I could have coped better if it was a random attack by a stranger, but this was the person who swore they would never hurt me. I went to the police at the start of this year after trying to repress it but that not working; he denied everything and got off without even a warning because of lack of evidence. If I hadn't have waited to tell someone he might be actually paying for what he did. I saw him yesterday, he got off the bus I was getting on. I froze as my brain registered what just happened, and I thought I was going to break down but I didn't even cry. I wanted to so much, but I couldn't let myself. He lives in the same town as me, and Ive been terrified of seeing him for years but it never happened until yesterday.
My therapist told me I was raped when I was 18. I am now 22. She threw around words like “normalize” and “repression” and said how they are common in rape victims. She said I altered my memory as a defense mechanism. Instead of accepting the fact that I was raped, I changed the way I perceived that day. That day.Corey came to my dorm room to help me study for a CJ class he already took. We sat on my bed because that was the only place to sit. He tried to kiss me multiple times but I refused him. I asked him to leave. He didn’t leave. He laid down on my bed and started telling me about his family. His dad was on vacation and his brother just had a baby so Corey just found out he was an uncle. I started to feel comfortable with him again and sat on the corner of the bed. Just talking and laughing. Then he told me he loved my smile and in one quick move he was leaning in, grabbing my neck and back, and kissing me. I pushed away and he pulled me under him. He straddled me face and pulled down his shorts. He shoved his dick in my mouth and kept choking me. He kept telling me to suck him off. I was crying. He told me I was bad at giving head and that he wasn’t leaving until he finished. That’s when he took off my shorts. He bite my neck the same time he shoved himself inside me. He kept changing the way he held my legs and I just couldn’t get him off me. Finally, he finished. He flushed the condom he used thank God he used on. That’s when I noticed blood on the bed. He saw me looking at it and said, “I didn’t know you were pmsing, that’s why you were being such a bitch.” But I wasn’t pmsing. He got dressed, I did too. Then Jada came back from class with Maxine and Sierra. I introduced Corey as a friend and we all sat around talking for a few mins. Then he kissed me on the cheek and left. Jada started asking me wtf that was about and I said I didn’t know. Maxine and Sierra kept saying how cute he was and that I am so mean to lead him on. I couldn’t tell them. I couldn’t even think about what happened. Instead I smiled and we went to yogurtland for fro-yo. The next day I didn’t go to class. I couldn’t get out of bed all day. I told Jada I wasn’t feeling well. She was going home for the weekend anyways and I said I’d be better when she got back. I didn’t leave my room that weekend and when Jada came back, I was in tears. I told her I had sex with Corey and I didn’t know what to do. She asked me if I told Tim (my bf at the time). I said no how can I tell him this? She told me I would have to tell him I cheated on him sooner or later.I didn’t understand. Cheat? I didn’t cheat. What is she talking about?Jada asked me how Corey was in bed and I said rough. Then she joked, “O just the way you like it.”.. the way I like it? What?I just agreed. Later that day, I asked Jada what she thought about rape. Her answer scared me. She said rape is a horrible disgusting thing and the people who fall victim to it are never the same and always seem broken. She went on and on. And I just couldn’t tell her that I was raped. I did not want to be that broken person. I refused to accept it but then I didn’t have to tell anyone that this horrible disgusting thing happened to me. I decided to hide my rape from Tim, no one knew about Corey but Jada and she wouldn’t say anything. End of story. Until Sleepy Manda (my subconscious state that I supposedly use to cope with issues I can’t face normally) texted Tim. Fuck. I had to decide what to tell him. But I had a choice in what to tell him. So was it better to be a broken victim or to be a cheater? I choose to paint my rape in the way that I wanted aka like it didn’t happen. I said having sex with Corey was my choice. The worse thing was I started to believe I was a cheater. I bought my own bullshit so much that my self-image was the slutty cheater who can’t be trusted.  I buried the memory of my rape in my mind and allowed myself to accept the new “pretty” memory I painted that “Corey and I had wild consensual sex and I am so sorry it happened. I love Tim and I made a mistake” Because that was easier to say and cope with than admitting I was raped.This altered memory is what I had believed for the last four years. And after weeks of going to my therapist, I sat on her floor and cried as she told me I was raped and I need to accept it so I can move on. So what do I do? After all these years of telling Tim (in my life as one of my friends), my new bf and other friends that I cheated, do I just now tell them the rediscovered truth? How the hell am I supposed to cope with this shit? I don’t even know if I should tell anyone but then am I repressing the rape yet again if I don’t?
My boyfriend and I are in a very serious and loving relationship. I have trusted him totally with this info.  However this week my boyfriend mentioned to me that he told his mom about my dad sexually assaulting me when I was younger. I FREAKED out. We had an argument in the middle street, he cried. He said the only reason he told her was because she is the only other woman he loves and trusts like me and it's been so difficult for him that he can't help me. He also said that because I don't have a relationship with my parents (due to the abuse) that he's been thinking of our future children and their relationship with their grandparents.He said that it's difficult for him knowing the girl he loves has a dad out there he doesn't even know. I have told him why I don't have a relationship with my parents. He is the most loving man I know, and I know he wouldn't ever intentionally hurt me. But I feel so betrayed and angry. This is already a difficult enough thing for me to talk about and he is the 2cd person I've trusted that's told someone else. He said he's never told anyone else and that the only reason he told her was because he trusts her and needed advice and that he hopes one day she'll be my future mother in law. I got angry and asked him why he told her for the sake of our hypothetical children and this made him so upset. Apparently he thought I was implying that our future was hypothetical and said "maybe we don't feel the same for each other" and cried. Then apologized and said it wasn't about him. I apologized for being so hurtful. But I didn't mean it to imply I didn't want a future with him, I just meant we're not married w/ kids now.I already have a hard time trusting people. He said his mom's first reaction was to tell him that girls sometimes say things like this to manipulate guys. (This pissed me off) and then he later explained my situation to her and she has compassion for me. I feel angry because I never told her, never sought her opinion or anything. I don't even know her. I would like to know her and in the future if I so choose to tell her about this then that would be fine. But my bf didn't even ask or tell me he was discussing this with his mom....he just told her. I told him why I was angry and that I am afraid she will judge me (especially based off her initial reaction) he told me not to worry. I am worried. What if he's the type to tell his mom everything and I'm just finding this out? What if I can't trust anyone with this info? I wish I never really told anyone. I hate trusting people for reasons like this. Now I want to have a talk with him again because I didn't fully explain myself and I don't think he understands exactly why I was so upset. But I don't know how/where to begin. I'm SO tempted to shut down. I know that's not the best thing to do but a big part of me feels like... f*** it. This is already so hard and hurtful. I don't feel like dealing with another emotional hill in this survival process. But I'm also afraid..what if I can't trust my bf to not communicate with his mom my most private details? What if I can't trust anyone? How can we go on in the relationship with me feeling betrayed regardless of his intentions? Everything has simmered down but I do not feel at peace about it at all. My trust is very fragile and I feel like just shutting down on him because this was so hard. But I want to talk about it because that is the healthiest thing to do. Reddit, please, how do I handle/approach this situation with him? I feel like my heart is all over the place right now
It's just... I don't know what I'm looking to get from sharing this.  It's just kinda stuck in my head, y'know?  I wanted to comment in the thread about it, but... well, you know Reddit.  So maybe by mentioning it here I can stop thinking about it.  Stop seeing that place.  I dunno.  Anyway, thanks for reading.
I was at a party last year, probably about early September/late August. It was just all my female friends, and we were having a good time. My best friend called me, and decided she'd tag along, so we had to go pick her up from a gas station near by as she was getting dropped off. The girl driving parked her car, and we were waiting for my best friend to come to the car. I was talking to them, and a guy from school walked up to her window. She was talking to him for a while, and trying to get him to come back to our party. My best friend finally got into the car, and we were just waiting on the driver and the guy at the window to stop talking. Well, turns out his friends came to my door. I had my window open, and all that. Long story short, the guy who had raped me came up to my door. He was standing with his arms hanging in the door. I didn't realize who it was at first, as I was so caught up in my phone. I looked up, and I froze. I felt myself starting to shake. I slammed my door, and rolled up my window as fast as I could, and locked the door. I then started to have a very severe panic attack, and all I could do was say "leave" over and over. The girl who was driving, who I also thought was my friend, started bitching about why we had to go since all the guys, especially my rapist, were begging to join us at the party. I ended up flipping out, and ended up getting them to leave. She pulled out, and started driving out. The girls in the back ended up getting me to calm down. She finally asked why I had flipped out. I had to explain to her again that he had raped me earlier that year in May, and all. All she did, and the girls in the back, was say "Oh, we forgot." They just started joking around and all that. My best friend ended up staying alone with me basically the whole night. I drank a lot to keep myself calm, and I haven't talked to any of them since. It bothers me a lot every so often. Considering I had already been getting death threats for a while from the dude's friends and all. I'm not a very liked person, as I'm just known for my suicide attempts. Plus, he had cancer so apparently that means he just caaaan't rape anyone. He's going to be charged next month, and I just found out that his cancer came back again. I am terrified of what is going to happen to me. I live in fear that someone is going to hurt me. I'm the reason he's going to jail. I'm so stupid. I'm literally sending a man with cancer to prison. I'm not even worth it. I think a lot that I should have just kept my mouth shut as I did the previous time...
this happened nearly a year ago and i can't stop thinking about it. i was at a co-worker's sketchy party when i got pretty drunk. i remember throwing up for a long time, but eventually i recovered. i met a guy and we got along great and i guess i was attracted to him, but i said i didn't want to sleep with a guy right off the hop. i've done this a couple times in the past and was feeling tired of sleeping with guys before getting to know them.later on, i tried cocaine for the first time. i'd always wanted to, but i definitely went overboard and also ended up having molly. i know this all chalks up to making dumb, regretful decisions. either way, i end up sleeping with the guy i hung out most of the night with. i don't actually remember much of it, but i was pretty compliant i didn't really oppose it.the next morning i felt like shit from the excessive alcohol and drugs. i text the guy and he doesn't text me back. it's been nearly a year now and i still can't stop thinking about it. i do stupid things all the time, and i shouldn't have drank and took so many drugs, but at the same time i did tell him i didn't feel like sleeping with him right away. i didn't fight against it, but i was also pretty wasted at that point.i don't know if any of this makes sense, but i just feel so shitty and i need someone to just set me straight and tell me that i just made a stupid decision that i just really regret or not.
I did a stupid, stupid, stupid thing. I thought I was better, that I was healed. I let someone reach out to me, to talk to me, to get me to open up about all the ugly things that happened to me. About all the horrible, dirty, ashamed feelings I'd never been willing to tell. I let this person help me realize things I hadn't realized before because I stupidly gave them my trust. I stupidly believed them when they said they wouldn't hurt me. That they cared. That they understood. That they wanted to help. And then I couldn't handle it all and I went into a tailspin. And that person grew bored and left and now I've crashed into dark, stagnant, toxic water and I am drowning. And I have no one. And now I relive every horrible moment that's ever happened all.day.long. 
Hello, I don't normally post here but I'm really confused and scared and I need some advice badly.3 days ago I (20F) was at a house party with my best friend (24M) John (not his real name). It was a normal uni party with lots of mutual friends there. I was having fun and didn't notice how much I drank, as the night went on I got really woozy.I tend to get more "touchy" and affectionate when I'm that drunk but I don't think I did anything too excessive. We played some drinking games and John seemed really drunk too but he was acting pretty normal.A bit later I was thinking of leaving so I went upstairs (all our coats/jackets were piled on a bed there). I was looking for my stuff in the dark but I fell face first on the bed, when I turned over John was standing in the doorway. I just said "Hi, trying to find my coat" and kinda laid there. He stood in the doorway for a while but then he climbed on top of me, started kissing and groping me really forcefully. I tried to push him off but he was too strong, I started begging him to stop but it was like he wasn't hearing me at all. I threatened to scream but he covered my mouth with his hand. When I realized he wanted to penetrate me I started struggling more and tried to scream but nothing worked. As he did it he was muttering my name and saying how he loved me. I was just lying there crying on and off.I felt so horrible helpless and useless and weak but at some point I think I started liking it... I don't know how or why, it was still horrible but I definitely orgasmed. It went on for an eternity... at one point he forgot to cover my mouth and I remember thinking that I could scream for help. But I didn't... I just laid there. When he was done he just stopped for a bit, said "I'm sorry" and ran out of the room.It's been 3 days now and I can't get a hold of John. People at the party saw him run out of the house but he didn't take his jacket or his shoes! I don't think anyone heard us and people thought I had left earlier so I don't think anyone realizes what happened. I left him a thousand messages on his phone, skype, facebook. None of our friends has heard of him as well. Went to his flat but he didn't answer, his neighbours haven't seen him too. Even called his parents but they haven't heard from him either. It's not normal for him to stay out of contact like that at all, I'm really worried he might hurt himself.I haven't told anyone about this and I'm not going to report him to the police. He really hurt me both physically and emotionally. I never expected something like this from him and he was really forceful so I have a lot of bruises and it hurts everywhere but I can't ruin his life. Our families are neightbours so we know each other since forever, he has always been my best friend and he is probably the best nicest person I've ever known. He is kind and always helps others, everybody likes him. One time when I was 17 our families were on a vacation together and I almost drowned but he went in and almost died saving me. If I tell anyone what he did it'll ruin his life and destroy his family, I can't do that to someone who I owe my life to.I just want to talk to him and tell him I forgive him. I don't know what came over him before but I know he must feel horrible now. He also has a tendency to be depressive and obsess over things so I'm really worried that he might hurt himself.I'm not sure what to do now. I am thinking of calling the police or his landlord so we can get in the flat, but how do I explain why I'm so worried without telling them what he did? I'm also afraid that if the police gets involved before I talk to him he is just going to confess. Will he get into trouble if I don't press charges? He is a student too in his last year so I don't want him to be expelled.Also what do I do once I get into contact with him?? I just want everything to get back to normal but I don't think that can happen now. He obviously has feelings for me but I've never even considered a relationship with him, always thought of him as my best friend.I also feel incredibly guilty that I might have caused that by being too touchy and affectionate earlier that night, if I hadn't done that we might have avoided this whole mess. And the fact that I orgasmed while he was violating me is haunting me..why would I do that!? It felt so horrible, how could I enjoy it.I've been trying to figure out why I didn't scream for help when I could too. I remember thinking about how I could scream when he stopped covering my mouth... but then I just didn't. The more I think about it, I figure I didn't scream because I knew if I did he would get caught for sure.To further complicate things he didn't use a condom and I have a boyfriend. I've already taken the morning after pill, but what if I still get pregnant?! I also feel horrible, because it seems like I've cheated on my boyfriend. The relationship is very young and we are not that invested yet but it still feels horrible. He called me a couple of times but I told him I was busy with work. I'm not sure what to tell him at all, I feel like I've betrayed him.Sorry about the long post and all my ramblings. I haven't been able to sleep since it happened and my brain is a mess right now. I'll add more stuff in later if I've forgot about anything. Thank you in advance for any advice.tl;dr: Best and oldest friend raped me. I want to forgive him but he has disappeared for 3 days and I think he might do something stupid like hurt himself. I don't want to tell anyone about the rape because it will ruin his life. He said he loves me but I don't know how I feel. Confused about what to do, please help.
Hi, I'm not sure if this is the right sub to write this in but I don't really know where to go. I'll try to keep this short and I could really use some help. Let me start off by giving a brief rundown and if anyone wants more info or think it would be useful to have a better idea of what happened let me know.I [27m] dated a girl in while I was in high school for 3 years. We were crazy about each other as high schoolers are but for various reasons it didn't work out. We broke up her freshman year of college (she is one year older than me.) We more or less stopped talking. Now, nearly 10 years later, we have reconnected as she just moved cross country to be back home. A few weeks ago she disclosed to me that she had been raped by a mutual friend of ours about 7 years ago. She also told me that she has PTSD and has dissociative episodes occasionally. They are generally rare as mild panic attacks don't cause the dissociation and it is only during big breakdowns that she loses herself. I had seen a mild one and it was relatively easy to help her talk through it and break out of the harmful mental cycle.Well, last night she had a full blown breakdown coupled with some serious disassociation. Curled in a ball, crying while apologizing, saying that he's not a bad person, insisting it was stupid over and over... Very circular thinking. She eventually went practically catatonic. She couldn't or wouldn't speak, she couldn't walk really (I had to practically carry her to the bathroom, dress her for bed, put her in bed, position her so that her head was on a pillow, etc.) This morning she has no recollection of what happened and just feels embarrassed and guilty and worried that I might not be up for this.So my question is this: what are some resources out there that I can check out that will help me get a better understanding of what is going on with her, what helps and what doesn't, etc. Books, websites, anything. And second, what if anything can I do to help if this happens again? Does anyone have anything that maybe helps them or someone they know? I know I can't fix it and I know it's not my fault, but if there is anything I can do to help or just make it a little easier on her then I want to give it a shot. Thankfully they are rare but I want to be prepared for the next time.Thank you for reading this far and again, sorry if this is the wrong place to post this.
First off im a male, 30 years old, went to a bar and got drunk with a friend of mine, later in the night he ended up doing blow in the bathrooms downstairs of the bar after bar close, which he told me later. Everytime i had a smoke for the last hour there was a guy outside that would talk to me, he seemed normal and he talked about music, sounded like a cool guy, anyways i didnt get as drunk as i wanted i had a hard work week, he told me he had cold beer just down the street at his place, stupidly i agreed. (stupidly i didnt know he was gay at this time) and im NOT gay. we had a couple beers and he explained he wanted to give me oral, i said umm excuse me ??? and he backtracked and apologized cause he was drunk, we ended up discussing deep things such as how his father disowned him and such and remember getting fairly drunk and just talking about his life and trying to make him feel better, i think i passed out at around 4am, woke up on his couch at about 630/700 am, fully clothed ,my baseball cap was even still on, cellphone car keys wallet in my pocket, no soreness anywhere, left the house and got a cab, got home and went back to bed. I never really thought anything about being raped or roofied, or whatever but my mind started to drift, (could i possibly have HIV) or stds, did he rape me then reclothe me, its been 3 months since the incident and i think about it every once in a while. Should i go get tested for hiv even tho i have no recollection of rape, no soreness or scrapes bruises. am i over reacting? Ive never been in a high risk HIV situation, i only assume he had HIV because he ended up being gay, and im losing sleep over this sometimes.
I wish you never did this so I could still have you in my life. I wish I had at least known you were gonna turn on me so I could have said goodbye before I had to remove you from my life. I wish I were still stronger than you so I could have pushed you off. I wish you didn't pretend to care about me the whole time we were friends. I wish you apologized. I wish you cared like I did. I wish you didn't make me cuddle after. I wish you sent me some kind of explanation... Why did you have to do this? I called you my brother... I loved you. Clearly your side of those feelings weren't real. I just hope it was worth losing me. Or did you even think about that before you did it? I love you, I'll always love you, I'll miss you and I hope this fucking eats at you. Love, the one friend who didn't fucking abandon you.
I have been good friends with this girl for many years now, and it hurts so much to see her in this kind of relationship. Her boyfriend has sexually assaulted and raped my friend so many times she has lost count. After she finally confronted him about it, he doesn't do it any more. All he had to say was that he could have done worse to her, so she should be thankful that he didn't. He also emotionally abuses her such as telling her that she is worthless, no one would ever want to date her, and if she doesn't want to do something, God would be disappointed in her. Right now, he jokes about causing physical harm to her, and is trying to cut her off from her friends. He is also paranoid that she is cheating on him, so he calls her at least twenty times every night if she isn't with him. My friend knows exactly what he is doing, but won't break-up with him because she'll miss him, and she's afraid of what he'll do. Me and her other friends have tried so hard to get her to dump him, but she won't. I'm very scared something bad will happen to her. What should I do? I really want to help her, but I don't know how.TLDR: Friend has been assaulted and raped by her emotionally abusive boyfriend multiple times, but won't get rid of him. How can I help her?
In early August, I was out with some friends and had two girlfriends come in after the bars closed at 2am.  They stayed until about 3:30am, I walked them out, and then saw my ex boyfriend's good friend right outside my apartment.  He asked for some water, and I said "yes, of course!" and invited him in.  He is married with two middle-school aged children and a stay at home wife.  He goes to a church every Sunday and works for a major bank in town.  And, I've known him for over two years, met his family, and my recent ex is a good friend of his.  I never thought he'd do this.  He then proceeded to kiss me, and despite my pushing his face away from me and telling him I didn't want to kiss him, he proceeded to continue kissing me and eventually took me into my bedroom and raped me.  There were some points during the rape that I complied/participated, although those moments were far outweighed by me trying to physically move away from the situation and telling him no and I didn't want to be doing this.  It honestly felt like a nightmare and like I was watching it happen.  It didn't feel real, it felt like an out of body experience.  He actually had the audacity to ask me if I "came" afterward.  I told him no because I was trying to wrap my mind around what happened.  He went to the bathroom and came back in my bedroom where I was basically sitting on my floor crying and asking him why he did what he did, how he could do it, and how I'd ever be able to look my ex in the eye again, and he said "that was a dirty thing we did" and then got in my face and said "you don't tell anyone.  You don't tell [ex's name]; you don't tell your best friend."  And then he said something about how he was going to make an excuse to his wife because at that point it was past 4am, and left.  The next day I was devastated, and had a feeling it was rape, but I felt guilty and ashamed and like it was my fault because I participated at some points.  I showered and washed my sheets, but saved the underwear I was wearing immediately after the incident.  I called RAINN and told them what happened and they confirmed that it was indeed rape.  They put me in touch with someone at the YWCA for counseling, and advised that I report it and get a rape kit done.  When I Googled "rape kits" and my state (VA), the articles were scary - apparently there are hundreds of untested rape kits, and the procedure is very invasive, so I freaked out and didn't go.  I was still in denial about what had happened and was too scared no one would believe me.  My best friend called my ex and told him what happened, and he had mixed reactions.  The Thursday after it happened I got a text from him telling me he was behind me and supportive of whatever decision I made, and that he hoped I was okay and did the right thing for myself.  I also had counseling that day, and after the counseling and hearing from my ex, I decided to report it.  Unfortunately reporting it was a terrible process.  After calling the non-emergency number, a uniformed patrol officer came by (female) and she was nice enough, but pretty unsympathetic and had to call her superiors to see if they should even take the report.  I was devastated.  The patrol officer took the underwear and bra I gave her, but she basically told me that this would be difficult to prove.  I ended up calling them again and told them I didn't feel like my case was being taken seriously, and they sent out yet another officer (the superior of the first patrol officer) and he didn't do anything differently, but he did assure me that a detective would eventually be in touch.  Two detectives showed up at like 8:30pm the following Wednesday and I told them what happened.  They seemed more sympathetic, and the female detective told me that no matter what happened, and even if the case didn't end up going to court, that it doesn't mean it didn't happen.  They told me they'd be in touch with the Commonwealth's Attorney and asked for my ex's contact info, and said they'd be back in touch.  I hadn't heard anything from them, despite calling numerous times, until two weeks ago.  I missed the call, and called back 10 minutes later, and left a voice mail.  My counselor at YWCA knows the CA and I signed a release of info so she could get in touch with them.  She called me yesterday telling me that it sounded as if they had indeed talked to my rapist but that's all she knew.  Late last night I heard back from the detective and he told me that the CA determined there wasn't enough evidence to convict, so they would not be prosecuting.  He said there was contradicting stories, and I asked him to specify.  He said my rapist told him it was consensual (of course he said that - like what the hell did they expect him to do, admit it?!) and that there was nothing more they could do.  Needless to say I am feeling a ton of emotions right now.  I'm doubting the validity of whether or not it actually was rape, I'm feeling guilty and like it was my fault, I feel stupid for reporting it, I'm angry at the rapist of course for lying and saying it was consensual (or maybe he believes it was?  Was there something I did that made him actually think it was consensual?).  I'm angry at the system and feel helpless that there is nothing else I can do, and I'm scared that because they're not taking this any further, no one is going to believe me, and they're going to expect me to just get over it and move on with my life.  I realized I can't live at my apartment anymore and I signed a lease elsewhere yesterday, and I'm moving in a month.  I want to get a protective order but if that means divulging my new address I don't want to do it.  Plus I feel like it's too little too late.  I'm so upset that he gets to walk around like nothing happened and live his life and be in the same city as me.  I'm terrified my ex won't believe me and will side with him and think I willingly had sex with him and I'm just ashamed about it and decided to call it "rape".  I don't know what to do now.  I don't know how cases in this stupid state even get prosecuted at all.  What the heck do I do now?  How do I move on and live my life knowing that the system isn't doing anything about it and is basically siding with him?  I feel even more violated than I did before which I didn't think was possible.  This was probably the longest post ever so if you made it through the whole thing, thank you for reading.  Any words of encouragement would be helpful right now.  I'm just at a loss.
So, about 2 months ago my then Girlfriend, now fiance, was talking to a guy at her work. Seemed harmless, but then it started getting weird. He started saying that she's hot and wanted to makeout with her. He then was pressuring her to become FWBs with him. She told him no, and he said that if she would tell him no he would back off. She broke off all contact with him completely. Last friday he came back saying he sees her more than a friend. He asked for a hug and she gave him one, but then he kissed her and began touching her in an inappropriate way. He then took it further and "raped" her. I put it in quotes because he didn't use physical force but psychological force. She couldn't say no out of fear. I was then informed that he asked her not to tell me, and then called her and begged for her not to call me. I'm assuming he was afraid that we would conclude rape if I was aware. The problem thats going on with her is that she blames herself and thinks it's her fault. I had a buddy of mine see if had any records on him. It was astonishing. There were 3 dropped charges of rape due to lack of evidence. One of which was almost an exact replica of the scenario I have wrote. What should we do? Do I confront this shell of a man? I'm going to be at her work when she's at that building to ensure her safety.
Today a guy who I've seen around my school came up to me and grabbed my face. He then said he was going to break me by the end of the year. I'm so scared and I don't know what to do. I threatened to stab him if he got near me again and he laughed and said he'd like to see me try. Advice? Support? Anyone who has dealt with this? I'm underage and I don't want my parents involved. 
This is a bit of a long story, so I'll try to keep it short. Feel free to scroll down to the bottom if you'd rather read the TL;DR.I dated my abusive Ex, Steve (24M), for a little over 6 years. Six months ago, he raped me and left me for a girl he had introduced to me as his cousin over 3 years ago. She was not his cousin (I hope, I still don't know for sure), but regardless she moved in the day after he broke up with me. I can only assume she knew about me, as she had contact with our large circle of friends and photos of me were plastered all over his social media etc. At the very least, she had to have known he had a girlfriend, and chose to pursue him anyway.Neither of them are great people, but I'm haunted by not only my rape but the abuse I suffered at my ex's hands. I had to relearn how to be myself. To say I felt dead inside by the time our relationship ended is an understatement. I went to the police, but with no witnesses and no rape kit (I waited to come forward), their wasn't much they could do other than bring him in for questioning. While my report is in the system now, he essentially got away with what he did to me.Here is my dilemma: I know she's not a good person, but I'm scared he'll do to her what he did to me. No one deserves that. Is there anything I can do to warn her? Or is that a bad idea? I'm so torn. On the one hand I hate them both and want nothing to do with them, but at the same time he's a predator and the thought of someone else getting hurt and I could have stopped it really eats away at me. What would you do if you were me?TL;DR - Ex raped & abused me then left me for another woman. Should I warn her what she's gotten into?
My anxiety about this particular issue started after seeing a post in /TumblrinAction about a girl who said she had consensual sex and then regretted it, and her friend told her "you were raped." I asked my girlfriend about her perspective on the issue, and I asked her,"What if she had a SO, and decided to have consensual sex while under the influence of alcohol, but not blackout drunk at a party, then said to her SO 'I was raped', was the girl cheating or was she assaulted?"My girlfriend replied, "If she was drunk but still aware of what was going on and decided to have sex, then she cheated. It's not black and white. As in, it's up to her to know how intoxicated she was and whether or not she was really able to consent. She may be the only one who knows the answer to that. We can't look at someone's BAC and say 'they were too drunk to consent'."At this point, I was confused because I hope my SO wasn't legitimizing saying that a situation was rape when it was simply a matter of cheating and feeling guilty. So I reply,"I think I what I am flustered about is the toxic situation where one SO feels so guilty about hooking up at a party and calls it rape to the other SO to prevent a breakup or fallout. I'm not afraid of that happening with us, but I've read a couple stories online and it sends my anxiety into a spiral, the fact that there is a very blurry line between a mistake and rape in regards to alcohol consumption."My girlfriend replied, "If I wanted to sleep with other people, I simply wouldn't be with you."I responded with "I didn't think that you would. But I am confused about where the boundary is between alcohol induced mistakes (which necessitates a breakup) vs. rape (which necessitates comfort and support). I'm not worried that you would. I'm saying in general."She replies, "Ok, the boundary is you would believe me if I said I was raped vs you think I was lying to you."I'm now not sure what to think. She does not strike me as someone who would want to ever hurt me or cheat on me. But what is the general consensus on sexual things that occur while under the influence of alcohol!? When is it a mistake vs. when is it rape? Ultimately I do trust my girlfriend but I always worry about her well being especially if she goes to a party and consumes alcohol with other males present, because I know alcohol can and does remove the ability for someone to say "no" and it can also distort what it means to say "yes".**tl;dr** I'm really confused about what constitutes rape vs. extra-relational mistake while under the influence of alcohol. Can someone shed some light on this?
I'm 17, and on Friday I got way too fucked up and I woke up at this boys apartment. He's 19, and obviously we are not dating. I don't even know how I got there, or anything. I woke up and he was on top of me, I don't remember anything about the night. I'm not concerned that he raped me, because I know if he asked I would have said yes. My only problem is that he said he didn't use a condom. He thought I was on birth control. Also, on my period tracker it says I was ovulating all weekend which means the chances he knocked me up is really high. I'm panicking and I have no idea where to go from here. First off, I don't think this is a rape story, but the people in /r/relationships told me to post it here...
When I was a child, a family friend's kid was my best friend for years. She was about two years older than me, and we played together all the time. Eventually, when I was 8 or so, she told me what sex was, and we played "pretend" games where we'd take turns being the man or the woman, or the doctor and patient, etc. She never inserted anything into me, but it was beyond normal childhood curiosity- she may have been a victim of something herself- and I believe it is at least partially responsible for how I have acted since.I have always been a very sexual person, despite my somewhat Catholic upbringing. I believe it may have been due to those events, which led me to explore more than I should have online, doing roleplays and reading/watching pornographic material. I have also been somewhat risky with my behavior, putting myself in situations which made myself vulnerable to others' attacks. I have experienced some other trauma as well, including a "joke" rape threat from an ex when I was in 8th grade (he pinned me against a wall and laughed about how he could "totally rape me" if he wanted to), coercion into sexual activities with a friend with whom I had been previously sexual with, and digital anal rape from one of my boyfriends (around 5 different instances, all of which were after multiple discussions on how I was not interested in anal play, where he would be fingering me then switch to my anus with no warning or preparation. I felt like I couldn't tell him to stop during the instances and they never lasted too long, but it was still uncomfortable). I believe that the latter two at least may have stemmed from the original CoCSA, because without that I may not have been sexual during that time (early high school) to begin with.I am not sure if there is anything to do, or even if I'd want to do it if there was, but I needed to get this off of my chest. I have no conscious trauma from the events with my childhood friend, but it's obviously affected my life and I am upset about the fact that it happened. I just needed to get it out; only one other person (my current boyfriend) knows anything about all this, and he doesn't have any remote experience on how to help in this kind of situation. Thanks for reading.
I'm sorry if this is all over the place. And very long. I'm on mobile as I don't currently have access to a computer. My stepfather has been in my life since I was 4-6. He and I never got along until I was about 14 or so because he was a very aggressive person when I was younger. Not abusive, exactly. But very aggressive with his interactions with us.When my sisters and I were younger, my sister would often spill on herself when we ate and he would make her get undressed (usually just her pants) and make her eat our dinner in her underwear while crying. This is an example of semi-abusive behavior. There are many examples like this one. When I turned 13, my mom sent me to a boarding school for a year. When I came back, my stepfather made it a point to be my best friend. In high school, I NEVER went ANYWHERE and never was allowed to have a boyfriend because my dad didn't like it. He and I would sit and watch movies for hours and hours in the dark. That was my social life. I tried telling him I was unhappy but he would tell me that I'm just speaking rashly and I didn't actually feel like that. After high school, I met my boyfriend G. He was my first everything and the first time I had sex, my stepfather slut shamed me. During our relationship, G often told me how creepy my dad was and how it wasn't right the way be treated me. He treated me more and more like an ex boyfriend than a father. He was often jealous and controlling. I've been told this by quite a few people but I never actually believed them and all I could think about was how he lets me live with him rent-free while I plan on returning to school and how he always makes me dinner and asks how my day is going. Typical "caring" father stuff. He was so unbelievably selfless and would do absolutely literally anything he could to help me. I have been living with my dad for almost a year now. Fast forward to a few days ago, I woke up to my stepdad touching my side or somewhere around there. Like stroking. I woke up and he jerked away and said I had been moaning like I was getting hurt and that he was just checking on me. I hadn't been having a bad dream or anything so that seemed very odd. But I fell asleep and went to work the next day. All day at work, whenever I thought about it, I felt sick to my stomach. Even though I didn't remember him inappropriately touching me. It just all felt so wrong for some reason. I didn't mention it that night and then this morning happened. I woke up and he had my panties pulled to the side and was touching me. There was no insertion (but who knows while I was sleeping). He just had his hand on my vagina. I had been pretending to sleep for 20 seconds to make sure I knew what was happening and then "woke up" and asked him what the hell he was doing. He said he was "just checking on me" and was grabbing my dishes. He then went upstairs very very quickly. I walked up there (this was around 7 am by the way) and confronted him. I asked what he was doing. He said checking on me. I asked what he was checking. And I shit you not. No joke. The man who I've ALWAYS considered my father, the man who I always confided in and trusted, responded to that question with "the booty". I asked what that meant. He said that he was " just curious " and he was settling that curiosity. It wasn't a big deal. It isn't anything abnormal. I asked if he still considered me a daughter and he said that yes, but he was just curious and started feeling things when I was making those "moans" the other night. I asked how many times he had done something like this. He said just that once. I don't believe him. I was sexually abused as a child and I don't remember any of it. But it was by my biological father. Apparently. I didn't find out about this until today. When my stepdad told me. Maybe to make me feel that what he did wasnt so bad? I'm not sure. The way he was talking to me was completely void of all emotion. He said everything very matter of factly and without a hint of remorse. He tried blaming it on me.I tried leaving but he stopped me. I was positive if I tried leaving, he'd hurt me. I told him I was going to kill him. I have never felt rage like that before. I was shaking incredibly hard because of how much fury I felt. I told him he was sick and kept asking "is that it!" Over and over. Until he said yes, I went downstairs, got my purse, and ran out of the apartment. With him in the background the entire time muttering about how "oh yeah, I'll be the bad guy. What else is new? I'm always the bad guy in your life" etc. I called a suicide hotline, they gave me advice, I went to my moms, I called G, and I took a shower and a nap per my mom's request. I am now at a doctor waiting for my mom because she has a medical condition that required attention. Writing this in the waiting room. Reddit, I'm fucking lost. I want to call the police, but I don't want my stepdad arrested. And I am likely going to cut contact.. But I'm terrified he will self harm. What the fuck do I do?
He cheated on me years ago, keeps watching me constantly and questions anything I say or do, especially when I talk to anyone else online or off, if I'm cheating. I have no desire to cheat or get back at him, but yet he keeps trying to force me into a 3-way.Back when I was 19 I was raped, and went on about my life pushing myself to act as if everything was okay and I wasn't damaged by it, but it led to a stint of doing a few things I'm not exactly proud of, including this stupid idea between my then bi boyfriend and another male friend, and I trying to have a 3-way. Needless to say it didn't work out.Flash forward to marriage... he knows about that time, and he constantly pushes me to do it with him and another female. The problem is that he keeps trying to push into my head that I was gang banged by two guys (once again, a failed stupid attempt) and the boyfriend wasn't supposed to mean that much to me, but he's my husband and if I really loved him, or if he meant more than my past 'flings', then I'd do that for him because its his ultimate goal to accomplish before he dies.I feel there's no regard for anything that happened to me, the resons I went crazy and did some not so good things, and he tries to say I did it then, I can do it now. I feel like I'm still being punished for my past. He's screamed at me, cussed me, calling me a whore, and how 'when someone gets raped, they don't go and do what you did'. I am so miserable. I just don't know why after all the work I've done to pick myself up and dust myself off, the one that's committed to being my protector and best friend is making me feel like damaged goods. The only thing I've done for myself so far is go back to therapy because its killing me, but haven't been going long enough to open up to my new therapist yet. I'd like other's thoughts. Am I always going to be what I was when it happened? Is he actually right?Old feelings I used to have arise and make me question myself whether or not I can ever recover from the stupid things I have done. I feel like I'm never going to stop being punished for what I did, or rather, what I attempted to do. Maybe I made myself to be such a slut that's really what I am. I don't know what to do or think. I'm so stressed out because I feel like I've been branded. Yet, I feel responsible for his unhappiness. I'm such a bad person because I keep resisting.tl;dr: was raped, pushed myself into some messed up situations trying to pretend everything's okay... years later, husband cheats, and has been trying to push me for years to have 3-way with him and another female. Uses my past against me as a way to make me feel like I have no right to say no. What am I supposed to do?
To prove that I am not a liar. 2 years ago I was raped by an acquaintance.   I reported it, but many people, possibly even the police, didn't and still do not fully believe me. My mom is the only person that has been there for me the entire time. I am very grateful that I have her, but it doesn't feel like enough to me. I feel like she's my mom, she's supposed to believe me, ya know? Anyway, today i figured out that I could pay $500 to take a polygraph test. I'm almost positive it wouldn't help my legal case, but I feel the need to morally clear my name. I want prove that I would never lie about or exaggerate something that is so serious.  On the other hand, I feel like I shouldn't need to prove anything to anyone. These people that I want to prove it to were some of the closest to me, ever in my life. I decided early on that none of them deserve to be in my life if they don't believe me. Recently some of them have asked to be a part of my life again, but I feel like I can't let them get that close to me until they fully understand the extent to which they have hurt me and I can't do that until I prove I'm not lying. What do you guys think? Is this going overboard for people who wouldn't do the same for me?Tl;Dr should I pay for and take a lie detector test to prove to my friends and family that I was raped?
I really need help with this situation. I would've posted in r/relationships but my wife frequents that sub and I thought this was the best place to go.A few months before this incident, my wife and I had begun exploring an open marriage and things were going well for both of us. We were both meeting people and having casual hookups. There was one woman in particular who I was seeing and we really hit things off. She was a few years older than me, we shared many interests, and had settled into a FWB situation.Our encounters were typically on the vanilla side, but she was into some more kinky things. I hadn't really experimented much sexually, but I was being open to trying more things out. We had discussed trying out some bondage next time we met up.We got together, and both decided to try having my arms tied to her bed and have me blindfolded. Got undressed, gave her the condom since I wouldn't be able to put it on myself, and she tied me down and blindfolded me. It was teasing and oral at first, but she then straddled me and moved herself down until I was inside her. I thought it was a mistake, but she didn't stop so I asked her to confirm that I was inside. She said yes. I knew she couldn't have put the condom on, but I still asked if she had. She said no. And I froze up. I had no idea what to do, and I just fucking laid there until it was over.She untied me and I couldn't move for a while. I started hyperventilating and ran to her bathroom. She kept apologizing over and over, and when I came out of the bathroom, she had brought me paperwork from a recent STD test showing she was negative for everything. She also assured me that she was getting shots for birth control.I left. I called my wife and told her there was an accident, but I was so consumed by guilt that I just couldn't tell her the whole truth. I had to pull over on the side of the freeway because I was breaking down.I did get tested. I've been tested three times since then and all have been negative. I checked her Facebook profile for months after that to see if she was showing any signs of pregnancy. One particular picture was of her at some kind of conference, and the date on the projection in the background was seven months after the incident. She was a smaller woman, and certainly would've been showing if she was expecting.I don't know how to make sense of this. I feel I'm to blame because I just froze up and didn't stop it. Because of that, I don't feel like I can reasonably claim nonconsent. Especially when my wife herself was the victim of a violent sexual assault. She had been attacked by someone one night after work a few months before we'd started dating. I don't feel it's fair at all to compare my incident to what she had to go through.I get worked up about it thinking back still. I wake up in the middle of the night from dreams about it.I don't know what to do.TL;DR - Hooked up with a woman and she didn't put protection on me when I had given it to her. Froze up and didn't stop it. No idea what to think.
This will be a bit long, as alot has happened but bear with me. Its been awhile since this incident but everything in my life was thrown way out of wack. I broke up with my boyfriend of two years about six months ago. He sexually abused me and left me with some trauma. I was a devout Mormon (It's the way I was raised.) He was mormon to, but after about a year of dating, he started getting more agressive with me. I loved him, so I let him do whatever. I would try talk to him about it but he would always blame me. So I kept quiet. He started getting more forceful and then I was just being used. I would tell him no, but he wouldnt take it for an answer. I wasnt strong enough to move or tell anyone. It was partly my fault for letting myself be a doormat but I finally stepped back and reported him after he shoved me own a couch, covered my mouth, and forcibly penetrated me. I must clarify as the things he would usually do was just touching me with his hands and guiding me to do the same to him. After having to deal with the trauma of being raped after being a virgin, I left the church. I felt like because I wasnt a virgin anymore I was worthless. I couldnt handle the guilt of being told that I was basically a pretty wrapped up present without anything inside (a lesson I was taught in class) I cried myself to sleep for 4 months having to deal with the dreams of him doing things to me every night, I really wasnt thinking straight.I didnt have much support as my ex told my friends I was terrible and trying to get his arrested. They turned me away and the friend group I had such security in for two years was gone, just like that. I was so confused and hurt why they left me. Why they never listened to me. I already had abandonment issues as I used to live with my family of 6 in the same home, my parents got divorced and my siblings were old enough to move away so they did. I was left to the constant emotional abuse from my mother for six years. I had developed strong relationships with my friends and my used to be boyfriend. They were my foundation. Losing that, and even being raped, I tried to commit suicide (overdose). After I got out of the hospital my mom said she couldnt handle me anymore and sent me to live with my father on my birthday. I had never lived anywhere else in my life. My dad isn't really the most mentally stable guy. So really you see, this is a huge mess.After moving to the city, moving on from that depressive state, I felt only anger. I felt angry that all those people chose to leave me when I needed them. I felt angry that the man I trusted used me. I wanted revenge somehow. I wanted a positive sexual experience. So I hopped on to an app called hot or not. I was pretty popular on there, as i got many messages, and into the local listings. (If you dont know what that is its basically most liked) A 25 year old man who i thought looked decent started messaging me. We chatted a bit and I told him what I was looking for and a breif reason why. He treated me well, it was fun and I can say I better enjoyed myself. I felt guilty, but i decided to at least give myself that. I chatted to another man the same age, and after two dates it sort of turned into a hookup situation as well. For about a month I alternated and slept with these two guys. I sometimes feel incredibly guilty for this. I wanted to feel beter but I didnt. So I just kept trying and trying to feel something other than guilt but I never could.Fast forward to today, I've made a few friends but ultimatly I am keeping myself from being too close or emotionally attatched to anything. I moved into my own place with some mormon roomates. The rent is cheap and i've enrolled in a new highschool for my last year. It's a good thing I came to the city because I used to live in a small town where everyone knew my situation and looked down on me. I really need help and advice to find a middle ground. Iv'e been trying to desperatly feel secure without having anything familiar. The pain from my situation is slowly going away, but I still have some major trust and abandonment issues I don't think will go away. Anyways, Thank you so much to anyone who reads this! I will read every comment and would apprietiate any advice on what to do from now on.tl;dr: I was raped, My friends believed him and not me. They left me. I tried to commit suicide and failed. Got kicked out moved in with my dad in the city. I slept around with two guys. I am now in my own place, things have calmed down but I am still a bit of a mess. I need help on what to do with my life, and how to be able to open up again. I miss having a genuine friendship. I feel scared all the time. Any advice will be very much apprietiatedp.s. Im sorry if there are alot of typo's, I am not so good on mobile.tl;dr: I've been through some shit, now have some trust issues. I want to be able to make genuine friends again, need advice!
First off just wanted to say thanks for having this subreddit around. I'm not really a frequent Redditor but believe me I'm glad I stumbled upon it. I'm 20 now. I'm a trans man and I've been living as male for the last couple of years. But what happened to me happened a little over a year ago. I was 19, finally living on my own and going to community college, and at the time I thought I had the whole world ahead of me. I was experimenting with sex and trying to figure out what I wanted to do for the rest of my life. I went on a date with a guy I met through Grindr. In retrospect, I really should've known something was up. I assumed he was in his mid-30s. He told me he was in the closet and going through a rough divorce with his wife. And I was naive. I saw nothing wrong with meeting him at the door of his motel room and I never thought to ask him to meet me at a coffee shop or even FaceTime or talk on the phone beforehand. I felt sorry for him. I'd been in the closet before. I knew it was a rough experience so I wasn't going to judge him for his circumstances. After all, he was one of the few guys who wanted anything to do with a trans man. So I let my guard down. I didn't have a car but the motel wasn't far from my house. So I walked. It was Sunday. No one really knew about the date except for a buddy of mine, who I was going to meet up with later. I got to the motel. It was a Motel 6, hitched up by a Denny's, and set up right by the freeway. There was a lump in my throat. Once I crossed the courtyard of the motel, an employee even stopped me but I gave her the room number and told her I was "meeting a friend". She let me pass. I got to the room- it was the last room on the first floor. I knocked. The door opened. But it wasn't the man I thought I was meeting. It was a stout middle aged man and I'll never forget the smile he was wearing. I froze. He pulled me in. The door closed. It was pitch black. And it happened. He pinned me down on the bed and started ripping off my pants. I was saying no but it felt disconnected from my own mouth. And he didn't stop. I tried to fight him off. He forced me to give him a blow job. I still remember how rancid it tasted. And he kept forcing his fingers inside me. I wanted to vomit. I wanted to run. But I was frozen to the spot. The biggest irony was that he had the TV on and "Catfish" was playing. I still remember the episode because I tried to pay more attention to that then what he was doing. I was only able to leave when the housekeeper knocked on the door. He stopped. After she left, he decided he was bored with me and told me to leave. I stumbled outside and started making my way to a Starbucks down the road. I felt drained. I got into the Starbucks, stumbled into the men's room (thankfully it was a single room), locked the door and I just leaned against the sink, shaking. I met my friend later but he had no idea what happened. I told him it was just a crappy date with a catfish. Months later, he admitted that he knew something had to be up. I texted an old friend I'd known for years shortly after it happened because I didn't know who else to turn to. She told me I "triggered her" and she never talked to me again. (https://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/3mj7bq/some_friend_you_were/)I didn't really tell anyone else. Eventually, I came forward with it to a few family members. My mom pressured me to report it to the police but it'd been a couple weeks since it happened- the man had skipped town and apparently had used a fake ID to get the room. I only had a first name to go by and even then I doubted it was real. So as far as I know, he's still out there doing the same thing to other men he meets through apps. I was even seeing a therapist at the time for other issues. He was kind of a whack-job in retrospect. He believed autism was caused by food additives and that transgender people were trans because of exposure to "environmental pollutants" (he was trans himself, funny enough). He told me that to 'get over' what happened, I should go to a gay bathhouse in the next city over and have sex with anonymous men. I dropped him like a bad habit and I haven't tried going to therapy since. Weeks passed. Then months. Before too long it had been a little over a year. I have a partner now and I'm taking the year off from college. Life's been okay I guess. I don't sleep too well. I'm anxious most of the time and I barely leave the house. Not many people know what happened and I'm not really sure why I'm posting here to be honest except because I'm tired of hiding. I'm just glad my partner gets it. I feel like I'm alone. Last week I've felt like crap. It's like everything just hit me like a dump truck and I'm reminded of what happened no matter what I do. So...yeah. 
**Relationships sent me over to this sub. I am sorry if this is not the right place to post - I was not raped, just molested. If this is wrong place to post just let me know and I will gladly delete.**   I know the title seems very dramatic but I am really having a tough time right now.     My relationship with my parents has been rocky the past year or so. Aug 2014 I was feeling suicidal to the point where I had a plan in place- and I told my parents. I was sent into inpatient and told the doctors that I felt like a complete failure, that no one would love me, and I was a burden to my family. So to make it easier on everyone else, I should just kill myself because I had nothing good to give to the world.     My dad remains adamant that I wanted to kill myself because I couldn't visit my (now ex) boyfriend. And will say things like, "Are you ever going to tell the real truth on...[enter event]?" Where I HAVE told him the truth. My (now ex) boyfriend was really helpful and told me that I should tell my parents about my feelings so I could get some help. But I COULD have visited him, I had the money so it would make *no sense* to be suicidal over that.     One of those problems being that my older brother [24/M] molested me when I was younger and I have many issues that stem from that. I didn't get much male attention when I was younger and that affected my confidence - but my creepy older brother "loved" me and wanted to help me "get hot" all the time. So even the one person who "loved" me romantically didn't think I was good enough. It has really worn down on me.   Sep.2014 I was planning on slitting my wrists (changed plans because my parents took their guns away) because I DIDN'T want to tell my parents what happened with my brother. I got in an argument with my doctor where he ended up saying "if [you] do not tell your parents, you will be in and out of inpatient programs for the rest of your life." My ex-boyfriend [34/M] saved me that day and I am in debt for that.      When my mom drove me to therapy the next day I said, "I don't want to give you details. But something happened to me as a child that is effecting my therapy and that's why they want to keep me longer." And she guessed what happened. She asked these questions and I nodded my head yes.      "Was it a sexual in nature? Was it with a family member? Was it one of the boys? Was it [24Brother]?"     So she guessed it. I didn't tell the WHOLE story with details until weeks later. We talked in the van and I told them everything that happened with my brother...and my mom said my case was "bullshit" and that she has "seen worse in her line of work". (They are both police officers.) And that I would "face worse on the train to visit [boyfriend]"     My dad chalked it up to "childhood curiosity". But I have another brother who did NOTHING to me! If it was childhood curiosity then wouldn't both brothers have done something? If it was childhood curiosity then why would [24Brother] tell me he loved me "more than a sister" and wished "I wasn't born his sister so he could go out with me" when he was **18** and I was **13**?     I felt very dejected and hurt. I was willing to end my life to keep them safe from this horrible truth and THEY DIDN'T EVEN CARE. To them, it wasn't rape so it's not a big deal.     Anyway, from Jan-Aug of 2015 I lived with my (now ex) boyfriend...who turned out to be abusive. I stayed with him for longer than I should have because I *really* didn't want to come home. My [24Brother] still lives with my parents and is probably never going to move out. But once my boyfriend got physical with me- I ended it with him, called my parents and asked for help.     I have been back home and while I am extremely grateful they helped me get away from my ex...I feel like either household I live in is hell.     My dad asked me recently, "Are you ever going to tell the REAL TRUTH of what happened with [24Brother]?" and I got extremely angry. I already told them. They didn't believe me and they still don't.     *My dad* likes to make jokes about me having "daddy issues" and that's why I was attracted to my ex who is obviously MUCH older than me. But when I tell him that if I have daddy issues then obviously he fucked up somewhere. He has mocked me on my way to work sing songy saying "~Oh no one loves me. I never got attention. Boofuckingwhoo~". He wonders why I have issues but he has a horrible idea about women. Everything is a "typical woman" bullshit. Typical woman, stupid driver. Typical woman, being crazy. Typical woman, being stupid. Typical woman, money hungry whores.     I feel like I should just go back to my abusive ex and wait for him to kill me in tweeker rage. Or get a sugar daddy and sell everything about myself because I just cannot TAKE this. He finds NOTHING wrong with anything he does and I am just an ungrateful brat.   I don't know how to have a healthy relationship and everything is going wrong right now. I don't like being at home because my abuser lives with me and my parents don't believe me, my ex is harassing me to the point I have had to delete many accounts, since I can't have a FB I can't talk to friends (no phone).   I am lonely. I am stressed. I don't want to kill myself but I have no clue what to do.   Should I try again to be on talking terms with my father? Should I go back to my ex and use him to get into Jobcorps and runaway?**tl;dr Dad doesn't believe that my older brother molested me when I was younger. Constantly fight with him since I have been back home from abusive relationship. Feeling desperate and lonely**
I posted a few months back about my rape story. I've been having severe flashbacks of it recently and I've been trying to come out to more of my friends. I only told one friend because she is really trusting. But anyway. Why the fuck am I the one that gets sexually assaulted twice in a few months time span?  This wasn't rape by definition but it was one of those surreal moments where you can't believe that it's happening to you. He put himself inside my mouth while I was in the state of sleep where you can't tell what's real and what's not. The only way I knew was the taste in my mouth and my hand was wet. I'm so pissed off. Both at him and myself for continuing to be vulnerable. I try to be social again for once and this is what happens. Fuck..sorry for strong language. Other than people who were molested as a child, constantly. is it rare to be assaulted more than once by two different people? Why is it the strangers who you thought were cool people? Why does this fucking happen! I'm struggling not to hurt myself again... 
Over a year ago I met a guy named A.J. I was new to a school in Denver and I became close with one of his friends so he added me on Facebook. We didn't really speak until June, when he basically messaged me on Facebook for a booty call and I was getting over my ex and he was fucking hot so I was totally for it. He comes over, we awkwardly attempt sex, I give him head, he leaves. We keep talking, we kinda got close pretty fast, we hung out a few times and we made out a lot and yeah whatever I didnt really think he was interested. I mean, I was into him but he was kindve dicky so I started flirting with his friend Robert, and me and Robert kinda hit it off I guess we really just pretended to like eachother and then we started dating. But before that happened I asked A.J if he minded, and if he even cared I was going to date his close friend and of course he was like "lol idgaf bruh" so I carried on with my relationship but, me and A.J didnt tell Robert that we had done anything, and A.J "felt bad" and decided he wanted to tell him, but I was in FL visiting and A.J was in Ireland visiting at the time so I was like "fuck no lets wait until we are both home and tell him in person" but of course A.J didnt listen and the truth came out but Robert didn't really care because we weren't dating at the time and I barely even knew him so it wasnt in his place to get mad at me, but I got furious with A.J for not just waiting because even though Robert "wasn't mad" it was like two whole days of petty drama and it would've been easier if we waited. So, I told A.J I was angry and not to fucking talk to me and then we stopped talking until we both got back to Denver. I went to Robert's place and he was there and the whole fucking time he just talked about us "fucking" and shit to piss of Robert and I was hella upset because I liked him most of that summer and he was just such a bitchhhhhhhh. So school started, we had classes together, I ignored him really and then a bunch of dumb drama started he spread rumors about me and made people hate me and it eventually led to me and Robert breaking up cause I was so fucking over of it. Most of the school year went by the same way, he made fun of me and spread rumors, I would beg him to relax and we'd have a "heart to heart" and the next day he would be right back at it. He told a few people during the year that I broke his heart, and that he liked me and that he was really depressed now and I, of course, felt fucking horrible and tried and tried and tried to get to him to talk to me and admit how he felt because this whole time I liked him too and it never worked he was always stubborn. So, March comes along and I decide to tell him that if he tells me why hes so upset with me I'll have sex with him. And, like any teenage boy he hops right on that idea and we make plans to do it in the balcony room of our theatre. I wasn't actually going to do it, I was going to get him there and beg him to explain himself to me. So, he gets there, and I start talking and asking him to tell me the truth and I said "Im not fucking having sex with you, I had to lie to get youto come here do you fucking realize how insane this is" and while I'm talking he pulls his fucking pants down. Ive been raped before and all sexual experiences are really just nerve racking and forced for me, so I got really scared and still and he pulls me in for a hug and it was really uncomfortably tight and it seemed angry and he tells me that he "fucking came here for sex" and that its "okay to do it" and to just "go ahead" so, he pushes my head down very forcefully and angrily and I kept saying "No, no, no, no please no" but he doesnt stop and he makes me start sucking it and I was crying and shaking and gagging and freaking out and he kept telling me it was okay and that I want it and he wouldn't stop pushing my head down forcefully and after about 5 minutes he got up, pat me on the head and left. After that I cried in my best friends arms for like an hour, and for a month after I convinced myself it was consensual but after awhile I got sick of the lies and I told my best friend and my theatre teacher who both begged me to tell my counselor. My counselor got cops involved, which got my parents involved, which lead to lots of interrogations where they asked horrible questions I was too fucking nervous to even explain. They eventually just ruled it as it being all my fault and A.J was off the hook. Summer went by, things were nice until my parents snapped and started making fun of me for "lying about getting raped" and since then the nightmares have been worse, I have hallucinations, all I think about is A.J and its hard not blaming myself when cops blamed me, my parents blamed me and Im sure A.J blames me. I really loved him that whole school year until the incident. I always thought there was something deep down good about him for me to figure out and try to understand. I always loved what a mystery he was and how hard it was to get him to open up. It made me want to know more. And now, Im realizing what he really his and its fucking hard. I was in love with the man who raped me, and I dont know if I still am or not sometimes. I blame myself, I feel like he didnt understand what he was doing. I want to forgive him. Sometimes I want to hug him and other times I want to get a bat and beat him while screaming. I just want closure. I just want him to admit what he did and tell me why the fuck he was so okay with hurting me. I dont fucking know what to do.
So background: I'm 23, just graduated university and have moved back home w/ the fam. Have a history of fairly severe mental illness (severe in terms of functionality impairment, pretty boring diagnoses) inc. depression, anxiety, undiagnosed but obvious PTSD. Raped 10 years ago, violently. Not to parse between severe/less severe types of rape - just it was violent, and horrible. I have not ever told my family what happened. Boyfriend knows, best friend knows, a few other close friends know, and I have a private blog that I use to write about Feelings and stuff.Basically, my sister (15) found the blog somehow - which in itself is a bit concerning as I have no idea how she would. The only thing I can think is I accidentally left it logged in on the communal ipad or something, when I used it last month after breaking my phone. Anyway, she reads this private blog, which is 4 years worth of incredibly personal stuff about my relationships both romantic and otherwise, my family, my life, and, of course, the fact I was raped when I was 13. I've been posting more about it recently b/c of the 10 year anniversary, and it's made me think about it more than I usually do - which isn't really that often. She reads this all, and tells my mum. So I now feel doubly violated, have no space to write anything down, and my mum is incredibly upset by the revelations. My dad (luckily) is more of a stoic sort of person but the three of us sat down last night, my mum forcing me to stay, both of us crying hysterically. It was awful. I never wanted them to find out ever, and now I feel disgusting and dirty and sickened. I really don't think I can ever forgive my sister. I haven't been able to be in the same room as her since I found out she read all my stuff, and I don't see that changing any time soon. I don't even feel angry particularly, just absolutely violated and betrayed - again. I deleted the blog last night - four years of stuff, chat logs I loved and wanted to keep, photos of me and the boyfriend, everything. I didn't save any of it because it all feels poisoned now  I know my sister, who I dont even get on well with, has read it all.Sorry for the long post. Just feel absolutely wrong inside myself and wanted to get it down somewhere. 
he wasnt supposed to harm mehe did not have to protect me, but he wasnt supposed to harm me
Two years ago, a "friend" took me to his house to get out of my mind drunk (was having a bad day), and I collapsed on his floor from drinking so much and threw up on myself a little. I woke up completely naked in a dark room, looking at the ceiling. Still being drunk, I wasn't sure where I was or who I was with-- but someone was doing stuff to me and I just laid there silently because to be honest, I wasn't sure what was going on or what I may have done. The next day I was taken home, where I thought things through and realized I did not give consent-- I was raped. I have not spoken to him since, but a mutual friend had a talk with him and to make sure he was to never speak to me again.I know the obvious answer is yes, I should definitely tell my new housemate-- however, no matter if on/off, they are still friends regardless. I was under the impression that her bf moved away, but to my dismay, he is still here.The reason I don't want to tell her is because they have a strong friendship, and I have only just met her. I would rather be out of the house than to make their relationship messy and complicated. And I also do not want to have to talk about the details of what happened to my housemate, or the event to be brought up to her bf-- I don't want to face him or that night again. IF there is drama between them about it, I don't want to be involved in it.I should tell her because even if he isn't doing it to her, he still did it regardless. And she should know that side of him. But it was a long time ago. He might have changed after my friend talked to him about it. I should tell her because the moment she brought her bf over while I was in the kitchen, I threw my food in the sink, ran into my room and cried in my closet until someone picked me up. I don't feel safe or comfortable in my own home if he is here-- but he doesn't come here often, and I feel as if I should deal with this on my own and not ruin my housemate+his flow of things.So reddit, do I tell her? If I do, how should I approach the subject and handle the eventual drama to come out of it?Tl;dr my new housemate (who I barely knew) has an on/off boyfriend that raped me when I was drunk two years ago. I don't want to tell her because I don't want to ruin their friendship/flow of things and because I can simply leave if he is around. But at the same time, maybe I should tell her?
I am 20 years old and when I was at away at school i was followed up to my apartment and raped. I was held down by the neck and legs while being called very derogatory names. And then the fucking asshole covered my face in cum and spit on me. then left.This was about 2 months ago, since then I came home and have taken the semester off from school.Being raped fucked me up both physically and mentally. One huge issue being my sex life. I have been dating my boyfriend who is 26 for a year and a half. He has having more trouble having sex with me than I am having it with him.A lot of the time i do try and have sex he can't get hard or says no. He says its because every time we try he visualizes what has happened to me and can't believe that any guy would do that to another women.BUT heres the problem, he can watch completely degrading porn and get off that way. Let me get this out of the way, Men I do not have an issue with porn.However, I do have an issue with the fact that he can watch porn, and not have sex with me. The one reason I know this is because I fell asleep one night after Trying to have sex and I woke up and he was literally sitting next to me jerking off watching extremely degrading porn.I pretended to be asleep becasue I did not understand and I wanted to find out more information before I confontred him.The next day i then went on his computer and I found the type of porn he watches.my boyfriend was watching a bukkake video. he also watches amature facials and gang bangs.ALL OF THIS is what he says he "cant imainge another person doing to a woman" Which is the main reason why he cant have sex becasue of my sexual assault.Having sex again is hard enough after begin raped. but knowing that he can jerk off but cant have sex really really hurts. it also hurts that he enjoys watching all of this shit but tells me how gross he thinks it is.I confronted him and i asked him and he said "its not my fault that i liked facials before you were raped" he said sorry im into weird shit. and that was it he wouldnt continue that conversation.I just dont know what the hell im dealing with. he tells me one things but watches the other. and why would he want to watch that after Ive been raped in that way:( its really hard to understand.  please helpTL;DR; I was raped and my boyfriend says its emotionally to hard to have sex with me because he hates to think of me getting humiliated and degraded. However, he can watch porn and jerk off to humiliating and degrading things.
I keep playing a scenario in my head over and over again -- I walk into a coffee shop or a museum or somewhere totally recreationally random, and he walks in behind me. I turn around, and our eyes meet.What should I do?The dream would have it all -- from cursing him out so the entire place would hear and slapping him hard to avoiding him with my eyes on the floor, ashamed. But I can't stop thinking about what I would actually do. If I really saw him, would I burst out in tears? Is there something I /should/ do? What would you do?
So me and my fiancé have been together 6 years and were getting married in a month. Before we were seeing each other I was raped by a football player. One of the reasons I love my fiancé so much is because he has never wanted to watch football. It's one of my trigger but I never really had to talk about it because he never had any interest in watching it so it was never an issue. During the last month though he has been all about football and I told him that it triggered me and he just doesn't care. He forces me to leave the room so he can watch it. He has said to me "if it was such an issue why didn't you ever say anything before". He just doesn't understand. Do you guys have any advice? 
Lately I've been listening to "Tag, You're It" by Melanie Martinez. That should give you an idea of the genre. Indie, Pop, Alternative.I know it might sound odd, but this kind of music just helps me get it all out. Sometimes I just need a sad song that I can relate to to help me get rid of it. Thank you.
This is my first time posting something like this, please be respectful. I really need some answers and I couldn’t ask any of my friends about it since I’m a very reserved person and I don’t want them to see my gf in a different way. Excuse my grammar. English is not my first language.  I’ve been with my gf about 1yr and half now and I love her a lot. I couldn’t imagine my life without this woman. She is amazing and really works hard to make me happy. When I first met her, I discovered she had a child on our second date. She told me the dad wanted nothing to do with the kid. Obviously, it didn't put me off. I’m not the type of person that judge people without knowing their story first. Besides, I’ve always loved children. Anyway, Sam (my girlfriend’s daughter) was two years old back then. My gf acted very normal and whenever we went out, she would leave Sam with her mother or sister. Completely understandable. However, as time flew by I started to notice how different my gf was compared to other mothers. She didn’t show any type of affection towards Sam…and if I did show, she would turn sour, giving me the cold shoulder for hours! Recently, she confessed that Sam had been conceived through rape. Im still devastated and angry. How could anyone hurt her like this? How could I have been so clueless? (1. She doesn’t have nightmares or “flashbacks”.2. Our sex life is very good. Yes, I noticed she was less experienced than I was but that doesn’t mean anything)My gf told me she was a virgin before that dreadful day and felt that everything was taking away from her. She didn’t marry as a virgin and to make things worse, had a child out of wedlock.Everything started to make sense. I remembered one time (almost 9 months into the relationship) I was trying to make Sam say mommy instead of mom and call me daddy (that’s how much I love these girls). Yep. It did backfired. My gf waited until we were alone and told me, I quote (I wouldn’t want to take responsibility of an unwanted child). Now I understand what she meant by it. What she really wanted to say (“rapist child”)Sorry for the long post guys but I seriously don’t know what to do. Im rather tired of constantly telling her that it doesn’t matter and that I will be there for them. If I marry this woman, I know I won’t want Sam to be treated like this in front of me. Problem? Unfortunately, Im not her “real” father. I feel like I will never have a say in what’s best for her.
I reported my Rape to my school and I tell you that wasTheWorstMistakeEver!!!Ever since, it is uncomfortable both at school and at home. I'm on lockdown at home. I have no freedom. Plus, my mother doesn't believe me and says that's what I get. I contracted herpes from my Rape and she said that's good for me also. All the school keeps telling me is "It will get worse before it gets better" but it really won't. Unless I move out. How do I deal with this? If you know and recognize my username you know my mother is abusive. If not, mom is abusive. This is so complicated and uncomfortable. Help please? How do I cope? I do NOT want therapy. Thanks
This is going to be very long, but there's a TL;DR and I'm trying to paint an accurate picture for you, to avoid miscommunication. Thanks ahead of time for reading. A year ago last night I was raped by an acquaintance. I won't go into the gory details, but it was not an "oops, we were drunk, I just didn't want to have sex" sort of situation. It was extremely violent and hateful, very painful, and apparently premeditated (it came out in trial that we had mutual friends so he had stalked me through social media). To make things worse, this happened less than three weeks after an exceptionally painful breakup - I was already emotionally vulnerable. I went straight from the scene to the hospital (I wasn't even fully dressed yet), had a rape kit done, they patched me up the best they could, and I cooperated as best I could with police. TBH, I don't really remember any of that cooperation with the police. I do remember silently crying through the rape kit, and screaming out in pain during the more invasive bits. I think the only reason I did the "right things" is because I had previously worked in the legal field and had helped represent victims of rape and trauma. I knew what needed to be done, and my body went on autopilot and did it. I have seen video footage of the responding officer's bodycam, and it's obvious I had emotionally shut down. I had a very flat affect, I was giving complete but emotionally void answers, and I avoided eye contact. BUT the words that were coming out of my mouth - they were completely different from what my face and voice were conveying. Like, my face and voice would be flat and deadpan, but the words...if you had written it out, verbatim, what I was saying, it would have read as if I were fine. I was articulate and descriptive and polite and kind, but it was all delivered with the most deadpan, blank face and voice. It was actually the creepiest part of reviewing the evidence for trial. When my psychologist and psychiatrist reviewed the medical records and video footage to better help me come up with a treatment plan, they both agreed I was in a severe state of shock, and kept my psychological reaction to the trauma in mind while developing a course of action. It was a severe reaction, but I started to come out of the fog within a few days and although I exhibit symptoms of PTSD, they say I am extraordinarily well-adjusted and am exhibiting appropriate reactions to the psychological aftermath of such an event. Anyway, I went through with pressing charges, and moved on with my life. I went back to school, rekindled a now-fantastic relationship with the man I had parted ways with prior to this event, got a new job doing something I love, and started therapy with a psychologist who specializes in trauma and PTSD. Two months ago, the guy was found guilty at trial. We have a sentencing hearing in a few months, but for the most part, it's finally over. On the outside, I am bravely moving on with my life, graciously accepting strangers' support, speaking to teenagers about the dangers of rape and how to defend themselves, and generally being the picture of healthy, well-integrated emotional recovery. Privately, though, over the past year I had cut myself off from the world. I interacted with coworkers, I made small talk with strangers in line, I interacted with people online, and I worked on improving my relationship with my boyfriend and improving myself so I can be in a better mindset *for* a relationship, but outside of that, I couldn't really bear to have any sort of meaningful interaction with anyone other than my boyfriend and parents. Even then, it took me months to speak to my parents and boyfriend again, and I would cry when even my dog showed me affection. I stopped talking to my local friends. My best friend from college was the only friend I still spoke to at all and most of the time I avoided his calls, only picking up maybe once a month. He felt relatively safe to speak to, somehow, perhaps because he lives four hours away. My ~~therapist~~ psychologist asked me why I wasn't talking to people and why I wasn't being social. At first I hid behind the guise of "well I'm broke and I don't want to spend money, so I'm not going out." He had to gently point out that spending time with loved ones or answering the phone or replying to a text doesn't really cost money. I insisted that I hadn't cut myself off, but then when I got home that night, I realized that no one texted me anymore, no one but my best friend from college and my parents called me anymore (I live with my boyfriend so we don't really need to call each other) and none of them interact with me on social media anymore. At my ~~therapist's~~ psychologist's urging, I took a baby step and sent out a text to the people I care about:>I know I haven’t been a very good friend lately. I’ve been through a lot since last September (to be honest, I don’t even know how much I’ve opened up to you about it) and my next step for healing is to try to reach out to those I care about and repair relationships I let fall to the side in the meanwhile. I want you to know that I care about you and I miss you, even though I’ve been really shitty at showing it. I withdrew for a long time, and then I was convinced you were upset with me for (mostly) ignoring you, and I’m sorry if you are or were. Full disclosure: I can’t promise I’ll always be able answer phone calls or texts, and I can’t promise I’ll be able to go out and do stuff, but I do promise that I care about you and miss you and I'm working towards being able to do those things again. Please don’t write me off yet!I sent it to the eight people I felt were my closest friends before this whole incident. Four didn't respond at all, one gave me a generic "I know you've been going through a lot, it's fine" response but didn't answer when I texted back, one couple were super supportive and explained that the love me and they know I've been going through a lot, and that they're always here for me, and one just answered back "K."I'm super grateful for that one couple who gets it. But I'm extremely hurt at the other responses, and while I totally understand that I've been impossible to connect with for the past year, these are people that I wholeheartedly believed were true friends, who had been by my side and I by theirs through thick and thin, hell and high water, and nothing had ever torn us apart before. It really just drives home the fact that while I took time to try to heal myself, I caused irreparable damage to my other relationships. I miss my friends. I miss them so goddamn much. One of my closest local friends has a birthday in August, and every year we go to his parents' beach house to celebrate. We make it a few days' long vacation, and their dog sleeps in my bed, and we spend time as a "family". This year, I didn't go. I lied and hid behind a cold and ear infection I had recently gotten, saying I was still sick and didn't feel up to the drive.  They haven't spoken to me since the text conversation where I said I wasn't coming. It took a lot to reach out like that, even if it was just a baby step. I feel like I extended this olive branch and got nothing but stony glares. I am happy with every other aspect of my life. I am comfortable with myself again, I love myself more than I ever did in the past, I have a great job, a wonderful boyfriend, a good relationship with my parents, and I sleep well at night again. But this recent attempt at reconnecting with people I care about has really thrown me for a loop - I guess I didn't expect that reaction from them and it hurts. Am I being overly sensitive? Am I expecting too much in too little time? Did I make a mistake sending that text? I couldn't really bear the idea of calling or meeting people face to face - my PTSD symptoms are getting better, but **emotional intimacy is still painfully difficult for me with anyone other than boyfriend and parents, and calling or meeting people to have that discussion would have been forcing me to open up on a level I'm not ready for yet.** Do I just need to find new friends? The prospect of creating and cultivating new friendships from scratch is terrifying to me right now. Although I don't think I'll be like this forever (I've already made a great deal of progress in just the past year, and I'm trying to be realistic about my goals and setbacks), I can't help but feel like I'm being punished by people I once loved because of how a traumatic event (that I had no control over) affected me. I've tried talking to my mom about this, and she just keeps telling me to "see a professional". This isn't so much about my recovery, because I'm making steady progress. This is about how my "friends" reacted when I reached out to them. I do see my psychologist twice a week, for hour-long sessions. He's been amazing. He's helped me get to the root of a lot of my problems, and I've learned to put the anger and resentment from this event past me, and to channel the energy into more constructive things, like my music, self-improvement, and work. We work together with a psychiatrist who monitors my progress and offers suggestions if she believes I might need medical help (for a while we had me on some sleep meds to help me get through the nights). In addition to my therapist/psych team, I also attend a grief and trauma support group every other week, and make a point of getting a lot of exercise and sticking to my nutritionist's recommendations. (A physically healthy body does wonders when the mind is in turmoil!)Please, if you have any insight, let me know. Also, thank you so much just for reading all of this; it has been a great cathartic weight off my chest just to type this all out.    **tl;dr: I was raped a year ago, shut down emotionally, withdrew from society, and cut almost everyone out of my life. I've been slowly rebuilding my life and healing, and am finally in a happy place again. But now that I'm trying to reach out to old friends, it seems they are angry with me for abandoning them and are no longer invested in the friendships. I miss them and I don't know what to do.**
If someone says they are in an abusive situation far away is there someone or a group one can contact to help out?The long story short is that a friend has developed a friendship with someone online who says they're in a situation wherein they have been abused multiple times and Amarillo Texas, he lives in New York. Is there someone one should contact about this?
Backstory: My girlfriend was raped by a "good" friend last week. she was traumatized by the breach of trust between her and this guy. He was blackout drunk. they have been good friends for about 4 years.I wanted her to go to the police. I wanted her to never talk to this man again.  Well, Turns out she has seen him in private the last 2 days to "talk" about what happened.  He doesn't remember, she wants to forgive and move on.  This is a total change of what she told me crying into my arms for about 5 days after it happened. What the fuck do I do?  Im sickened.  She calls it a "mistake" on his fault and that she knows he cares about her. This is so fucked up. i dont know what to do. Am i Wrong for wanting to keep him away from her? He violated the woman I love. She doesn't want to lose one of her best friends. I dont want him near her. She got mad at me for getting upset after finding out. She says "Its my situation and you need to respect how i want to deal with it"
I've known my friend for almost ten years. She got engaged to her boyfriend last October. I met him the same night she did and a year later I asked him to do some work for me. I wanted to pay him for it but she said not to. So instead I offered to buy him a drink (with the unspoken acknowledgement that it would be when the three of us were together.)Well, I guess he didn't think so because when he came to town (they live far away), he invited me to hang out. I ran it by her and she was surprised because apparently he didn't tell her. But she didn't tell me not to hang out with him and he still wanted to do, so I was like fine, whatever.We ended up drinking and he came back to my place to crash on the couch. He then ended up kissing me until I pushed him away. I kept suffering blackouts but I repeatedly pushed him away throughout the night and he kept taking off my clothes and forcing himself on me. It ended up with him on top of me and me repeatedly hitting him until he finally stopped.The thing is, we drank the same amount and he's almost twice my size. If I had the common sense to try to stop him, he should of never started.Anyway, I decided to forget about it and let it go but he kept texting me trying to be friends. I should of cut him off but I was like, maybe I'm over reacting? But now that I've had some time between the incident, I don't think I am.Anyway, I wanted to tell my friend and tried to ease her into it by talking about how we (me and her fiance) had been talking. (Because according to him, she knew we were talking.)Well, surprise surprise, she didn't know we were talking and flipped out, blaming me for us getting together that night (um, no, it was his idea), blaming me for letting him getting drunk (um, no, again), basically for everything that happened. So why should I bother telling her about what fully happened that night?So basically she's not talking to me and I washed my hands of that. Its whatever, if she can't hold her fiance responsible for the little things why would she hold him responsible for the big things?tl;dr: my friend's fiance took advantage of me while I was drunk and my friend and I had a falling out - but she doesn't know about the full story.
Okay background, A was raped by B though she isn't up to reporting it nor telling everyone. Myself and another friend overheard A break down in front of her SO.Now the tricky part, we know B he's still walking around free and is now getting a job in a position of responsibility. The kind of job you would be truck off from with that on your record. Also by the manner of his breakups I'm not wholly convinced its the only time.Short of pushing A to report it years after the fact (i'm aware how fucked up that would be) is there anything useful we can do? The inaction is eating at us, it's not even my place to 'out' her as a survivor.This has been turning over in my head for a while but i cant come up with a good course of action,meanwhile he's still out there potentially alone with vulnerable people.
I have a friend, I'll call him John. He's 23 now. We used to be really good friends, and he was happy and outgoing and confident. Then about two years ago he suddenly became withdrawn and didn't want to be around me or anyone else. I tried to keep talking with him and being his friend but he never really talked as much as he used to. I'd ask him what was wrong or what happened but he'd either tell me he didn't know or he didn't want to talk about it.About two weeks ago, he asked if we could chill, so I was happy to be spending time with him like we used to. While we're sitting around he says he wants to tell me something I won't like. I said it's fine. He told me that two years ago he was raped by another guy. I thought he was joking, so I started laughing. Then he just started bawling.I didn't really know what to do. I comforted him as best I could but I didn't know what to do or say besides patting him on the back and going, "It's ok" and "I'm so sorry." I don't know how many times I apologized. In the end he just told me it was ok and he left.We haven't spoken since that last time two weeks ago.I fucked up really bad. What do I do?
     I'm honestly not sure if this fits here, because for the longest time I believed that the groping was not "real" sexual assault and what happened to me was just more of a creeper type of experience.  The problem with that view is that I basically denied that my personal space and self was violated by some random old man, and I honestly have blamed myself for what happened that day.  I have only ever spoken about this with my husband, and it was recent, I mean I haven't even told my therapist (who I see essentially for drug addiction; laying everything out today) about this because I felt that it was inconsequential to the abuse that others go through, and I felt like if I called it sexual assault I was seeking attention or trying to make something out of nothing.     I was 18 when I started attending VCU in Richmond.  I was horribly homesick, but the only way to come home more often than holiday breaks was to take a Greyhound bus back to the ESVA.  I had taken the bus at least six times before and it was always a pleasant experience; I would have my cd player (yeah old story haha), some books and be good to go.  The only part of the trip I didn't like was the 90 minute layover in Norfolk as it was just a seedy, run-down, dirty station in a not-so-hot part of the city.       For a little background as to why I let this happen: I have always been overweight, for as long as I remember.  When I started at VCU I was pushing 210 at 5'6" and had zero self-esteem, always had and this is something I still struggle with, even after losing 50+ pounds I still see just that fat, shy girl with glasses and a dick boyfriend all through high school who REALLY didn't help matters; but that is a completely different story itself.       Anyways, the bus on leaving Richmond would make like 4-5 stops before everyone getting off at Norfolk for the bus that would run from there to New York, and that one is the one I would take to my home.  The last stop before Norfolk was about 45 minutes before the station, and if anyone on here is familiar with the area you know about the bridge tunnels.  The Norfolk area is part of a larger area known as the "7 Cities", which a sprawling metropolis connected by an interstate and a series of bridges and underwater tunnels.  (I am sorry for the unthought-out way this is written, I just started typing)      At the last stop before Norfolk an elderly gentleman (probably late 60s-70s, very skinny and frail looking) got on the bus, and it was kinda full so he sat next to me.  I really didn't think anything of it and I smiled at him and nodded, and went back to reading my book.  After about 10-15 minutes I feel this feather-light touch on the side of my thigh, just a tickle.  I look up at the man and he is staring directly ahead, eyes focused on the seat in front of him.  I figured I was imagining things, or it was an accident and he was embarrassed.  Nope.  About 5 minutes later the bus goes through the first tunnel and that's when the hand came back.  This time he started rubbing the bottom of my thigh, squeezing my fat, and then rubbing again with these horrible spidery fingers that I can still fucking feel as I write this.  I have now realized that this is no damn accident, and I sincerely regret to say I froze.  Literally frozen, like a rabbit trying to hide, and the whole time this creeper is just rubbing my right thigh, up and down, tickling me and getting closer and closer to my crotch.       This goes on for at least another 10 minutes, basically until we get to the Norfolk station.  The whole time he is rubbing and caressing me he is sitting stock-still, eyes locked on the seat in front of him; I am in essentially the same pose, but with tears streaming down my face just trying to pretend that some random fucking old man is not trying to now shove his hand down my crotch.  The only movement the two of us make the whole time is me pressing my thighs together and his one gnarly hand just roaming up and down my right thigh and crotch.  It was so weird, the way he didn't even look at me... I don't know how to explain it, like I disgusted him, or he was trying to pretend that his hand was just magically doing this and he didn't have a clue, I don't know.       We get to the Norfolk station and then he looks at me, confused as to why I am crying and shaking.  He then fucking THANKS ME and proceeds to get off the bus.  I wait until everyone else is gone trying to regain some composure, and also trying to track the old man in the crowd.  I see him enter the station where I have a 90 minute layover.  Fuck.  I haul ass off the bus, grab my fucking bright pink Samsonite (totally awesome way to make yourself noticeable as hell) and then book it to the ladies bathroom, lock myself in a stall just shaking and crying and waiting for either the old man to come into the bathroom and finish what he started, or the bus to come.       Thankfully he never came in and he wasn't on the new bus I had to board.  I didn't tell my parents about what happened because I didn't want them to worry about me.  Why didn't I tell anyone at the station?? Why didn't I tell the bus driver, security, anyone, or even the old man to not fucking touch me?? Why did I sit there for almost 30 minutes letting some perv get his rocks off by terrorizing a shy, vulnerable fat girl?? Seriously, why?? I have no clue, I honestly don't.  I felt it was my fault, I must have given him some sign or something by being polite; and then I didn't say anything to him THE WHOLE TIME he was touching me.  I mean, who the fuck does that?       Thank you old man, for ruining my trip home to my family, for destroying my trust in people (the area where I was raised, seriously everyone knows everyone; the running joke is you sneeze in one town and someone in a town 30 miles down the road says bless you- it's that bad), for destroying what little innocence I had left.  Thank you for making me nauseous when my husband starts rubbing me with a light touch, thank you for just shitting on my life.       But thank you for letting me share this story...I hope it will help someone else who had something similar happen who feels like it doesn't count as assault...because it is.  I gave him no permission to touch my person, and he did anyway, like he owned me.  Again, if this doesn't belong here, please let me know where it does and I will remove it.  Thank you again, because just sitting here typing this out has made me run a gambit of emotions and feelings I needed to feel.       
I don't mean to be crass, but for anyone who has been raped/abused/assaulted, did you ever reach a point where you felt like you got over it? Like it was nothing more than a blur in the rear view? I feel like I pushed so hard to be normal that I somehow convinced myself everything was okay. A part of me acknowledged that something was wrong, but I beat it back because I was afraid of dealing with it. It worked for a while--years even--and to be honest I think it might have helped in a way, but things pop up every now and then that remind me of it.Anxiety is probably my worst issue. I have a problem with being alone with some men. I'll go out with guys friends all the time and be totally fine, but sometimes things come up, even with people I've known for several years. Usually it's reserved, middle-aged men that get to me. It's something about the look in their eyes--I really can't explain it very well--when they're focused on me (like having a conversation) that makes me feel anxious. The annoying thing is that it's completely unpredictable. Some days I'm good with them, and other days I'm not.I panicked one time, really badly at work. The attitude of a male patient set me off. I'm good at what I do, and typically just things like that aside, but I think I was under a lot of stress at the time and that moment just topped off an already bad problem. No one saw me, so I didn't have to talk about it (slipped into the bathroom).I guess what I'm trying to figure out is what it's like for other people, long after the fact. I know everyone is different, but how are you holding up?I've talked to two friends only about the incident, and didn't go into detail. I never reported it because I was scared, but found out that he died in jail recently (looked him up). I snuck out at night to meet up with a friend when I was 13 because I was a stupid teenager. Went to her house, some family friend was out back smoking and saw us, he made her go inside, and told me he'd drive me home. I was so scared of what my parents would say that I got in the car, told him how to get to my house, and he drove right past it (after going "that one?" and me nodding). He drove down the block a little and stopped near a grassy area between some houses. I went to get out, but he grabbed my hair and jerked my head down to his pants. I was naive for a 13 year old, but figured it out. Everything happened so fast, I'm not sure I was even really, well, there. He told me he knew where I lived, and that he would hurt me if I tried to bite. I ran home and snuck back in. I stopped talking to the girl. She was hurt, but we were just kids and I haven't seen her in 8 years.I didn't mean to write all of that, but I guess it tells you where I'm coming from. I want this to be something in my life's rear view, but whenever I come close to sending it back there, something flares up and drags it back to the surface. How do you deal with the little parts of every day life that bother you? How long ago did it happen/end? Would you consider yourself "over" your ordeal, or is it something you just accept and learn to live with?
 I met Boy when I was 14 and believed he was the love of my life. We'd come and go for about 2 years but he was my best friend and never intended on abandoning him.  One day we went to a party, where I knew roughly no one and started feeling anxious. He offered himself to leave with me, since I couldn't stand being there anymore. We went to his house a couple blocks away. Not my first time there, but it was the last. Started playing story mode on smash bros, had to defeat this pokemon. I said i knew this pokemon and was almost sure its name started with an S. Boy said that if it didn't, I should go down on him. It didn't start with an S. Boy pulled his penis out and kept staring at me, with that "what are you waiting for" attitude. Note that he was very alcoholized. I crumbled into the pressure, feeling dirty as a pig and dimnished to nothing. My anxiety kicks in again, I lose all the trust I had on him, but pretended it was ok. Fast foward a couple months to this march, I start feeling like shit about it again. Tried sending him some messages to get it off my chest and the very next day he says I ruined his day, his libido and that he hated me. Stopped talking to me ever since, but I still have to see him everyday in my school.  It really hurts to know that a person who I held in such high regard could do all of this, and I have no idea of what to do or think.
So, a little backstory first. I've been a "prude" for most of my life. I never showed skin, even in the heat of summer. I would wear a regular bra, a sports bra over that and a tank top at any given time, always with a shirt of some kind over the top. I normally hid in a big jacket with a hood and holes in the sleeves for my thumbs. I hated anything of a sexual nature. From jokes to porn to slightly suggestive scenes in movies. I was a "school marm" in my mum's words. But I've come out of my shell in the past 4 years after a brush with death. (Liver disease and Lupus among other things but that's a different story I'd be happy to tell anyone interested.) I am currently with my 2nd boyfriend in my entire 18 years. He's fantastic, a little inattentive at times but I love him dearly. He's really the one to thank for bringing me out of my hatred for sex. I always saw it as a thing that was meant for only men to enjoy. This isn't meant to offend anyone here. It's just what I thought from what I'd seen and experienced. My boyfriend was so gentle. He was forward and told me right away he was a bit of a horn dog. I respected his honesty and felt comfortable being honest with him. I told him I'd never done anything beyond holding hands. He was surprised but very respectful. He moved slowly and any time we did anything he would stop and ask "Too much?" Thinking back now I think I know the root of my problem. When I was 7 I had a large group of cousins. All of them boys ranging from ages 9 to 17. 2 of them in particular were my favorites. We'll call them K and T. T was 16, slim but muscular and while he loved to scare me with ghost stories and masks he was very protective and kind. K was 14. He was scrawny and very sarcastic and funny. K, T and I played in the small wooded area behind my house often and when I got a nice new playhouses for my birthday we dubbed it our clubhouse. One night while we were playing in our clubhouse, T went to go get me some Pediasure because I had a hard time eating anything g and he didn't want to eat pizza in front of me without me having something. As soon as T left K, who was on the second floor of the clubhouse, told me to come up because he had "a surprise" for me. I climbed up the stairs and found him standing g with his back to me and he seemed to be shaking(?) Only one of his hands were visible. As I got closer I could see he was, well, whacking it. Of course at 7 years old I don't really understand any of this at all. So I'm not really concerned, more than anything my stupid self is curious. So I watch him for moment and then he tells me to lie down. I'm confused but being shy and obedient I do as he says. He gets down on his knees and moves over me. At this point I'm getting a little scared. Then he reaches for my underwear. (I should mention I was in a summer dress. At this point I hadn't developed my "prude"- like habits.) I have been through the kindergarten "bad touch" talk and I know that what he's doing is wrong even if I'm not so sure why just yet. So push him as hard as I can but all I managed to do was make him lose his balance. He just caught himself and reached for me again. I force my legs closed really tight and scream and roll back and forth on my back. He tells me to stop screaming or he'll hurt my little sister and my kitten. I do. But I'm so scared I can't fight the tears. He says "Do what I say or I'll hurt them both." I keep sobbing and tells me to be quiet. Then he prices my legs apart and pulls my underwear to the side and touches me. *I can't bring myself to be more specific, I apologize.* Fortunately, this next part works like the movies and T opens the door to the clubhouse. K quickly jumps up and puts himself away. He whispers "You better not tell or else." And I wipe my eyes and scoot back against the window. K leaves the clubhouse and T comes up to me and asks why I'm crying. I just cry more and shake my head. He asks if K hit me. I shake my head. He asks again what happened and I just stare at my dress. He made me drink the Pediasure and then picked me up "like a princess" (as I said when I was little) and carried me to the house. T put me on my bed and told me he wouldn't tattle if I said what K did. (I was notorious for not telling on my cousins when they hurt me cause I didn't want to get them into trouble.) I told him that K showed me his "thing" and T immediately told his mum. Who told my mum. My mum took me to the bathroom while my cousins loaded up the vans and left. She bathed me and asked over and over if he did anything else. I lied to her. Over and over I lied to her. I hate myself for it now. I didn't tell anyone for years. I never realized how badly it scarred me. When I was 12 I finally told my mum. She said "Honey, that's not rape it just curious kids." It hurt a little but I just assumed she was right. Then I met my current boyfriend. He accepted my weird and broken self. When I finally told him the other night, he didn't really say anything. I feel like I've messed up in telling him and admitting to him that I think K is the reason I have trust issues and anxiety and feared sex for so long. I told him I was afraid of people. He didn't really respond and I had (selfishly) hoped he would so I could finally talk about it to someone. I'm just confused and scared and honestly I remember more of the vivid details every day. It's making me more suicidal than I was. (And it was pretty bad before.) I just feel very alone and I see you helping other victims here. Maybe I'm not a victim and my mum was right. I want to know if I am or if I'm just being stupid. Any and all other advice on anything I've mentioned is appreciated. I just want to know somebody is listening.
This is going to be long. I feel like I need to get this off my chest. Almost three years ago I think I was raped or sexually assaulted. I'm not sure if it even counts. Extra background on friendship with potential attacker. We had been friends for about five years at that time. We were extremely close. I struggled with depression and self harm for a long time and he helped me through that. At fifteen I decided to end my life and called him to tell him goodbye because he had been so good to me since we met. He realized what was going on and immediately dropped everything to talk me down and just in general be a good friend. I loved him very much in a non romantic way and have been very grateful for everything that he had done for me through the years. On to the actual story.I had just graduated high school so I was 17 at the time. I was at my friend's house who we will call Kay. Kay's mom was out of town so we had the house to ourselves. My best friend at the time who we will call Joe called me asking if I wanted to hang out. Kay, Joe, and I decided to hang out at her house and get drunk. (Joe's mom bought him alcohol whenever he wanted it) Kay never drank much so she had a couple of shots and decided to take a shower for whatever reason. I drank almost an entire botte of vodka and Joe drank all of his own bottle. We were both pretty drunk.While Kay was in the shower Joe started putting his hand in my shorts. I pushed his hand away and he did it again. Maybe three times. Then he grabbed my hand and used it to rub himself through his pants. I let him do it because I felt bad for pushing him away. He was my best friend afterall. Kay got out of the shower and came back to the living room where we were so he let go of my hand. She could tell something was off and asked if I wanted to go to bed. I told her no. She insisted that I follow her and go to bed. I told her I was fine and to go without me. She agreed and went to bed. After she went to bed Joe started putting his hand down my shorts again and I told him to stop. He apologized and we had normal drunk conversation. Partway through the conversation I went to the bathroom and he grabbed my phone snd started reading my text messages. He read texts of a sexual nature with my boyfriend and teased me about it by reading them out loud when I came back. I asked him to stop looking at my messages and he gave my phone back but continued to tease me by asking if I liked this or that. He decided to drink some more and did that while I fell asleep on the couch. I woke up some time later to his hand in my shorts again. For some reason I was very disoriented when I woke up and thought it was my boyfriend? It took about a minute for me to realize it was Joe. I tried to push his hand away but this time he wouldn't let me. He sat next to me on the couch and grabbed my wrist and forced it down his pants. I wasn't sure what to do and physically let him do it while telling him I did not want to do it. I guess that confused him. He finally let go of my wrist and I pulled away but then he put one hand on my chest and held me against the couch with his other hand in my shorts. I was scared and drunk and thought he was my friend so I just closed my eyes and kept whispering no no no. Yes I know that was dumb of me, I should have done something. He pushed me onto my back, pulled my shorts and underwear to the side, and penetrated me. I started crying and trying to push him away but at that point he was using his body weight to keep most of my lower body from moving and kept both hands on my chest to hold my upper half still. I asked him to stop and he didn't and at that point something finally clicked and I started yelling at him to stop and get away from me. It woke Kay up and her bedroom door slammed open. I guess the door startled Joe because he only stopped when the door was loud and I ran outside to the porch crying. I heard her yelling at him inside. She came outside and I told her what happened. Joe came outside (he went from being piss drunk to seemingly completely sober?) and tried to tell me nothing happened and that it must have been a dream. I pointed out a couple of things that I would only know of it had happened and he tried to hug me and I pushed him away. He begged me to look at him and talk to him so I tried to because we had been so close for so long but I felt dirty and violated and looking at him made me sick so I told him to leave me alone. He got upset and went inside. He passed out of the couch and I went to bed in Kay's bedroom with her. We both woke up around the same time and I told him to leave. He asked me again to talk to him and I told him no. He left and we didn't speak for about a year. People kept finding out some how but nobody talked about the fact that I didn't want it. Joe's girlfriend even texted me the next day to tell me he didn't mean it and asking me to forgive him because he was very depressed about it. I told her no and she got upset with me. I explained exactly what happened and she said it wasn't a big deal because he had obviously been thinking of her the whole time? Multiple people accused me of cheating on my boyfriend and even had someone who used to be a mutual friend walk up to me and say "Hey I heard you fucked Joe." I had problems afterwards with depression again and started drinking and smoking to cope. I ended up failing out of college.Joe and I started talking again some how about a year later. He claims he doesn't remember it happening at all but sometimes the way he says stuff makes me wonder if he does or not. Apparently he was the one telling people and even commented once that one of his friends congratulated him on finally having sex with me. He kinda laughed it off. We ended up getting high one night a couple months after we started talking again and he took me to his bedroom and put his hand in my pants. I felt like this time wouldn't be as bad if I didn't stop him because I felt in control of the situation. I let him do it until he was done but got upset and cried afterwards. He felt bad and took me home. He said he thought I wanted it. I apologized for sending mixed signals. He sometimes texts me really dirty stuff and makes comments about wanting to fuck me or whatever. It makes me uncomfortable but I never really know what to say so I blow it off. We are mostly friends again though. Not as close as before but we talk often and still hang out. I just needed to get it off my chest because I am having a bad day. I can't go back to college because I lost my financial aid for failing out before and can't afford to go without finacial aid. Sometimes I get kind of angry with Joe because he still got to go to college for free and is now fairly successful starting a career in politics. He was on the news for his political stuff recently and is doing an internship in DC next semester. I get angry because as much as it was my fault things happened I am still upset that I lost so much and he only gained from it. I lost friends, sleep, respect, college, my best friend, and peace of mind. He gained friends, gained respect for "scoring", is successful in school, and his girlfriend didn't even get mad at him. I guess I am just bitter but sometimes it really sucks.Thanks for reading. Sorry for the wall of text.
A few years ago, I was at a bar with some coworkers and got very drunk. My coworker, lets call him Mike, was there. I had a crush on Mike, and I think he knew that. We were flirting a lot and as the night went on it escalated to something sexual. He said he wanted to go down on me, I laughed and continued to flirt with him. Later in the night we left the bar and I was very drunk. I just thought we were going to make out then maybe fool around some, there was never any explicit agreement. We went to his car and then he just put his dick in my mouth. I was too weak and drunk to get away. I kept thinking that this isn't what he said was going to happen and I was uncomfortable. I never agreed to go down on him, and I didn't want to but I was too drunk to resist.Thankfully there was a knock on the car window from somebody I hadn't seen before, they looked worried. When Mike opened the door the other guy asked to share a cab. When we got back to the hotel, Mike pushed me up against a wall and pulled my skirt down. I just begged "please don't do this, I can't, I can't". I was so scared, He was a big dude (6'4" 200+ pounds). He didn't say anything, just silently walked away after a few moments. Back in the hotel room, I was throwing up in the bathroom and crying. Mike just kept coming in and mocking me, not checking on me, not getting me water or anything. I think he was mad that I "ruined his night".The next few days were hazy. I deluded myself that what he did wasn't wrong and that I wanted it too, even though deep down I knew that was a lie. I never told anybody what really happened that night- only parts of it in a light-hearted way.I don't really think about it that often, but last night I had a dream that the exact same thing happened. Somebody made me go down on them and I was too weak to resist. When I woke up, i was initially relieved that it was just a dream but then the memory of that night came back to me.I feel sad and conflicted about the whole thing. I feel angry at myself for being to drunk to stop it, and for never telling anybody what really happened. I feel ashamed mostly, as well as worried how people will react. I used to get beat by an ex, and people would always get very uncomfortable when I told them. I just hate the idea of being this woman that is constantly victimized, but its the truth. Has anybody else been through something similar and have advice on how to move on? I don't feel like myself right now.Also: I crossed posted because of some of the blatant victim-blaming I was getting on "offmychest" I rewrote a few parts for clarity. 
Posting from a throwaway. Trigger warnings for rape and abuse. Sorry in advance for how long the post is.My folks contacted RAINN recently, after finding out what happened to me, to figure out how best to help without bringing any sort of anger, etc. into it. The woman on the phone said writing a letter and confronting those people and feelings in a safe place was a large part of what helped her get closure, so I’m going to try it. I feel nauseous, and am unsure of where to start, but I think this will help me.------------------------------------------------------------------------Hello,There were four of you over the course of about five years. I’ll address you in chronological order:**I.**I was 17 and you were 21 or so. We were on a date--Thai food, if I remember right--and went to hang out at your place and watched *Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy*. During the movie, you were starting to feel me up, but I was nervous and didn’t want to go much further than kissing. you looked put off, lit a cigarette and smoked for a little bit, saying nothing before sitting on top of me and burning me with it several times. I have lots of discolored scars on my breasts still. I started smoking a few months later on my 18th birthday, so I wouldn’t be afraid of it anymore. I’m getting a tattoo on my chest to cover the scarring. It’s not finished yet, but it is beautiful already, more than I've felt in years. You didn’t win.**II.**I was 18 and you were 32. I was in my first year of college, and had always been considered “mature” for my age. Even you told me that. After that, I quickly found that the people who most often tell me this are people older than me who primarily want sex from me. Go figure.I wasn’t particularly attracted to you, but you seemed to be funny and nice and didn’t talk down to me much, so I figured I’d give it a go. I don’t remember your last name, or what you did for a living, but remember the city you were from. I can clearly recall the dead look in your eyes and the feeling of you pinning my hands behind me with one hand and shoving my face into my pillow with the other. We agreed to use condoms beforehand. You decided it didn’t matter and finished inside me. The whole thing was awful.Afterward, you promptly fell asleep in my bed and my sheets were drenched with your sweat and sickening stench. You wanted to hold me, but I couldn’t sleep. I hated you. I sat in the chair by my desk and stared out the window, thinking of how much I wished you were dead, or at least far away from me. You left the next day and I washed my sheets. you texted me afterward, saying you were looking forward to seeing my “progress”. You knew I had a phobia of pregnancy. I never contacted you again. Over the next few months, you would occasionally text and say things like you loved me and missed me. I didn't know how to get the number blocked on my phone, so I just deleted them as I got them.I got on the pill shortly after that and was terrified of the possibility of pregnancy. I had planned my suicide in the event that I was, unsure of where or how to find an abortion clinic when I was in a college town in the rural Midwest. Unable to cope and unable to bring myself to tell anyone what happened, I locked myself in my room for six months, stopped going to class, and stopped doing assignments. I still owe that school money and I can’t go back to college until it’s all paid off. I didn’t tell anyone until about two years later. First was a close friend who had stopped in to visit. Then, I blurted it out to my ex-husband when our relationship was on the rocks, I think in the middle of a fight. I don’t think he believed me. He didn’t stop picking fights until I threatened to call the police over something unrelated. I hated having to do that at all. It was another almost two years before my parents and best friend found out about you. For a long time, I let what you did to me ruin my life, but ultimately you didn’t win, either.**III.**I was 18 and you were 22 when we started dating. We were 20 and 24 respectively by the end. You were so kind and romantic at first, but by the end I couldn’t even get you to go eat lunch with me in the park next to our apartment after months of asking. It took two years of gaslighting before I finally realized what was happening and left. It’s been almost two more years since you initially filed for divorce, and it still hasn’t been finalized. I hope to get my name back soon. You’re not going to win.**IV.**I was 22--and still am--and you were--and still are--22. I thought I'd found somebody kind of special: tall, handsome, talented, intelligent, self-aware, empathetic, the whole shebang. You were so stoked to see me you drove ten hours to my house just to spend a few days in my cramped little bedroom. Your fervor seemed to wane a good deal once I took off my shirt and you saw the scars. By this point, I'm used to it. It always hurts, but it's not as painful as it was.I had asked if you wanted to visit again the night before you left, and you gave some wishy-washy “I don’t know” and something about how I’m a good person. I’d heard it all before, so I knew I’d never see you again. It was to be expected at this point, but I wanted to make sure.The next morning, before you left, we had sex, but this time it was like something had shut off in your brain. I was shouting and crying until you shoved my face into my pillow and you just kept going. So much of it was similar to when it happened almost four years ago, down to you both being the only uncircumcised men I had been with, in a twin bed wedged into a corner of a small bedroom with all of my possessions. You both had blue eyes. All four of you did. I can't really look at blue eyes and see anything good in them anymore.I tried to laugh it off right after it happened and said something like, “Well, you got me pretty good,” with tears still in my eyes, but I felt awful. You had a weird look on your face. We went to shower together and I felt very numb. I remember standing near the bathroom mirror with a hand on the counter and you poking your head out of the shower and saying, “What’s wrong? You gonna get in?” or something like that. You got dressed, I helped you pack, and then you left. I thought a lot about [that comic where the artist talks about having made breakfast for the man who raped her](https://thenib.com/trigger-warning-breakfast-c6cdeec070e6) and cried quite a bit. I felt so stupid. Who the fuck showers with someone who raped them? Who lets someone like that sleep in their bed until it's drenched in sweat? I was supposed to fight or take them to court or something. "I must really hate myself," I thought. We talked less and less, watered-down acquaintances, until a few days later there was nothing to say and I removed any and all mention or reminders of you. I couldn’t bring myself to ask why you did that to me, but it really doesn't matter. *You won’t win.*I would be lying if I said I didn't feel angry or hateful towards the four of you. I certainly have no plans to forgive any of you. But, I think I'm at a place where I can start finding positive things to do with the resultant nightmares, panic attacks, and phobias you have given me. If there is one wholly positive thing I've gotten from this, it's the ability to be more empathetic. With the rest--the sleepless nights, the sensation of imaginary insects crawling on me, the mood swings, suicidal thoughts, self-harm, anxiety and inability to trust anyone--I'm turning it into art. I feel certain I can find catharsis in turning the things that make me suffer into tangible things and shipping them off to people just looking for something creepy to hang on their wall.------------------------------------------------------------------------To anyone reading this who has had these experiences or knows a loved one who has, please remember that no matter what, you are not the things that other people have done to you. If you have loved ones you can trust to be supportive, please try to talk to them when you feel ready. If you’re hesitant, but still want someone to talk to, please call someone at RAINN. They are all survivors, and can provide a lot of perspective and insight as to positive things you can do to help in moving forward. Having the ways other people have hurt you hold power over your life is something that no one deserves.Again, I'm sorry this is so long, but I hope it helps someone.
So I've never said this to anyone before, and I'm not sure exactly how to, so it might be a little confusing. So when I was younger, my cousin who is 2 years older than me raped me. I think. I don't remember if I said no or if I agreed, but I was too young to even know it was wrong. I feel completely taken advantage of, although my cousin wasn't that old either. Since that first time I have been continuously sexual offended by him, to the point where I had no choice but to allow it. Since I am now 15, I understand It's wrong, and have told him to stop, and I have said no. But he continues to bother me. To make it worse we go to school together, and he is constantly in my house. I'm just wondering if this qualifies as rape. I also want to tell someone but I don't know where to start, or with who. Can anyone help?
I(25f) was drugged and raped a couple of months ago. I've done everything I can health wise and filed a police report. I have started to deal with my emotions and am going to try to seek counseling, however this incident has made me reassess some previous sexual history.I have been hanging out on and off with a guy(not the one from the previous incident) on off for about a year and a half. I knew him for a couple months before anything happened and I was very into him and had a connection. The first time anything sexual ever happened I was extremely drunk. We just started making out and he asked to have sex and I said no. I gave him oral sex instead and then he asked to penetrate me and I asked if he had a condom, he did not, so I said no again. We proceeded to make out and he asked again while taking my pants off and penetrated me. I never said yes that time, it kind of just happened and I didn't have time to react, but I didn't stop him. I liked him, so I continued with it. I felt weird about it the next day, but I was also happy that something was happening between us so I ignored the weird feelings. However, we continued to date for about a month after that. The first couple of times we had sex were enjoyable, but there was never much foreplay and sometimes it hurt a lot. I would ask him to stop sometimes or slow down and he would, or I would ask him for foreplay before sex, but sometimes it wouldn't happen or it wouldn't be enough. I feel like looking back on this, clearly this wasn't healthy. I thought he was  really great guy and things were very much there emotionally, but I just felt he was selfish when it came to sex, and when I did try to communicate with him my needs, they were brushed off. I knew I should have been more aggressive with my needs, but that's hard for me. I guess I am just wondering how other people feel about what happened to me. I know it's not good, but I have recently been hanging out with him more and he has clearly stated he wants to exclusively date me, he has fucked up in the past, and wants to try again. I don't think I want that from him anymore, but I don't know if I should bring up anything of this to him? I feel like he would probably completely reject the fact that he ever pressured me into sex or not. I guess I'm just trying to come to some closure on what happened and to what extent what he did was wrong, because I know some things he did were.
My girl friend called me at 4 am.. telling me she was drunk off campus and that someone pulled her into an alleyway and raped her..  She broke down during the conversation, said dont come get me im going to a friends, and wont answer any of my calls or texts..what the fuck should I do? i feel so many emotions right now, and i can only imagine what she is going through.. I'm feeling guilty somehow myself, as earlier she asked me me to pick her up. I told her where and said "nvm im getting an uber, thank you though".If i would have just left to get her.....
I'd like to start by warning you that this is pretty long story but if you care enough to read this and offer some sort of advice it would be greatly appreciated. I'd also like to place a trigger warning for abuse, rape, and selfharm.I guess I should start by telling you a little bit about me and my family. At the begging of this story I am 17(almost 18) I had been working at Cici's for almost half a year and see my coworkers as my second family. I was an average student and a pretty good daughter though my parents may disagree. I had never had sex, done drugs, and I didn't party or sneak out ever. My parents have always been pretty strict when it comes to that kind of stuff and even though I kind of wanted to be able to participate in these teenage shenanigans I stayed away.Near the end of July 2014 I had gone to a convention where I met a guy that I thought was just amazing. His name was Alfie, he was 21, he played guitar his voice made me smile, and we had such a strong connection it had caught me off gaurd. I had never had sex before I had met him but I wasn't exactly holding onto my virginity either. The most I had ever done was making out and groping, I had never even been naked with a guy or seen any part of a guy in real life. After spending a complete 36 or so hours I happened to end up in our hotel room alone with him. We were lying next to each other in the bed and I could feel the tension between us but he wasn't making a move so i did. We ended up having consensual sex and we started dating after that. I know you're probably wondering why this is important to the story but i promise it'll make sense later.I'm gonna jump back for a second now to tell you about my job and coworkers. I worked at Cici's pizza and was a very prized employee. My managers loved me and I loved them too. My favorite manager was Noe, he was like my second father/best friend and I would talk to him about anything and everything. Jose, another manager, was also a very close friend of mine, we texted each other frequently and we had sort of a best friend/flirty relationship. Jose and I always joked around sexually at work and Noe would do the same with me also. It's just how our relationship was and it was completely normal and comfortable. Of course I kinda did think Jose was cute but he was 30 which in my book is not a comfortable dating age. After I got back from the convention I was at work telling the guys about my weekend and I told them that I had lost my virginity and I'm dating this new great guy that I really liked a lot. Everything seemed normal but then I noticed that Jose's jokes didn't really seem like he was kidding anymore. He would tell me to meet him in the walk in fridge and wink at me or he would say he could give it to me in his car after work if I wanted to. I started to get a little uncomfortable but he would see my reaction and just laugh and say he was totally joking. One day he even said that I was 'already seasoned' and that he doesn't like having sex with virgins because they're too much work. Fast forward to August 2nd, my parents had left recently to go on a vacation in Peru. They weren't going to be back until August 6 and my sisters and I were taking advantage of the freedom. My birthday is August 5 so my sister decided to have some of our friends over, just about 6 or 7, to have a game night. I had brought Alfie but my sister said he wasn't welcome and him and I left and I came back later without him. My sister told me that she had invited some people from Cici's(since we both work there) but she didnt know if they'd be coming. She suggested that I text Jose and ask if he was coming since she knew we were good friends. I invited him and he came. At one point during the party him and I were alone and he tried to kiss me but I pushed him off and told him that what he just did wasn't okay, that I had a boyfriend and I was way to young for him. He apologized and said he misread my signals and that it wouldn't happen again. Later that night after everybody had left him and I were still hanging out upstairs in my game room. My sister was sleeping with her boyfriend down stairs in my parents room on the complete opposite side of the house, in addition to that her boyfriend uses a breathing machine when he sleeps. And to top it all off my game room door is pretty sound proof. So Jose and I were just sitting on the couch and talking, he was drinking a beer, his 3 or 4 one from my house and he had also told me he had been drinking before he came over with some friends. He starts making advances towards me and I tell him to cut it out and that he should just leave. He completely ignores what I'm saying and starts to force himself on top of me. At this point I'm pretty scared so I decide to try to bargain with him. I tell him I'll do whatever he wants but I that I DO NOT want to have sex. He agrees and starts kissing me and touching me. I'm trying to think of ways to get out of the situation since I'm just buying myself some time when he takes off my underwear, he just smiles and says "dont worry we aren't having sex" and then a few seconds later forces himself inside of me. He holds me down but he really didn't need to my body already felt so numb and I couldn't speak or move. I was kind of like a deer caught in the headlights reaction I guess and when I think about it now I feel so weak and stupid for not at least trying to scream or fight him. I did manage to bite the living shit out of his shoulder to the point where I could taste his blood in my mouth but all that did was turn him on more and he grabbed my mouth and pushed it down toward the couch so I couldn't talk or even move my head. At some point I guess he managed to get a condom on or maybe he put it on when I was too busy trying to think of a way out but I remember that after he was finished he got up took the condom off and took it with him. After he left I went back upstairs and laid in my bed just crying but not knowing how to react because I wasn't even sure what just happened.I woke up a few hours later for work and he came in an hour or two after I did. He asked me how my night was and said that his was great and I just nodded and smiled. I wasn't sure what I should do or if anybody would even believe what would happen so I just decided it would be best to just forget about that night and go on with my life like it was normal, he was leaving Cici's soon anyways for a new job so I would only have to deal with him for a few more days. He bragged about his night with this crazy girl to my other managers and even showed them the bruise he had from me biting him. It was almost black and extremely swollen but he acted like it was a prize. Once I got home I shower and just stood in there for a while trying to wash off how dirty I felt. I got out and looked in the mirror and saw multiple bruises from where he had grabbed and bitten me on my breasts, neck, and thighs. Tears just streamed down my face but I didn't feel anything, just numbness. Later that day out of guilt I told my boyfriend that Jose had tried to kiss me last night but I sent him home. I guess I sort of did this so I'd have an excuse to not be able to hang out with him or talk to him. I held it inside for about a month, until finally I told Alfie. When I told him he was so upset, he accused me of cheating on him and just telling him that it was rape so I could get out of trouble with him. He forced me to give him every single detail while I was sobbing and having to bring that all back up after I had pretended like it never happened for so long. He broke up with me that night but the next morning he texted me and said that he was sorry and that he overreaction and that he would be here for me if I needed him. I started to tell other people since my depression and weight loss was starting to worry people and they could tell something was definitely wrong. I told my other manger Noe about it and he tried to help me the best he could but he was in a tough situation. Two months later Alfie decided that he couldn't handle it and broke up with me again. The next day I was going to take Alfie his guitar that he left in my car and as I was leaving I told my dad that I had been raped. He was shocked and devastated, I told him that I would explain more when I got back but that I needed to go. Once I got to Alfie's again he asked for me to take him back and he said he would try really hard to get over it. I agreed to give him one last chance because I was really starting to fall in love with him.I told my mom and dad the gist of what happened and of course they start saying that I was stupid for being alone with him. "This wouldnt have happened if you had followed our rules". And things of that nature. I went to the police but with the lack of evidence my case was dropped two or three weeks later. I continued on with my life, having to live inside the house where I was raped and having to walk past that room everyday was torture. I couldn't even go into my game room anymore let alone sit on the couch. Almost every night I would have nightmares but Alfie started letting me spend the nights at his house. Of course without my parents knowing. At first he didn't have a car to pick me up so I would just stay up until 6 am and leave after my parents did and drive to his house which was 30 mins away and I would sleep there. I was supposed to be in school but I couldn't manage my anxiety and I just spent my whole day with Alfie and I would work weekends at Cici's. When he did finally get a car in November he started picking me up from my house every night and we would either hang out with friends or just sleep. Sleeping with him was the only time I could actually rest without as many nightmares, of course I would still have one here and there but it was much, much better. My parents never really liked Alfie and they caught me when I snuck out one night and they were sure it was him so they wouldn't let me see him anymore. In early January Alfie and I moved into a friends apartment together and we definitly were not ready for that financially. We were barely scraping by with our rent, car payments, the payments I had to make to my parents, and other living expenses. But the whole time I stayed with him and was trying my best to keep us happy. I would give my entire paychecks and have no money for myself but i was okay with that because I loved him and I was with him. We were relatively happy if you took out the stress of not having a lot of money. In Feburary I was getting on birth control and since they were already drawing my blood to check if i was pregnant they said they would also check for STD. I was telling him they would call me in a few days if I had anything if not they wouldn't call. He said they wouldn't call unless I was cheating on him but I reminded him that Jose could have given me something and he got so mad he broke the door handle off of the car door and when we got back to our apartment he was yelling and screaming telling me that I deserved to get raped. I was ready to leave and not come back but of course I didn't. I laid next to him and told them that if he didn't show some sort of remorse I would leave. He somehow showed me that and I decided to stay. About a month later in March after I had got home from my new job Alfie seemed really upset and I asked him what was wrong. He said he had gone threw my phone and saw a text to my ex telling him that I had been having dreams about him and that it was weird. I had already told alfie about it before and those texts were old i just never delete my texts. He was convinced I was cheating on him and the next day he broke up with me. I said fine and that I would start packing and be gone in the next few days. I woke up to a bunch of bullshit posts on his facebook about how i was cheating on him and I posted some back saying it was all lies. I got fed up and decided to go out with my friend and i didn't get back until about 11. He got home after me and asked me to go with him to get weed since his phone was deactivated and he needed a navigator. I said fine and went with him, on the way there of course I was being a bitch. He had just been saying all these lies about me why would I do what he says? I said something defiant and he smacked my leg and I just laughed and texted my friend about it and joked that if I dont text her back that he probably did something. She told me not to joke about that and that I should leave but I told her I couldn't even if I wanted to but i would be fine. Once we got to the place he had misplaced the money and wanted me to look for it and i told him to do it himself. He got out of the car opened my door and pulled me out but as he did I grabbed the car keys. He threatened that he was gonna leave me there but I jingled the keys and said something along the lines of 'not without me dickface'. It was cold so I sat back in the car feeling pretty powerful and bad ass for not putting up with his shit. After we were leaving he was trying to get me to repeat directions and I had already said it so I told him I was gonna repeat it. He then struck me in the face and knocked my glasses off of my face. I then grabbed my phone and started trying to call the cops but he took my phone. I wasnt about to let the same thing happen again that happened with Jose so I punched him in the side of the face pulled up the parking break and tried to run for the gas station right across from the intersection. I was halfway out of the door when he sped and slammed it shut. He turned down a random road and was telling me I should quit fucking around or I would regret it. He threw my phone out of the window and then turned around and stopped so he could pick it back up. He told me not to be stupid and try to run because there was nothing for about a mile and he could easily outrun me, all very true. I sat in the car and the flash of his phone caught my eye. I quickly reached over a grabbed it. Now most people don't know this, even some cops didn't know, but you can still make emergency calls on a deactivated phone. I quickly called 911 and right when they picked up I told them that my boyfriend had hit me and that I was trapped in my car and that he might hurt me again. The woman was asking me if I was on Braun road but I had no idea where I was there were no signs and it was so dark. I told her he was coming back and tucked the phone under my leg with the side with the microphone still sticking out. Alfie got back in and showed me my completely destroyed phone. He continued to drive us to our home in Universal City. The whole time he was saying he never loved me and he was only with me out of guilt, that I deserved everything that has happend to me and more. He even threatened to kill me and my family if I tried to run or call the cops. Little did he know the cops were still on the phone and I had slipped the phone up to my ear and was telling them the make and model of the car and reading them signs as we were passing them and pretended to be having a panic attack ,which I kind of was but I was controlling it so I could talk to police. It was after midnight so there were no other cars on the road and even if I wanted to I couldn't get their attention since our car's horn broke. He got us to our apartment and the cops were still nowhere to be seen. I started to get worried but I tried to keep calm. When he got out of the car to go open my door I through his phone in the back. He pulled me out of the car and looked around to see if I had his phone but I told him that he must have left it inside. He put me in our room and was guarding me to stay on the bed. I tried to tell him that I would be good and that I know I couldn't get away so he could just go to sleep and I wouldn't try anything. He didn't buy it so I asked if I could at least get changed. He agreed and I went into my closet and changed and grabbed my ipad mini and the charger. When I came back out he grabbed my face and took my glasses off and he said, "no bruises, I'll check again in the morning". Without him noticing I sat back down in my bed and plugged in it. Those few minutes waiting for it to charge felt like 30 minuets. Finally it came on and I tried to inconspicuously find a way to contact the police. TO ALL POLICE FORCE MEMBERS IT WOULD BE A GREAT IDEA TO HAVE A WAY TO TEXT OR CONTACT THE POLICE ONLINE. After not finding anyway to contact to police I prayed to got one of the few people I had texted on my ipad before was up. I texted my friend Kaitlin and told her my address and that Alfie hit me and has trapped me here. About  5-10 minuets later I heard movement outside but Alfie didn't seem to notice. Finally I heard that knock on the door and the police told us to open up immediately. His face was sort of priceless, he could barely even whisper "When did you call the police?" he laid down on the floor hands over his head and I jumped over him and ran out of the door. One of the officers grabbed me and I frantically told him what had happened. He told me that since the assault had taken place in San Antonio they could do anything, they could arrest him or even force him to leave. I was so pissed about how could these cops be so rude and uncaring towards me. I asked if they could take me to the nearest San Antonio police station and the officer said " I'm not a taxi". I could barely even contain my anger they asked if I needed anything else and I said no thanks very coldly and walked to my car, trying to think of someway I could get to a police station. I ran to Alfie's Jeep and grabbed his phone from the back but it was only at one percent. I just drove until I was sure I was in San Antonio city limits and called 911 praying that the battery would last. I stopped at a random shop and waited for the cop they said they were sending for about 20-30 minuets. When he got there he was also not very concerned for me. I was kind of pissed off and hurt that I had just gone threw this horrible thing and nobody was even attempting to comfort me at all. I told him what happened and decided to follow him to the station so they could take pictures. I filled out a statement and the overheard the officers talking about how half of the force had been looking for me all night and that they thought that I might have been killed. He told me that I did everything I should have done and even better, which helped me a little but I still just wanted somebody to comfort me. After they were done I drove home and went to my parents room, crying. My parents didn't even really seem to care, I had just been abused and my parents didn't try to comfort me or make sure I was okay. The first thing that came out of their mouth was " I told you so". It was almost 5am and I had work at 6:30 but I told them I wanted to call in but they forced me to go. So my parents just found out their daughter was assaulted and their first concern was me not missing work. It's been a few months since March now and it's still so hard. I don't ever really sleep, if anything I get 2-4 hours of sleep a night that are mostly just nightmares. If I smoke weed before I sleep then It helps me get an extra hour or two and usually keeps me from dreaming. I have a lot of recurring nightmares where Alfie and his uncle break into my house to kill me and every time they would get closer and closer. Also there's another were Alfie and I are kissing and about to have sex but then he pulls away and it's Jose and he just smiles and says "dont worry we aren't having sex". I frequently wake up gasping for air and crying. I have panic attacks but not normal ones. I hear most last a few seconds - a minuet. But mine would usually be late at night and would last 1-10 minuets. A few weeks after it happened I had gone to a friends house and gotten high without my parents know where I was. But he said something that triggered a panic attack and I told him I had to leave and drove up the road trying to calm myself down, I had an hour to calm down before I had to be home. I was trying so hard but I couldn't breathe, I called my mom and told her I was having a panic attack and I needed her to come get me and she was pissed off at me because she was busy with her party and she didn't want to deal with me. 30 minuets later my aunt and sister show up(btw the guys house was only about 10 mins away) and they immediately just try to move me, not comfort me at all. They finally get me to move but I'm still having a panic attack and I'm ready to call myself an ambulance. They get me home and I stay out in the car and my mom come out a couple of minuets later and she sort of tries to comfort me in her own way i suppose.Anytime I try to talk to my parents about it they said that I use my rape and abuse as an excuse and mock a belittle what's happened to me. It's so hard not to kill yourself, especially when you tell your parents that you're suicidal and they dont seem to care. I dont want to die but living my life this way, trapped in the house i was raped in, sometimes suicide calls to me promising that I won't have to feel anything anymore. And nothing is so much better than this. I feel so weak and like an idiot for even considering suicide. About two weeks ago my old friend started to want to hang out again and I've been sneaking out almost every night so that I can be away from my house and not be alone. Being with him makes everything feel so much better and I'm actually happy and we smoke and have so much fun and he makes the shit more manageable. But last night I got caught again sneaking out and my parents wont even listen to why I am doing it. They just ground me again and almost act like it didn't happen. I have no idea how to talk to them and tell them that trapping me in the house is only gonna make things worse. Anytime I try to talk to them they start yelling that I'm using it as an excuse and mock me. I don't know how much more I can take. I don't even make enough money to be able to move out and even if I did my ex destroyed my credit because we cosigned on his jeep and he stopped paying for it after everything happened. I have no idea what to do. I dont think my parents are acting like they should be but i also feel like im crazy. I'm so paranoid all the time and full of anxiety its hard to tell.
I'm a 23 year old male. I am in a "long distance relationship" with a 19 year old girl.She has confessed to me that she has been raped. On multiple occasions in her life, by different people.She was raped by a stranger she does not remember when she was 9. She was beaten and raped in her mouth at a party as a teenager. She was raped by a woman when she was a teen also. And last year she was blackmailed and forced to be on a webcam and strip and finger herself for a couple of months.She does go to a psychologist now. She says she is over many of those things. But I am constantly seeing those rapes in my head. I see children and think they are victims. I see men and think they are rapists. I don't really believe in a happy future anymore. What can I do? She says that these things are in the past and that there is lots of good things in the future. But I am really wondering if this life is worth it now... Will there be happiness? Is it possible to live a happy life after so much pain? How can I get over these things? She has not told me everything in detail. Should I get the details of her rape, would that help or make things worse? I really want to move on from all those horrors...
Looking back on it, there were a few questionable circumstances with my ex. He was really into sex and wanted a lot of it. That was OK with me at first cause I've also always been that way. We had plenty of consensual times that were great.The first time I remember things seeming strange was one night when I had gone to bed and just fell asleep. He had said something that made me angry earlier so I went to bed before him. I remember him waking me up and placing me on my hands and knees. He went about his business and I didn't say anything since I was still half asleep. I remember feeling absolutely nothing, emotionally or physically. This was a first for me and I was confused since I've always enjoyed sex. He asked me why I was so quiet and then went to sleep when he was finished.There were a couple other times that I don't remember whether were before or after this, but I would cry during because it would hurt really badly or I would suddenly feel really upset. He did stop to ask what was wrong during those times. There were also a few times when we were drunk that he would finish inside me even though I had told him I didn't want that.I don't know why I didn't just say no. He would often say that we didn't have sex enough, even when I felt like we were having it a lot. I often felt obligated because I felt like I was depriving him. I had never experienced this with anyone else, since I think I have a pretty high sex drive. Ever since him, I have lost a lot of that drive. I feel like there is something wrong with me now.Maybe I'm just looking too far into this. I didn't say no or really protest. Maybe I'm just emotionally damaged. I don't know. What would I even call this? Any thoughts on this would be greatly appreciated.
When I was roughly 7-10, I had a friend who was 3ish years older than me, and he was rich and popular, and had all the video games and toys I wanted. I obviously really wanted to be his friend, and would go over to his house pretty frequently. At some point, he started touching me in weird ways, forcing me to do things I didn't want, etc. I don't think he found me attractive, as he never really did anything to me, he only forced me to do things to him... like making me touch/lick/suck/etc certain places. Sometimes there were other guys there too, who were usually older than him (maybe 15-16?) and really scary to me at the time. They'd either block the exits, or physically hold me down and force me to do things. This happened pretty frequently over the course of a few years, until he moved away. I was so desperate for a friend that I kept going over there regardless, naively hoping that he wouldn't do it anymore.All of this I had completely blocked out and forgotten about. I was vaguely aware that something roughly along these lines had happened, but I didn't remember any details, and just assumed it was general bullying. Two days ago however, I just randomly, totally out of the blue, got super sad, and shortly after that, I remembered it all... for seemingly no reason.I have no idea what to do about it now. I asked my mom if she knew about it, and she said no, which lead to a rather uncomfortable conversation, and her having a sleepless night. Honestly, I'm not sure if it even bothers me... should it bother me? Should I feel sad, angry, what? The biggest issue to me is that consensual non-consent (aka rape fantasies) is my biggest fetish. Other posts I'm seeing on here all say they hate sex because of what happened to them, but I never did... I'm one of the most kinky, sex-positive people ever. But... did what happened influence that at all? How do I know? What should I do?I've spoken to my therapist about it a little bit (Took me til nearly the end of the session to actually bring it up.), but it'll be another week and a half before I'm able to see him again.
https://www.reddit.com/r/MMFB/comments/3jjib7/something_traumatic_happened_and_im_so_confused/?ref=share&ref_source=linkI don't know how to classify what happened or what to do. I'm scared. Please help.
