Hi :) Do remember that we have an extended resources page with lots of links and resources for issues that you may encounter as a survivor of abuse. On the subreddit page there is a link to it on the top right tab, and also at the bottom of the info-bar to the right. :)https://www.reddit.com/r/survivorsofabuse/wiki/index
He's delusional, he used to be much worse than he is now, but sometimes the things he says or think are so off that it's scary.  It makes me feel unsafe at times. He has quite a large sense of importance, and it can be devastatingly exaggerated at times. It causes him to fight with my mom a lot, and do/say things that hurt her.  I care about her a lot and hate seeing someone who hurts and doesn't appreciate her.  He has gotten better, but because of how things were in the past I can't feel comfortable or safe around him and it's gotten to the point where I hate him.I don't want to feel so strongly negative towards him, but I really think he needs help.  I was wondering if anyone had any tips for forgiving him/feeling more comfortable around himor if anyone knew if there was a way to get him into treatment.  He really needs it, but he refuses he needs it.  He always thinks the psychologist is conspiring with my mom against him.  Or he feels like he's being insulted 
Hi everyone, don't know if this is the right place to post this, I need some random people's perspectives, because I can't really tell anyone else about this, and I need some help.First some important details.My fiancee is 27, has 3 younger brothers, and 3 older brothers. (they always had to bunk up, but at some point she got her own room.)When she was very young her oldest brother would come into her room at night and touch her sexually. (though not penetrative sex).I don't know at what age, but due to certain details in discussions and what I know about her life I estimate between the age of 9 - 14.Also, I don't know for precisely how long it went on, except that it was a "couple of months". I don't know if the word 'couple' was used literally or figuratively.And I'm sorry for the wide age gap, but she has not told me too many details because it's hard to talk about, and I never know what to ask and what she's comfortable with revealing when we talk about it so I let her lead.Oh, and no one else in the whole world knows except for me. Not even her parents.Here's the problem, this oldest brother is finally moving out of the house at 30-something.And is considering moving into the basement of one of his brothers who is married and has kids.One of them, you guessed it, is a 10-year-old girl.They even intend to have him help out with babysitting too.My fiancee knows this is a problem, but doesn't know what to do. She isn't particularly close to either brother, but her sister in law and her are very close, her and I have babysat their kids many times (the other kid is a 2-year-old boy).The closeness doesn't really play into it, as she feels she wouldn't want her brother moving into ANYONE's house that had a little girl living in it. But the fact it's her only niece helps play into the "Oh my God what do I do?" scenario.The problem is, she is extremely reluctant to tell anyone about her experiences, but knows that there is no way she can let her brother move into that house.My advice is the obvious one of, "look, you have to tell your brother and sister-in-law and let them decide if they want him in their house or not"I even came up with the idea of creating an anonymous email account, like this anonymous Reddit account ;-), and email her sister-in-law some vague details that don't link to my fiancee, but get the information across.I've also volunteered to do both these things for her, I'll walk right up to any of these people and tell them what's what.So please, anything any of you have to offer, be that advice, similar stories and what happened, more creative ideas of how to handle this, anything and everything, please, help me internet, you're my only hope.Thank you for taking time to read this and respond.
My partner has had a very difficult life and is a survivor of childhood physical abuse and neglect by his narcissistic parents.   Even now that he is an adult in his 30's they still place blame on him for things he has no control over (example: his mother is an ex drug user who replaced coke with Jesus and now thinks that he should be giving her money, even though she abandoned him at every point in his life when he needed her, and he is only just getting himself on track.  She also thinks that because "jesus forgives her" she has no need to ever apologize for the fucked up abuse and neglect she perpetuated on her children.   His father still actively blames him for CPS being called in when he was 12 because he had beaten him to the point that he was bruised and required many stitches. This is what he is dealing with. )My partner is a wonderful person who works so hard and is so loving, but his past can often bring out unpleasant things in him.   We are actively working on improving his mental health.  He is now medicated for depression and anxiety, and we have sought counseling services for him.   He is currently in an anger management group therapy, will be in an anxiety and depression group therapy in the near future, and after that will be looking at one on one counseling involving cognitive behavioral therapy.   Our main problem here is the wait times.  Where we live there is a huge wait for any type of mental health services. In the meantime, it's become pretty obvious that a lot of his anger and anxiety are most likely PTSD related. We are working on figuring out what triggers these episodes, but even he doesn't understand how he can go from feeling fine one moment to being very unwell in a very short period of time.   We live in the same town as some of his family members that he recently went full no contact with.  I know that one of his triggers is seeing his father.  It doesn't have to be an interaction with him, just seeing him from a distance can change his entire mood and demeanor and set him on edge. So what I'm wondering most of all is how I can help him.  He struggles to remember a lot of events from his childhood, mostly they come back to him in fragments at random moments.   Should I try to get him to talk more about his past, or is that a bad thing?  I feel like the more he tells me the better I understand him, but I don't want to dredge up things that are hurtful for him.   I know this time of the year is hard for him, and he's been having nightmares involving his parents(I know this because he often moves/talks in his sleep)  I just need some advice, because he is willing to talk when I urge him to, but I don't want to urge him to do so if it could hurt him or set him back. 
I just want her to acknowledge the truth. Just once. I don't need an apology, I just need to hear her say, you know, *I really fucked up*. And other times, I just start sobbing, because I want a maternal figure that I never even had.... gah. Fuckin Christmas and shit.
Possible Trigger Warning.Okay so this is a very long story spanned over 12 years so I'll make a series of posts instead of just one long one. To start this story there are a few events that lead up to the point I'm trying to get to so bear with me.When I was very young (between the ages of naught to five) a lot of things happened, I was also passed between my mother and father a lot in that time.To start things off my mum had me until I turned one and my dad had not yet found my step mum, on boxing day of that year my mum dropped my brother and I off on my dad’s doorstep with all of our things so she could go trucking around the country with her trucker boyfriend Tony.So my dad had me for about a year before my stepmother showed up 18 and pregnant with my step sister at the time. Things took a turn for the worse a year later when I was at day care and I had an accident. I ended up losing my six front teeth and they didn't come through until I was almost ten, in that time no one called my mum to inform her about the accident and if she hadn't rushed over when she found out I would have died from blood poisoning later that day.About 6 months after the incident my dad was accused of Paedophilia, He's innocent just so you all know.My mum took my brother and me back with her and had us through all the court cases and psychologist appointments, eventually it became too much and she gave my brother and I up to foster care which is a story for another time. After one horrible year spent in foster care and shuffling between daisy house which is a halfway house that the court ordered that my dad met my brother and I at because the court ruled that my dad was only allowed supervised visits after the case was over which continued until I was about ten.The year in foster care ended because the family was moving to the opposite side of Australia and you can't take foster children across state lines without express permission which both of my parents refused to give obviously.So I was now six and my custody was up for discussion, My mum still wasn't in a good mental state to handle the stress of having three kids because she was on the wrong medications and it made her loopy.The courts wouldn't let my dad have us back because my stepmother was pronounced mentally unstable by the court psychologist and my dad wouldn't leave her. He'd known her for a few years and sometimes I wished he'd ditched her melodramatic ass so he could have gotten us back. It would have been a far sight better than what I went through after the court ruling.My maternal grandparent’s relationship was on the rocks at the time of the ruling and my Nanna didn't want to bring my brother and me in to a broken home. Little did we know my Pop was fighting cancer at that time as well.My paternal grandparent’s relationship was found too unstable by the courts for them to be able to have us, my grandmother’s husband Mark is a known child molester. Though he was never convicted of it everyone in family is well aware of that being one of the many dirty secrets we are forced to keep.So the eventuality was that they ruled in favour of my Aunt Amy getting my brother and me though she already had three boys of her own. Oscar was the oldest, Duncan was the middle child and Aldridge was the youngest and a royal pain in my ass.There were a number of things that happened to me once I moved in with Amy and her three boys. The earliest I can remember is from when I was about eight.Me, my brother Jayden and my three cousins were all playing hide and seek one afternoon to pass the time. Things got weird when I went to hide under my bed (Genius I know.) and my oldest cousin Oscar was already lying under there.I was about to go find a new place to hide when Oscar insisted that I hide under the bed with him, I shrugged not questioning it and crawled under the bed with him my back ending up pressed against his front.Now here's where it gets disgusting, I felt something hard poking into my bum and I said to him 'Hey, what is that.' His response was 'Oh, it's nothing.' I stayed quiet after that because I could hear Duncan walking around looking for all of us.I could feel Oscar moving around and felt something warm brush up against my legs, I was wearing underwear and a skirt at the time. He then started moving around behind me and I couldn't see what he was trying to do so I asked him 'What are you doing?' only to have him shush me because we were still waiting to be found by Duncan.After a minute or so of him moving about I felt something warm and sticky on the back of my legs which also got on my underwear. I asked him what happened just then and he responded with 'Nothing.' again.I felt really gross laying there with him cum on the back of my legs and its coldness seeping into the back of my underwear. I slid out from under the bed and wiped at the back of my legs with my hand not knowing what it was. My undies were still sticky so I rushed to the laundry to rinse them so I wouldn't get in trouble with Aunt Amy for possibly staining my undies.I was so naïve I didn't know what Oscar had actually done but I'm sure he was super proud of himself for ejaculating all over the back of his little cousin’s legs. For some clarification Oscar is four years older than me so at the time he would have been about twelve.
Please Help. Two years ago I said was taking a medical certification course. I was 19 years old, very conservative and unexperienced in the realm of sexuality. I'd never even kissed anyone. Young, STUPID me said yes to a man in the class who I'd been hanging out with a little during lunch breaks and such when he asked if I wanted to come use the jacuzzi he had in his hotel room. I think he must have been in his late 30's. I don't know what I thought would happen. I went. He gave me a massage...I don't remember what led up to that but it ended up being very sensual...I'd never had an orgasm and I feel like I came close to it that night...if that is even possible from someone massaging your lower back. I was immensely uncomfortable. I wish so much that I had left but I didn't. He had a beer when we got in to the hot tub but I didn't drink at the time. He felt me up.  I know this is so, so minor in comparison to being raped. I often try to convince myself it "doesn't even count" as assault but it haunts me. I feel horridly guilty. It took me nearly a year to even tell anyone other than my close friend at the time and I have never told anyone all of this. I used to think about this every day. It has gotten a lot better but it still haunts me. What do I do? Is this sexual assault? 
When I was really young, probably around 8, I was sexually abused by a neighborhood kid. It's rather hard for me to remember either because of how young I was or because I repressed the memories. Or both. The kid was probably 16 years old. He also sexually abused my older brother who was 12 years old. This happened very often. For several years. It happened individually. Him and I. Him and my brother. And with us all together. Eventually, though, my older brother began to sexually abuse me also. Even when the neighbor wasn't there. Eventually, the neighbor moved away. My brother continued to abuse me until he started middle school and then he suddenly stopped. I haven't told anyone about this except for my wife. I'm still very close to my brother actually. We don't live in the same state but whenever we see each other it's like no time has passed. We're like best friends. Part of me feels like it's something we both went through. He also was abused. At some level, I don't think he could have know fully what he was doing until he got older and then realized, which is why he stopped? He has had a difficult life. I feel like he's suffering a lot from it. He's 31 now and still hasn't done anything with his life. He's stuck. I have self esteem issues, am stressed all the time and have health issues as a result. But I'm finishing up my Master's in college and about to get a nice job. I'm married and have kids. I feel like I've been able to move on.Can my brother be at fault here? Would he even be charged if I had ever told anyone/the police? Should I even bother confronting this to him? To my family? To anyone else?Any other general advice?Thanks y'all. 
21 F. First, I apologize for my typeos and bad spelling. I am really tired and cant sleep. I am emotionally strung out right now. I know that there is a lot of debate over the validity of repressed memories, but in the past week I've begun to suspect something happened to me as a child. My therapist is quite confident something did. And I've read that often times if you suspect it, or have a gut feeling then it is likely true. I think I am just looking for justification, I am so confused. I have been treated for clinical depression for several years now, on and off antidepressants. I came across a list on the internet of symptoms adult survivors of childhood sexual abuse exhibit when I was searching to see if what my parents did was technically abuse (very mild, washing mouth out with soap, mildly emotionally neglectful). I noticed that I could relate to nearly everything on the list. Cutting, eating disorder, depression, homosexuality, feeling inherently dirty and wrong, promiscuity, difficulty orgasaming, "zoning out" during sex, cant kiss men sober, turned on by very violent porn/ rape scenes in books (I am very ashamed of this), poor hygiene, depression, suicidal idealization and near attempt, etc. there's more. I thought back to my childhood and someone immediately came to mind. Someone who was entrusted to mind me while my parents worked sometimes. our families are still close and I have always been very uncomfortable around him, while also oddly attracted to. I remember feeling so dirty and ashamed whenever I acknowledged this to myself. what really made my stomach sink was recalling the fact that I had recurant rashes (I think yeast infections) down there frequently, and also often found that it hurt to pee. This was between ages 4-8.At that time period I also slept walked all the time. I read somewhere that is also an indicator. in elementary school I remember being overly interested in seeing my friends naked, insisting that we were not really best friends until we had watched each other pee. or poo. I would make out, tongue and all with a boy in my 3rd grade class. When I asked my mom in 3rd grade where babies came from I asked if girls got pregnant when a man peed in a girls mouth. all my life I thought I was dirty and gross for these thoughts. I still feel dirty. Like I am some sort of pervert. I feel like I am. Ive had anxiety attacks from kissing a guy for the first time sober. throughout high school i would always break up with a boy as soon as it seemed like id have to kiss him. my one longterm relationship with a man, it hurt every time we had sex. but i wanted it to. i would be rubbed raw and would bleed, i felt like it was my duty to have sex with him. Now im really only interested in women. I still know i have some sexual attraction to men, but the thought of being with one makes me sick to my stomach.I have very strong memories from before the age of  4, before we moved into the same neighborhood as this man. and I have memories of my house when my parents were minding their kids at the same time period, but not as many memories of their house. I remember they had a water bed, and I remember faintly seeing it and sitting on it, but I feel like there is something else I remember about it. It's like its on the tip of my tongue. If something did happen to me, the person who I think did it is my childhood best friend's dad. I remember when i was in high school he told a story about our other neighbor (shes the same age as me and also spent a lot of time in their house) coming into his bedroom while he was watching TV and she layed on the bed next to him. His punchline to the story, what was meant to be funny, was him saying "wow, no *insert name here* you cant do that, thats weird, we cant both lay on the bed." Is it just me or is that an odd story for a grown man to tell about his daughter's friend. I dont know what I'm looking for here. Just to vent. see what others have to say. I am so confused becasue I dont have any actual memories, just this awful feeling in my gut. I keep picturing their bedroom and bathroom. I dont know what to think. I can barely focus on school.Thank you if you read this to the end.
I am a millennial American male who has thought a long time about writing here. Finally got the wherewithal to finally do so. I hope this helps me reflect on my life, and helps others heal as well. I will keep certain details out of this for me and my family's safety.Since I was an infant, I was sold for sex by one of my parents. I was beaten when I would not comply, burned, cut, drugged, put in the shower with scalding hot water on, had nails put underneath my finger nails and worse. I would be taken all over the state and pimped to sick pieces of shit who would molest and rape me. The family members who did this laughed at me.  I was brought to many satanic rituals where I was tortured, raped, and filmed. Other kids were taken to these rituals. Some were murdered. Routinely saw these people get away with it, over and over again. Good people had their lives ended by these monsters. Fathers who were trying to protect their children were murdered. So many little kids kidnapped and raped. I couldn't look people in the eye anymore. I would start crying in the middle of the day. I was a fucking prisoner in broad daylight. No one knew, or maybe they could tell, but didn't know how to help me. Many of these perps were celebrities. I still to this day cannot believe how many were destroyed by these people where are worshiped on television and film. The family member hurt other family members who tried to help me. They were above the law, they always got away with everything. They were given an attorney and there was a doctor that was one of them, who always covered for them. The police tried to help me on many occasions. I tried calling 911. They were always one step ahead of me. There would be a letter by the doctor saying I was not in my right mind. The police could not do anything. The torture afterwards would be horrific. "Why do you make me beat you?!" they shouted this at me over and over again. I was kept inside until my injuries healed.I was moved around often enough that I never had contact with anyone on the outside for more than a year or two.I was made to go to public places and steal and deal drugs. I had no idea what I was being made to do at the time. It seemed as if my whole life revolved around doing what they wanted. I watched as they victimized others with impunity.  As a teenager I was brought repeatedly to Vegas where I was again pimped to pedophiles. I would be drugged, and wake up the next day at home, wondering what happened. My homework was not done the next day for school, and I could not figure out why.They tried to murder me repeatedly. I survived, only by the grace of God, Jesus Christ. There are so many times I should have died. They did not like me getting older, and remembering what they had done to me. I SWEAR, THERE WERE MOMENTS I WAS SECONDS FROM BEING KILLED WHEN DIVINE INTERVENTION STOPPED THEM.  In high school I was popular, but everyone would always ask me why I was so sad. I didn't know how to answer. Sometimes I didn't know the answer, I blocked out the pain. Friends that tried to help got massacred. Every time I brought someone into my world they would get hurt. I would get hurt. People got murdered. Over and over again. I just stopped acknowledging the reality of what was happening to me. It was just easier to pretend I was living a normal life and focus on other things. I never tried to kill myself, but was always in a deep depression. Music helped me cope. I would listen to music on my headphones in my room. I was living a lie, acting like I thought everything was fine, like I didn't, couldn't remember anything. I had developed a disassociated personality out of the need to survive. In school I pretended to be into what all the other kids talked about. But I was continually treated like an animal at home with no independence, constant spying, and constant sabotage.I left as soon as I could. I moved far away but was found by them. I was beaten and fed prescription pills with alcohol against my will to make me overdose. They dumped me in an empty lot. Someone found me, and called an ambulance. I was taken to the hospital where they pumped my stomach. I barely survived.I did everything I can to escape their grasp, but was found again years later, and tortured and beaten. Their people were everywhere. I couldn't escape. I was a rat in a cage who was going to be punished for leaving and telling on them. Again they tried to kill me. I was far from them, but far from safe. I carry a gun now, and I do not hesitate even for a second to defend myself if anyone tries to harm me or my family.I've thought of what the best thing that can happen to the perpetrators could be, and I always end up with the realization that God is handling them, and will dish out the best judgement possible, better then I could ever accomplish myself. Several perps have died or gone to prison. Still many, many more to go.There is a God that cares for all of us and no matter how bad your situation is, there is a way out.
Roy,  Today is the day I say everything I have kept bottled up inside for the last 28 years. Today is the day I finally tell you what the impact of your actions has truly done to me and my path in life. I know you are no longer living and I wish I had had the courage to do this when you were, but it is my turn.   28 years ago you took it upon yourself to completely obliterate the lives of two little girls. You took their worlds and in one fell swoop made sure that they had absolutely no chance for a normal healthy life or healthy happy relationships. You knew there was no way we would be able to say anything to anyone about what you had done. You knew that we were instantly broken and that there was no way we would want anyone else to know what had happened. You knew we would feel disgusting enough to never mention it to anyone.   You made sure to assert that dominance over me continually throughout my life by making it impossible for me not to be alone with you or in your presence at least at some point. I had to sit in that car with you every Sunday feeling my skin crawl and praying that if that car stopped nothing would happen, while you happily chatted and acted like nothing had happened. I guess in your world nothing had happened because as I learned from a cam customer that came into my room asking me if I had a dog I would fuck for him on cam that when the look of total disgust registered on my face his response was "Hey, you can't help what you like". That was probably your mentality too.   You set us up for a lifetime of feeling like we were damaged goods, that no man would ever truly want us for anything other than what we could do for him sexually, you made me scared of men to the point that I flirt with most of them in hopes that if they think I am interested they won't hurt me. You took away our sense of security, trust, hope, and any chance that we could hold our own in this world. I can not speak for her, but I can tell you that I have not had a normal relationship with anyone since you laid your hands on us. Because what was normal to me before that became something of dream, a life that I used to have, but this was the life I was now forced to deal with.   The worst part is that you used the guise of being a Man of God to worm your way in. You were my grandpa, the one I had never had. I loved and trusted you with all my heart and I naively thought that I would always be protected in your presence, not forever broken because of it. You distorted my perception of what a christian man or man in general should be. You made me believe that if it was okay for you to mess around with us then it was okay for me to go and do those things, that it was obviously expected of me especially from someone I cared about that that is how you show emotion when you love someone.   I have always felt like I had to go above and beyond and be something I am not to gain love, friendship, and respect from others. I have said and done things I didn't mean so many times just trying to cover up the pain, self loathing, and disgust that I feel for myself every single day. I have hidden my true self so deeply that I don't even know who the hell I am because not knowing is easier. You destroyed our sense of self, our confidence, our self worth, and you didn't even bat an eye. Our relationships with men have been affected so deeply neither of us will probably ever have a truly healthy relationship with anyone. I have an insatiable urge to be liked, loved, cherished, and all that stupid bullshit by men because you taught me that sexual desire is stronger than any other and that if I really want to have relationships with people it's on their terms.  The first question people ask you when they find out you were abused is "Why didn't you say anything, why didn't you tell anyone?" That answer is simple......Having everyone in your world know what happened is the most awful thought to a child. Why would you want to relive something 8 trillion more times than they 8 trillion times you were already going to have to relive it in your life. I wanted to die Roy, DIE!! I have wanted to every day since, but I am a coward. Do you understand that, you made me not want to live, I didn't want to live with this for the rest of my life, keeping a secret like that bottled up. You made me dirty, disgusting, filthy and then turned me loose back on the world with the expectation that I would keep my mouth shut. Well I did and it cost me irreparably!!   I am so tired of hearing people tell me that if I give you the power over me and my life that you win. Well guess what,  you already won! You won the moment you decided to mess with two little girls, to take things away from them they hadn't even had a chance to experience yet. You won when you decided to overlook the fact that this could have potentially life threatening ramifications if one or both of us were unable to deal with the aftermath. You won when you decided to disregard our feelings to put your own first. You won Roy, plain and simple, you took the innocence of two little girls and you obliterated it. There was no repairing from that or healing from it and you knew it. Just like all abusers, rapists, and molesters. You knew how hard it would be for us to say anything. That's where your man of God guise came into vital play. No one probably would have believed us anyway. Men of God don't do that sort of thing.  Not a day goes by that I don't think about how all of this is my fault. I took her to your house, I asked to show her that damn car, and I am the reason she has had to spend her life dealing with all the things she has felt. I have turned to drugs, sex, and other things to combat the pain so I can only imagine what things she herself has had to turn to. You have also made it virtually impossible for us to even open up to each other about what happened. I need to apologize to her for wrecking her life, but I am scared, just like I have been of everything thanks to you.  You are gone and it is in the past never to be changed or undone so I am forgiving you. I will NEVER forget what you did to us that day and I am so sorry that I let it control my life and relationships for so long. But today I release the pain, anger, hurt, confusion, betrayal, sadness, hopelessness, and the despair I have felt for the last 28 years. I can't change the failed relationships but I can make sure that no more fail because of you and your inability to keep your hands to yourself. I shouldn't have to spend my life afraid to get close to people for fear of being hurt in one way or another and I won't do it anymore.   You have robbed me for the last time of any emotion, power, memory, and self confidence. Today I say goodbye to you and what you did to us. Like I said I will never forget it, but I do forgive you. I know there will be rough days ahead trying to move past it, but I also know that the more I let it go the stronger I will become and that I will eventually be that success you tried to beat down.
Sometimes I feel like I’m strangling. The memories of him feel dirty, like I’m looking at them through a window that hasn’t been washed in ten years. It’s almost impossible to talk about. It gets repetitive. I don’t know what to say. I don’t know how to say it. I can’t stop remembering.I hate how he made it so I would always doubt myself, so he would always seem less guilty, by waiting until after my birthday. I hate that I went to him. That I did these things voluntarily. Everything he did he did in a way that would make it look as consensual as possible, and I know he did it that way on purpose. If he’d been an uncle it would have been easier to know that it was wrong, but we weren’t related by blood.I want to go into all the sickening details. I’d like to be able to describe how wrong they feel. But I can’t. Either I can’t remember them, or I can’t utter them, or I don’t know how to make them make sense.The first time I had sex I was on top. I don’t remember much other than that. It was probably in his bed, in my parents house. I probably snuck across the house because my parents didn’t know. I don’t think it hurt.He said he’d leave me better off than he found me, but he never expected either of us to leave. He said he was the teacher, and I was the student, but I was never supposed to learn. He lived in filth and when I was with him I lived in it too.I wish someone could protect me from memories.
To cut a really long story short, I'm a CSA survivor, and a very recognisable/long-term coping mechanism for me is becoming numb/robotic. I can only deal with my abuse by thinking about it, getting upset and allowing myself to process those feelings, but sometimes that's too hard and I cut myself off from those feelings, which allows me to function better but also turns me into a robot (and generally means I have random outbursts of weird/self-destructive behaviour).I'm currently avoiding thinking about anything abuse-related since I'm in my final year at uni and I can't, *can't* afford to be having weekly emotional meltdowns just now. I'm not in a place where I can be thinking about this all the time and constantly feeling vulnerable and awful. Obviously repression comes with lots of negatives too - I'm sleeping really badly, not eating much (mostly intentionally - it's like self-harming without self-harming, if you get me?), and I'm incredibly irritable and angry all the time. Like, *so* fucking angry, with everything. I'm not really looking for advice, because I already know that the only way to feel better is to start working on all those trauma-related feelings again, but that's not an option just now. I think I just wanted to get it off my chest.
Hey everyone, I am looking for advice/thoughts on my current relationship. To start things off I am a male, and I when I was younger (11-14) I was sexually abused by a female neighbor of mine who was a few years older than I was. This has obviously created difficulties down the line with my relationships. My current GF and I have been together for several years, and we really only have one major issue that we struggle to overcome and that is intimacy. I had major problems early on in our relationship and have gotten significantly better, she has self-confidence issues and associates intimacy with self-worth, also better but is still a problem. If she is turned down she breaks down and cries even though she knows it has nothing to do with her.In the beginning of our relationship I gave in to her demands, I could not say no. I did things that I did not want to do, when I did not want to do them, just so she wouldn't cry. Obviously this is not a healthy thing in any relationship, and I truly do not believe she knows that this has happened. I have not done anything I was not 100% okay with in the past 2 years.We have been talking about getting married, and this is the only concern that I have. While I do believe that this is behind us, at the same time I fear that I will be in a situation where I don't say no, and that is a situation I never want to be in again. I can't tell if this is just me struggling to overcome my issues, if I am just paranoid, or if this is something I should really be concerned about. Has anyone else had similar problems or been in a similar situation?
I don't know why I feel the need to ask this or share these stories. I guess I just am looking for validation in taking my own experiences seriously and allowing myself to... I don't know. So many people have been through so much worse and I don't feel like I have a right to think of these events as abuse or serious. My dad washed my mouth out with liquid soap because I said no when told to go to bed. he also spanked on occasion and threatened with his belt. I don't consider this abusive but when I mentioned it to a friend she said that it was, she was quite horrified.My mom was quite dismissive of injury or illness. She always said not to tell dad because he would want us to go to the doctor and she didn't want to spend money. I have a memory of sitting on the couch for a while after I had broken my arm to wait for my mom to finish her dinner and glass of wine before going to the ER. I was holding it together as it fractured and dislocated at the elbow. When I was in preschool I was inside one of those fischer price play houses and I remember several older boys in there with me. My preschool did after school care for elementary school kids. I remember two holding me down and touching me over my underwear. then one said he was going to pull them down and I told him I would scream if he did. He did and I screamed and the teacher came. I don't know if this is actually considered sexual assault because it was over underwear and done by other children. 
Hello all,I'm not sure if this is the correct sub for this, if not please let me know. When I was maybe 11-13 (ages uncertain), I was involved in some sexual exploration for 1-2 years with a sibling who was 2 years older. I'm not sure if I was being molested or taken advantage of, as I knew what I was doing, but I'm not sure I knew it was wrong, or if my sibling knew it was wrong at the time. I'm having some problems in the bedroom with my current (and all previous) boyfriend, and I'm concerned that these somewhat repressed and uncomfortable/disturbing memories and experiences are affecting my current life, and my relationship with that sibling. My question is, how do I find a therapist to help me through this? Is a general therapist the right way to go? Or a sex therapist? I'm not sure if a sex therapist encompasses "abuse", or whatever this really was. Again, if this is the wrong sub, please let me know. Thank you for your time. 
I've gone to therapy before, but right now I do not have health insurance and cannot afford to go. It also hurts a little bit to talk about these things, since throughout my childhood I was made to believe I was a liar and that I was crazy (an abuse tactic perpetrated by my stepmother). My life has been wild so far, and at times outrageous. Bear with me. Here goes. My biological mother was physically abusive to my family when I was a baby. I’ve heard stories about her hitting my dad with a baseball bat, throwing plates at my brother, kicking him in the balls, throwing hair dryers into my sister’s bathtub, pointing and firing an unloaded gun at my sister’s head, etc. My siblings were old enough to know what was happening, which always makes me so frustrated. I can’t really remember anything because of my young age, but I completely believe that it was hell for them. I’m going to call my biological mother, Dawn, by her name. I have no attachment to her and hate calling her my mother. Dawn was an alcoholic and abusive. She loved vodka. In order to get the abuse to stop, my brother actually had to threaten my dad to leave with me and my sister if he didn’t get a divorce. So he got the divorce. In the state that we were living in, divorces often called for 50/50 visitation rights, and my brother had to go in and tell the advocate all the horrors that happened in order to revoke custody from Dawn. For some reason though, I still had to go over and visit her. I’ve repressed the memories of visiting her for years, because they’re still very painful. Whenever I was over at her apartment, she’d drink her vodka and pass out on the couch. She’d leave piles of dishes and laundry on the floor, so much so that her landlord often threatened to kick her out and I was sent into a panic, trying to frantically clean up a grown woman’s mess. I remember the piles of vodka bottles by her couch, and how embarrassed I was whenever people saw them. I lived like that until I was about seven or eight, spending most of my time at my single dad’s house, and some random weekends at Dawn’s. And then my dad got a serious girlfriend, who would later become my stepmother. They got married when I was nine, and my stepmother, Ruth, grew more and more emotionally abusive toward me until the time I moved out. I was emotionally neglected for some years, and often Ruth would give harsh and sometimes cruel punishments when I did things wrong. Example A: one time, I was supposed to sell candy  bars for the soccer team I was on. I HATED selling things, no matter what they were. So I left them sitting in the house, and whenever I was hungry, I would eat one. I ended up finishing the whole box of candy, and for my punishment, Ruth took every single thing out of my room (toys, pictures, etc) until it was just a bed and a desk, and made me sit in my room every single day after school until school the next day. For a MONTH. She would bring up my dinner on a platter and have me eat alone, listening to her and my dad talk and eat downstairs. She told me at the beginning of this punishment that this was gonna be a month long deal, and so I counted down the days until it was over. Well, when that time came around, I got home from school and excitedly ran downstairs and told her that the month was over. She looked me right in the face and told me she had originally said two months, which I knew was a blatant lie. But since her words were law, I had to sit through another fucking month of that bullshit. Example B: She made me eat an entire gallon of ice cream because I had taken a spoonful of it. I had to sit there for hours and eat it while she taunted me, and by the end of it I was going to puke. But she still made me sit there and eat it and feel disgusting until every last little DRIP was gone. I truly think she got pleasure from seeing me suffer like that. This eventually got to the point when I was a teenager, where she convinced everyone I was literally crazy. She sent me to multiple therapists, and every time I started to tell the therapist what was wrong at home, she would send me to a different one. The psychiatrist put me on pills and she was convinced that these pills made me unfit to drive even though these pills don’t fuck with that at ALL. She made that an excuse to keep me locked up in the house under her watch. It got so bad that she was telling people I was clinically insane and I had to move out. I lived with a different family for the rest of my senior year of high school. She only physically abused me once, but still uses that instance to gaslight me and make me think I’m crazy. At that time she made sure my dad was on the other side of the house, and she fed him some bullshit story and eventually denied it altogether. (She slapped me multiple times and choked me out. She has done the exact same thing to my sister and lied about it too). She was a classic emotional abuser. She would never apologize, always freak out about the stupidest shit, neglect me when she thought I had done something wrong, invalidate my feelings constantly, brand me a crazy liar, call me names she knew I hated, always downplay my accomplishments or constantly criticize me because I couldn’t meet her freakishly high expectations, find ways to continuously control where I was or what I was doing, etc etc etc etc… I could really go on and on. The point of all this is that I’ve lived this entire fucking life, and no one knows how much I went through. I constantly feel like I was deprived of a mother, of a loving and normal household, and it seriously makes me so angry. And the fact that this lunatic is still married to my dad is fucking awful. 
Hello, my name is Damien Lira and I am a bigender individual currently living in Pennsylvania. I am also a survivor of childhood abuse.I moved from my home state of California about five years ago to attend college in Pennsylvania. My reasons for leaving were left ambiguous. I'd half-lie and say, "Oh, I just wanted a change of scenery" or "My goal was to go to college in the East Coast." It's not a lie but it's far from the truth. I left because I was looking for an escape from my abusive father.Losing your wife is one thing. Taking it out on your children is another. The fact that people encourage spankings makes me sick to my stomach. Most of the time, I wasn't doing anything wrong. He'd do it because of my poor grades in math, science and occasionally, history. There was no way of pleasing him, even when he himself had a lot of inner demons he had been submerging in to this very day. It wasn't just physical but it was also verbal. If he had something to say, he'd say it without any remorse. In middle school, he told me I didn't have any friends because of my bad breath. Even in my recent college years, when I decided to speak up about his take on women, he told me he feels "sorry" for whoever decides to marry me. Nowadays, when I talk to him, after he lost his house and now lives in a small rented apartment for around eight-hundred dollars a month, he keeps telling me he feels bad that he couldn't support us. Frankly, I've grown numb to his words. I never got to know my mother. I'd rather have a stable acting career than get married and/or have children. While some have managed to do both, it seems those marriages don't last very long and it ends up becoming an ugly custody battle that I myself would not want to deal with. So why even pursue a relationship in the first place if one incident will ruin everything?I currently work two seasonal jobs: one I love and the other I can't stand. Regardless, they help me pay the bills as well as my rent. However, I've been working so much, I've forgotten that I want a career. Of course, depression has made it harder for me to find, let alone pursue, acting opportunities in my area. I've had co-workers tell me I should have stayed where I was if I want to be an actor or a screenwriter. I've made it very clear by moving here that I refuse to move back to my home state where he is currently residing. Hell, I have no interest in moving to New York in pursuit of being a stage actor. Plus, I don't have the money for a headshot or substantial experience to write an actor's resume. But this post isn't really about my aspirations to become an actor. In spite of all the trials and tribulations of life, I've managed to walk this rocky path with my heart still beating. It's not a strong heart beat but it beats regardless. I see a therapist almost every week, work several jobs that pay the bills, continue to work on my original stories on off days and volunteer once a week at my local library.While I constantly think I could be doing a lot more with my life, I always remember to be grateful that I'm still alive and independent because I know there are many like me who never even got a chance. If you'd like to reach out to me, I have two primary platforms I use:Blogspot: http://mxdamienl.blogspot.com/ Tumblr: Selectively giving out. Just message me.
I apologize in advance for the long post, but I'm feeling completely at a loss and I don't know what to do.Some backstory: I'm 25 and suffer from depression and severe anxiety, the latter of which causes panic attacks, hypervigilance and dissociation (according to a couple therapists). My parents got divorced when I was 3, and I would spend every other weekend with my dad. Until I was maybe...12? About six months ago I had a flashback that was incredibly confusing. It was of my dad's bed, and it gave me one of the worst panic attacks I can remember having. I don't understand how an innocent image can evoke such fear?? Even when I think about it, i can only imagine it for a second before my brain turns it away.A year ago I tried out a new shampoo, it smelled like peppermint. It reminded me too much of my dad's shower and it weirdly scared me. I got out of the shower immediately and gave the shampoo to my mom instead. The same thing happens with other smells, it doesn't give me full memories, only pictures with bad feelings. When I went to see a therapist about my anxiety, they asked if I could remember my first panic attack. I was around 12-13 and it was the night before (what would end up being) my last visit to my dad. I hadn't seen him for a few months before that visit (he lived a couple hours away.)The thing is, he was a really great guy by a day and a creepy uncomfortable alcoholic by night. He actually passed away recently because of his alcoholism and drug abuse. I can't remember a lot of the visits too well, but I can't imagine that he'd drink with me there and be inappropriate? I realize how ridiculous this sounds, but I can't understand why these memories and feelings would come up when i can't remember any ACTUAL abuse. I've always been asked by doctors and my mother whether I was abused or not because I get panic attacks during my OB/GYN appts and just other reactions towards people and sexual situations in general. I always said no because I don't like talking about that stuff and I'd remember it if it happened right? I feel like I'm staring at a puzzle where all the pieces are fitting together but I can't understand the picture. Am I going crazy? Does any of this make any sense? I feel like the worst human alive for thinking of him this way. I guess I just needed to get this off my chest and I wanted to know if I'm nuts and making a mountain out of a molehill. I was told by a friend that body memories can lie to you, so maybe I'm just making this up for some weird unconscious reason. Anyways, sorry for the long post. Any advice is greatly appreciated. 
You know how sometimes you'll be thinking and a memory will pop up that you almost forgot, because it was so normal in your life, but now that you view it from your lens of experience and knowledge, you realize it was absolutely deplorable? Yeah, I just had one of those.When I was young (4 or so), I used to get terrible nosebleeds out of nowhere. My nose would just start pouring blood. It got so bad that I had to go to the ER every time I got one to get the blood vessels cauterized.I remember that during that period, I would get smacked across the face A LOT. For any reason, mouthing off, not saying ma'am or sir, etc. But what makes this so bad is that before my parents would smack me, they would tell me to cover my nose to try and protect it from getting another nosebleed.THEY KNEW THEY WERE GOING TO MAKE ME BLEED AND TRIED TO PREVENT IT NOT BY NOT HITTING ME, BUT BY HAVING ME COVER MY NOSE! What kind of fucked up shit is that?!? This was cold and calculated abuse, not "I did the best I could with the knowledge I have." This was planned.And honestly? My nosebleeds probably were caused by repeated trauma to my nose and I just don't remember it. I have a deviated septum from a broken nose that was never set properly, but I don't remember ever having it broken and my nose has been crooked for as long as I can remember. They probably broke my nose and that's what caused it all.Those fucking bastards.
X-Post with /r/abuseI've been abused pretty much since I was a child. As a child, I was beaten and had my life threatened and because of that, I grew up highly sensitive to signs of abuse. Does not mean I avoided it later in life though. When I was 14, I was molested for the first time on a mall escalator. I tried to tell myself it was nothing since the guy "only" caressed my arm. Even if it was for a long time. When I was 15, a man molested me on the bus by caressing the side of my breasts and pressing up on me. I was scared and froze for a while before finding courage to exit the bus. I'd never been touched by a man before that and felt so sick.Since then I absolutely hate it when a man sits next to me on the bus (I noticed it happened especially on the bus and much less so on a train). I tense up a lot, feel defensive and stare at his hands. Can't breathe properly. There is a stark difference in how relaxed I feel once the seat next to me is empty again. This still happens daily and in fact just happened. I am 40 now and it was only this year, that I realized it was that incident that scarred me for life. I've since had boyfriends who weren't kind to me and weren't faithful and the last one raped me once and had fantasies about killing me (he said so) and once threatened to kill us both by speeding and zipping in and out of traffic. The only time he was nice to me was when he was on drugs and he would blame me for it. He would invent things I didn't do just so he would have something to throw in my face because I was a more expressive and eloquent speaker. But I hate being accused of something I didn't do. I'm 40, live with an emotionally abusive sister, have been in 3 relationships including 2 very long term ones and do not know what it feels like to be truly loved by a man. I am not saying they did not love me in their own way but I just don't feel it. I thought I did then because I wanted to believe it was better than it was. I play the role of the strong one and the counselor among my friends but have no one to turn to (yes I did try - I get lost blank looks). I don't tell any one this much detail. I tried a counselor but she got uncomfortable talking about sexual abuse and kept yawning coz she's overworked. I have no money for an expensive psych. I do not know how to get past all of this. I have been single since 2011 and genuinely, only 10-15% of the time miss being in a relationship. They feel like way more trouble than they are worth and maybe I'll die a crazy car lady, whatever. I don't believe I won't be hurt badly again coz, well, I seem to a magnet for this shit don't I? I really do think I'm a great gf and a really good person and to be shallow for a while, I look way younger than my age and have always been told so. I want to be better emotionally. But how do I heal from the abuse? TLDR: how to heal from lifetime of abuse? 
Can I still bring my abuser to justice even though it happened two years ago? I've been too scared of him coming to find me and killing me/beating me to do anything about it for a long time. I live in Illinois, by the way.
I know this thread is for stories about healing and surviving abuse, but I don't know where else to put this. Please don't ban me. Just let me know if I need to delete it and I will.I feel so lost and empty. This is a post that requires some background, so it's going to be a tad long. I'm sorry in advance.I'm married to a man who I thought was a good man. I mean, I've known since the beginning he is an alcoholic, materialistic, and self-centered, but otherwise he's pretty good. Hard worker, decent father, handy around the house and our cars, etc.Well, this election season was very tough on me. I voted for my choice, because the other choice was too triggering with my past as a child of abuse and because I am a strong believer in equal rights and an equal social system for all.My husband has always fallen on the other end of the political spectrum. However, I thought he would never vote as he has in the past in this election because of the rhetoric of of the other candidate being so deplorable. Well, he did. He voted for the one I didn't and it broke me. I screamed at him for electing that person when he has two daughters and is married to a bisexual rape/child abuse survivor and his candidate isn't exactly know for helping people like us.He basically told me that my reaction made him want a divorce. I can agree, I said horrible things, that he was a hateful, ignorant, racist, sexist, xenophobe who only cared about himself. I thought I was okay with leaving him, and was going to ask for a divorce myself, but as soon as he said he wanted one, I froze. I couldn't emotionally handle knowing I wasn't wanted, especially not by the man I spent a decade of my love with, especially not after my childhood as a SG and knowing I was hated/not wanted by my parents.So, I gave in. I promised I wouldn't ever say anything about my political beliefs to him again, that I wouldn't question him ever again, that I would be the perfect wife. He got pissed and tried to talk to me, saying he didn't want me to change myself, he just didn't want me. I pulled out the only trick I had left to keep him from kicking me out: my mother.I told him that when he said I was a horrible person for calling him those things, I realized I was acting like my mother and expecting everyone to think and act exactly like me. He immediately accepted that and withdrew his request for a divorce.Since then, my reaction to life has been, "Conceal; don't feel." (Don't judge, I have two little girls, of course I'm going to be affected by Frozen.;) )I don't know if I really believe I was acting like my mother or if I was reacting appropriately to him actively supporting someone who I believe to be a monster. I do know I actively made the decision to manipulate him into not kicking me out by invoking her and saying I didn't want to be like her because of how much he absolutely loathes her. (If anyone has advice about this portion, I would really appreciate it.) I don't know how to gauge how wrong this is, but I do believe it is.Now, I'm just...I don't even know. I'm constantly feeling like I have no hope, I have no feelings, I just feel...empty isn't the right word, but it's close. I imagine I feel like someone who survived a zombie apocalypse but lost their whole family too. Like, there's no reason to continue on. I still love my husband, but he's been posting some very disturbing rhetoric on Facebook ever since I gave in. I can't say anything about it, because I promised but it hurts me. He posted about how LGBT shouldn't be a thing and anyone labeling themselves as such is just a whiny loser. As I said, I'm bisexual. The more he says/posts, the more zombie apocalypse-y I feel. I just don't know what to do. I'm not suicidal, but I just don't want to exist anymore. I have a perfect spot picked out where I could crash my car and it would look like an accident so my family would still get the insurance money. I looked up how much Ambien it takes to OD and calculated how long it would take to save up enough from my normal prescription. I'm not going to act on these things, but I can't help thinking them.I don't know what I want out of this post. Maybe to get it all out? My last post on /r/raised by narcissists helped me stop perseverating on what happened when I was fifteen so much, so maybe this one will do the same.I know this isn't about my abusive parents, except that their emotional abandonment of me made me terrified of being left, even if I want to leave. (Which btw, I don't anymore, and I'm not sure why, so feel free to weigh in on that too, if you would like.) So, maybe this can be allowed because of surviving abusive parents who are screwing my life up with what they did in the past? Thanks for reading. Like I said, I don't know what I wanted from this, but I just couldn't hold it in anymore.
I am now married and I have been dealing with flashbacks during sex. I have said something at times but not when it happens. He has said he wondered if I was having a flashback and is curious to know when it happens. My problem with this is if I tell him when it happens is he going to feel like it is something he did or didn't do that could have possibly triggered the flashback. I do not want him feeling at fault. He didn't do anything wrong. I honestly do not know what it is that has triggered the flashbacks if there was anything at all that could have triggered it. I know there is something that caused it but just hoping nothing that my husband is doing that I would have to tell him to stop. I wouldn't even know where to begin. This is related to my latest blog post http://www.throughourlives.com/family-2/mental-memory-physical-moments/
I have been in the practice of covering up and hiding my true self from those who didn't know me when things were bad. I stopped therapy and subsequently taking my medications because they weren't working anyway and learned to manage my panic/ anxiety attacks depression and ptsd on my own with only the support of my long-time partner whose experienced these issues as well. That was 5 years ago. For a while it worked i made it through high school and miraculously graduated with a 2.5 after a year and a semester of straight Fs. I avoided triggers and stopped cutting. A couple months after graduating i decided to challenge myself and go to japan for school.My anxiety and panic attacks as well as my ptsd are triggered around large groups of people, public bathrooms, schools loud noises, some violence, screaming etc. so this was no easy task. my daily commute from yokohama to shibuya for school required 20 min of being packed in a train like sardines with other random commuters. living there also required me to talk to people in a language that i wasnt by any means fluent in which caused me a lot of embarrassment and anxiety. the good part about this is that Japanese people are very polite and would never make fun of me or any foreigner for messing up the languages. instead i was given encouragement and help. My biggest struggle during my time there was with my share house roommates. Back home i had a small circle of fiends that i trusted and had known for a while and i didnt have many social interactions with anyone outside that group so making friends with strangers from all over the world.Due to the nature of my abuse history i am very uncomfortable around girls and try to avoid them but i tried to overcome these anxieties and give them a chance. This was by far the hardest thing, i felt so awkward and it didnt take long for the thoughts of inadequacy to cause problems with keeping the panic attacks away. I wound up leaving japan to go home for good 2 times but came back and finished my term successfully. i even made some friends that i still talk to. i honestly think that going there was the best thing that ever happened to me. However, now 2 years later im faltering. i moved to seattle wa with my girlfriend in october of last year and in february 2016 i had my latest bought with depression. This time it hit me harder than ever and i quit my job that i used to enjoy and hid myself in my apartment and would go days without leaving the couch and weeks without leaving the house. I would numb myself with clickbate, binged tv and played my fav game the sims 3 obsessively anything to drown out my mind that was going a thousand miles an hour. During this i refused to admit that i was depressed instead i would make the excuse that i was finally able to play the sims with all my mods.It wasn't until i began watched andrew solomon's ted talk called the noonday demon did i realize that i was. My problem with depression before this had always been a symptom of abuse so i was very surprised that i was still dealing with it while seemingly content. Usually i get depressed because i repress my feelings until i go numb and cant feel anything and i realized that i was still doing that. Around the time my depression reoccurred i had just found out that my girlfriend had been hiding an infidelity she had during the first 3 months of our relationship. i found this out around our 4 year anniversary and we had a huge fight. i eventually forgave her and i thought things would go back to normal but the trust was gone. Over the next 6 months she would do things that would erode any remaining trust i had in her. Because of this lack of trust and hurt i began to have night terrors again. I hadn't had night terrors since highschool and they began to blur into reality.i started cutting again and the regular panic attacks started with a vengeance. we eventually broke up in the worst way possible, she moved out and i had what i would call a mini mental breakdown and attempted suicide. After this attempt i decided i needed supervision so i went back home to California and stayed at a friend's. After a week i finally felt better and went home. when i got home i albeit foolishly decided to give my relationship with my girlfriend another go a decision i dont regret per se but am definitely disgusted at myself about. I love her but i cant shake the opinion that if i loved myself i wouldnt be with someone who would treat me the way she did when we were ending. i made may mistakes as well but i guess i think i had more of a right to be angry than she. either way we resumed our relationship and she eventually moved back in. in september i started school and i am taking an amazing sociology class in which we have to write our testimonies.It felt really cathartic to write it and put all those bad emotions out there and out of my head. So today on a whim i started a tumblr and a twitter so i can write my story and maybe even join a community of people who have been through abuse and still struggle with it. I dont particularly like social media but after trying these platforms it seems ok.TL;DR: i started a blog. Please follow me: http://severely-damaged-goods.tumblr.com/
So, last night yet another argument ensued with my dad, with my mom getting mad at me for defending myself. I locked myself in the bathroom and cried and still get like shit when we got home, so i got my pajamas on and went to bed way earlier then i usually do. I still feel like shit today, because i let myself be abused instead of call the police.He has done horrible stuff to me, but my mom neverbelived me, except for the one time he sprayed me with aerosol on my butt and i went crying to my mom and she gave him the glare.It hurt bad.he screams at me, threatens me, and hits me.My mom says i have a attitude all the time, when she's the one who's narcissistic and wont accept it. I want to get out, I want to leave, but i can't bring myself to do it.
Hey everyone first time on here. So I'm a 20 year old male, growing up I was always really soft and never stood up for my self. Well I'm high school 9th grade there was another boy who was 2 feet taller than me and was really big, we started out friends but over time he started to grope me. Now I figured this was a joke thing as I have seen other boys doing this so I just asked him to stop but it didint really bother me. The thing is he kept doing it. It got worse and worse. He actually started grinding me up against a wall and forcing me down and kind of my chest. This and the groping would go on the the entire school year.  I Asked for help from the principle and my parents but no one would listen. He would even force me to come to class with him, if I didint he would threaten to burn the stuff in my backpack even one time holding my bible and started to light it. The thing is for some reason I feel as if I'm over reacting. Even though I still can't be touched at all by anyone but my boyfriend and even then only sometimes, and i have massive panic attacks when ever someone does touch me. I know so many people have had it way worse and we're raped or idk. I just feel like even though I had it bad I don't deserve to feel upset about it. What do you guys think? 
Hello. Throwaway as I am a long time redditor and I don't want my accounts associated with this. On January 18th 2016 my daughter was taken from my home and given to her abusive, addict father. My family and I have been fighting to get her back ever since. We are tired but we will not be defeated, as nothing will stop me from bringing justice to not only myself but to my beautiful baby girl too. There are more details on the Link to [Go Fund Me](http://www.gofundme.com/getting-my-granddaughter-home).  I'm typing on iPhone so I left out a bit. But as I say below, I will answer any and all questions. As I'm sure many of you unfortunately know, you spend so long covering for someone and making up excuses and lies for the awful things they have done that when you finally get the courage to leave, getting people on your side can be difficult. I thought we were finally safe in the small town my father grew up in. I had been granted an ex parte civil protection order on November 24th 2015. Both myself and my daughter were listed on the order. Awaiting service to her father back in NJ (I would like to preface that I was allowed to take her out of state and had a signed order) he finally got served and our court date was set for January 20th 2016 and I had both a lawyer and an abuse advocate ready to take the reins. Long story short (and I would be more then willing to answer any and all questions) NJ called OH and not only had our protection revoked, but also gave him full custody and took away all my rights. Yes. Her mother with a career and no record and nothing but love and happiness and protection for her. They gave her to an opiate addled abuser. I hired a lawyer right after. He did not do his job for months. I fired him and he is now facing complaints. Myself and my mother then hired a second lawyer and since September we have been to court twice and have another date coming up. The final date. My mother has made a GoFundMe. If you can't donate, please share and spread the word. All I want is for this story to get out there. I want to hear from anyone who has experienced something similar. I want to hear your stories. I just want hope. Link to [Go Fund Me](http://www.gofundme.com/getting-my-granddaughter-home)
I was always terrified of my mother as a child. She is a survivor of childhood physical abuse herself, and she has implied there was sexual abuse going on in the home too. She was very frightening to me as a little boy. One thing I have learned is that female survivors of abuse experience much more emotional instability on their period, and apparently this is why she would get angry and scream at me. She only physically attacked me a few times but I remember those times very clearly.After many years, I have only very recently come to consider this behaviour abusive. However, I do not think she is aware of the damage she does. I think the point when the penny finally dropped is when she was pushing me about my job situation and she said 'Your father always dreamed you would go on and get some big job, but I knew you were never going to be capable of that'The thing is, when I was 18 I left home and never wanted to keep in touch with her- but then I got ill with bipolar disorder, far too ill to function, so I had to move home and she became my primary carer. I feel the dynamic of abuse re-established itself.But the thing that really f*cks with my head is this; she was smiling when she said that to me about me never being able to have a successful career. If it was said in an argument it would have really hurt. But she thought she was being kind when she said that. She was saying it in the context of her temporarily providing me with a place to live, rent free, because my Dad earns a lot of money and he can afford to do that.So I feel torn. She has provided me with a place I can live, but she has engineered the situation so she has control over my living environment- they are not even my landlords, as I don't currently pay rent I would have only squatters rights.And she thinks she's helping me and she is helping me- because I would be homeless otherwise.I can't figure out if I'm being abused or saved from myself or both.
So a few years ago I was in a bad relationship, but I don't like to say it was abusive because I know some people have it so much worse. I was absolutely smitten with this girl and she was basically controlling me the entire time. I was pretty insecure when it started and she sort of fed on that and made it worse and it kind of got to the pint where I would do literally anything she told me because I had no self esteem and basically Idolized her. I hurt a lot of people just because she told me to and didn't realize it until almost a year in. I always knew something was wrong but never confirmed it was her. After a few months the stress alone kind of split my mind and I began to develop schizophrenic-like symptoms. I was paranoid, delusional, irrational, and it all kind of coalesced into its own personality, like all of the bad thoughts started to sound like the same voice. After almost a year I began descending into psychosis, it was in some ways different and worse than I  had expected. I wasn't seeing things, but I never trusted what I saw and I made all these grandiose delusions trying to explain what was happening without seeing the truth. I almost killed myself a few times but at some point I convinced myself that I was in hell and all my pain was from demons torturing me and that if I did kill myself I'd just wake up and have to relive everything all over again. Then one day she broke up with me by texting me in detail who she had been cheating on me with (3 people) and how they we're all better than me. I just remember everything went red, I grabbed a knife and began marching over to these peoples houses, nothing else mattered, I didn't care about prison, I didn't care about dying I just wanted revenge. And then while on  the way to the first guys house something clicked into place and I realized that this whole time I was nothing more than a pawn,that the past year of what I thought was love was nothing more than me being someone else's tool, and I went home.I don't like to say its abuse because it was largely self perpetuated by my own delusions, but I really don't know what else to call it. I've had to pretty much entirely get over it myself because I'm afraid others won't take me seriously/won't understand the mental trauma, and I also can't afford a therapist.I just want to know if this even counts as abuse.
Hey guys, just thought id share my story to help and get help, and just be a part of this subreddit, which i think would be good for me.Essentially, I was verbally abused, emotionally abused,and beaten during my upbringing.  I cannot recall how many times ive been hit in the face.  At two points, I was strangled, once until I was about to black out.  Nasty things were said to me as a child, things I imagine even a headstrong adult wouldn't take well from their parents.  I was made to feel terrible about myself.  Now, currently, im in an abusive relationship with a girl, one I dont have the guts to leave.  I feel as if, this abuse from my childhood as permanently impacted my self esteem.  I struggle with school, I struggle with relationships,  I always feel the need to impress.  How do you guys gain your confidence back?  I cant even recall when mine was ever there.
To whoever is reading this - thanks.I'm throwing this out into the ether of the internet hoping that somehow it will help. Anything could help at this point.I have been working through "The Courage to Heal Workbook" and took stock last week of the actual magnitude of the sexual abuse in my childhood. Now, I feel like there is this vast, open space where my past used to be - that it is this swath of dark, swampy, viscous pain/hurt/anger/distrust. Who am I if I've been able to pretend that swath is covered in glitter this long?How can I trust my judgement if I was so wrong about this?
She said I'm a tortured soul. That I'm angry all the time though I feel I am not. I tried being good to all the women I was with and felt I was. But I had this thing inside me that kept calling out to be acted out. And it came in the form of group sex. I had to watch someone else that I love doing things to others for me as I watched and would partake. Well my relationships have all ended and horribly. The women took it as I didn't love them. I did very much so. Apologies go out to them that they didn't trust my love for them.So my story is someone well known to me approached me when I was young. Made me get on my knees and we know what happened. As I grew up, I became vibrantly explosive with my anger. I got into so many figets  (as a result I have many injuries, including fractures along the left side of my face). It launched me into so many years of heavy drinking. The passed almost 7 I've remained sober with the help of groups.I never was one of the cool kids. For some reason in the 80's and 90's it seemed like everyone picked up on why I was different and they punished me for it. I'd be that kid sitting alone without invitation to joining things. Or I'd be at the principal's office-either for being a shit disturbed in class, or for being involved in a fight. I didn't realize the impact this shit had. I'm now mid-30's and it's affected every relationship I've ever had. Especially with Cari (my last, my fiancee).I didn't mean to be a bad person or want what is perceived as bad. I really didn't  know that this kink was affecting everything and turning the ones I loved against me, when I felt it was bonding us.So how am I affected now besides the kink? Well I'm still a loner pretty much and don't know how to be properly happy alone. My sister now knows EVERYTHING about who, what, etc. She helped me. She was going to make me call him, but instead I texted. And man did I send the biggest texts ever. I explained how he's robbed me of everything and most importantly, he took Cari away from me. All of my love and self feel gone. He tried to contact us back, but my sister spoke up to him and he confessed. That was the end of that, and the starting of a bigger bond between my sister and I. A pact. We swore never to speak the person's name, especially around family members coz they're well known to us and they're not a bad person to others. But I was the victim years ago, it's between he and I.So that happened within the passed couple of months. Since then, I moved from my city for work for a while and I'm trying to enjoy the scenery. I keep thinking about Cari, and this person...that's all I have for now.
Hi, I read the rules and I think this is okay but if it's not let me know. I'm a survivor of homeschool abuse. I have CPTSD but it's getting better. One way I've been coping is connecting with other survivors of homeschool abuse. I realize a lot of survivors don't see the correlation right away- or how homeschooling made their situation worse (key word: Isolation). In my case my parents pulled me out of public school when my teachers started pushing for me to get therapy and investigating the history of abuse in my home. So yeah... it happens. Looking for abuse survivors who were homeschooled so we can share experiences and compare notes. There's a homeschool recovery subreddit here too and it isn't super active but I'm encouraging other homeschool abuse survivors to join it.https://www.reddit.com/r/HomeschoolRecovery/(This is the part I'm not sure if it's okay)Regarding my own experience- not really in the mood to talk. I have been in the past but not right now lol. Also I'm aware that there is an ongoing investigation which both makes me happy and makes me a little sick. So anybody here been through that? Also ask away but I may not answer if you're curious- I want to get the word out. 
I was sexually abused by my servant at home, when I was 5 years old, I didn't realize I was sexually abused until I was 16, when I started having flashbacks, I can still remember some of the stuff he did to me, clearly, after that I had an abusive boyfriend at 16, I had no idea what I was doing, but I broke, broke so bad that it took me 5 years to realize he abused me, blackmailed me into staying with him, and when I finally broke free, I got married to a really nice guy, but then I started having sex problems, I didn't feel like having sex at all, and now I feel like I'm broken to pieces and I can't do it anymore.
word vomit from this eveningmy earliest and most vivid memories are that of being abused. hands where they did not belong on my small, innocent body. i can still feel them touching me. i. feel. them. listening for quiet whispers in the night when i should have been sleeping. others question why now, as an adult, i still hate the dark. the dark holds the things of nightmares. the black void of night has never brought me comfort. in the shadows lurk threats and demons. things of which we do not, we MUST not speak. they rob others of their comfort, making them squirm at the idea of a child, helpless, unable to protect herself from what lies waiting. calculating. biding its time, for the moment which she is left unguarded. she won't speak up. what would she say? the blackness would simply snuff her out. effortless. so she sits, blanket clutched over her head, eyes shut tight, waiting for those terrifying sounds in the night. intruders returning. monsters.
Has anyone gotten over this? I'm 28, still unable to maintain any friendships or social ties and the prominent thought that keeps coming to my head is"You're maladjusted and a defect. You can't be a liability to the lives of others - don't socialize unless you have something to offer to others."
What do you do when you are feeling lonely because you know something (something that happened to you in the past) that most people don't really want to talk about if they can avoid it? And sometimes you can't help but think about it, even though it's old news? And even if you don't know exactly what you'd want to say you do want to talk about it, but no one's listening?
Hello all, For context, my father psychically abused and sexually assaulted me from the ages of 10-16, and still attempts to manipulate me even after I moved out of his house (I am 18). I have recently made the realization that I absolutely cannot remember things about the places I lived when the abuse I suffered was the most prominent. Between the ages of 10-13, I can remember distinct things of my life along with the abuse. At that time, the most I suffered was my father groping me and trying to force me to kiss him. After that, between the ages of 14-16, things get very foggy. Keep in mind I have stellar memory and pride myself on it daily. At those ages he began hitting me, strangling me, slamming my head against objects, etc. It happened gradually, but by the age of 16 it was a daily occurrence and I feared for my life. I remember what he did to me in great detail, yet I struggle to remember things like the teachers I had in school, what the weather was like where I lived, who my close friends were at that time, etc. These are things I normally remember no matter how long ago it was. I don't remember what my room looked like, what my walk to school looked like, how long that walk was, or even what the school I went to vaguely looked like. The only things that help me remember are pictures. I was wondering if any other people suffered something similar? Not blocking out memories of abuse, yet forgetting other things that happened in your life at that time. I am hoping I am not the only one. 
He was charged with sexual assault and tried years ago, but didn't show up to the second hearing and is now unaccounted for. Recently I've been feeling a lot of guilt about this because if I had reported it when it happened, instead of the other girl he abused a few months later, he most definitely would not have escaped (due to some details I don't feel like sharing). Anyways, I can't find traces of the guy anywhere on social media or IRL(he was in the US illegally) and it's really eating into me. What can I do? It didn't bother me for the first year or two, but recently it's nearly always been in the front of my mind and I'm not sure why.
Whilst trying to sleep last night I had an extreme, visceral memory last night of traumatic abuse being done to me.All science basically says repressed memories don't exist, and that 'false' memories are more common.But the factors in my favour are:1) The fellow in the memory later was convicted and may still be in prison for abusing children.2) Later in sexual development I did 'unusual things' (sought out older men via the internet)3) I am now quite 'messed up' sexually - I am very submissive and crave domination - these are not bad things, I know, and are not 'messed up' I just meant that as a point.I really don't know what to make of this, where to go, and what to do.
Trigger warnings for sexual and physical abuseSo I wanted to talk about some stuff I went through in the past and about how I'm doing now, and see what people think. I've never really talked about this stuff in depth with anyone, so obviously strangers on the internet are my first port of call for beginning to spill! I'm wondering if anyone has any thoughts on my situation, and/or advice for me going forward because given what happened to me I don't exactly feel like I was directly abused, but equally I'm pretty sure that it's having a bad effect on my mental health. Also this'll probably be kinda long, cos I need to explain a few things, so sorry and thanks if you make it to the end!So about 3 years ago I graduated from university and decided that I wanted to go work teaching English in China. This had been something I had been thinking about for quite a while during uni. Anyway so I get on a program and go over and all that stuff. Anyway during my first month there I started chatting with a guy on some gay app. Our conversation was really sweet and lovely, and I was interested in meeting him, so after a while I went to meet up with him. Thing is he lived in the middle of the countryside (which is generally pretty poor and difficult to get to from the city) so visiting him was like a fairly big deal I guess. Anyway I met up with him and we like chatted and had dinner together and stuff and it was all very nice. Anyway when I needed to get back home he called up his ex, cos he said it'd be difficult for me to get back and his ex had a car. Seemed slightly strange, but you know, I didn't have many options! So yeah his ex drove me back to my apartment. Kinda awkward, but not really that serious seeing as he and I were just friends at that point.Anyway a week or so later I went back to meet him again, and we did the same kinda stuff. Chatted, went for dinner together, and generally just had a good time. At the end of dinner he invited me to stay at his for the night, and I was pretty psyched seeing as I was really into him. Anyway we went back to his place, and go through to his bedroom. That's when we find his ex asleep in his bed. Turns out they had been in a very long term relationship (I think 5 years or more) and had keys to each others houses etc. Anyway when the ex sees him and me together he gets wildly angry. He pushes the guy I had been seeing (I'm gonna call him J) outta the room into the hallway, and locked the like pull across latch on the bedroom door. He then tried to get me to give him a blowjob, but I refused. This made him even more angry, so he unlocked the bedroom door and pushed me out of the house onto the street and locks the door behind him. I could then hear him hitting and assaulting J through the door.Obviously at this point I was terrified. I was in a place I didn't really know, could barely speak any Chinese, and (given how late at night it was) had no way to go home. I started yelling out for help, which got the ex simultaneously scared and angry. He got J to open the door a crack and talk with me. Apparently both of them were worried about being found out (China is still a very homophobic place) and were worried that me calling out would attract unwanted attention. J asked me to go stay at a hotel nearby, but I was too freaked out and worried, plus obviously concerned about language issues. Essentially I refused to leave, so eventually the ex agreed that he would drive me home with J, so that I would leave them alone.The entire car ride was genuinely one of the most miserable of my life. At first I was crying and yelling at the ex. Every time I did he would threaten to hit me until I quietened down. After that J tried to talk to me and explain the situation in English (which his ex couldn't understand). He said that his ex had been abusive both sexually and physically throughout their relationship and that when J had broken up with him the ex had refused to accept it. Apparently the ex would frequently let himself into the house and force J to commit certain sexual acts (eg masturbating repeatedly until he couldn't cum, so that J would be "unable" to have sex with anyone else) as well as hitting and slapping him.Eventually we got closer to my apartment area. The setup was that it was essentially a kind of gated community, with usually a couple of guards standing at the front. My plan therefore was to call for help as soon as the car stopped so that the guards would come and see what was happening. However the ex deliberately stopped down the street from the gate, and when I started yelling pushed me out of the car and drove away like crazy.I then went to see a couple of friends in my apartment block who were obviously concerned about what had happened to me (I was a total mess, barely able to even speak properly until they calmed me down). They listened to me, and then decided we should go back to J's house. We did that, but it took ages and by the time we arrived the ex was gone. J was fine however (by which I mean, you know, alive and functioning, rather than doing well) so we slept the night and left in the morning.Anyway after that all my friends/foreign colleagues got wind of what was going on. I also ended up telling my school, which was not fun, but they were actually very good about it. However literally everyone was telling me not to see this guy again. I as a naive 21 year old who had never witnessed abuse before however, decided that I couldn't just walk away and needed to somehow keep seeing J and help him.To cut a long story short we did keep seeing each other, generally in secret and away from his home. We also ended up dating for about 8 months. However the ex obviously knew what was happening, and while I fortunately never saw him again I could still definitely feel his presence. J and I would deliberately stay in hotels and places where we thought we wouldn't be found. Often during this time J would get a call from his ex and be forced to return home with the threat of his house being trashed otherwise. He would then usually return to me several hours later with obvious signs of physical abuse, as well as tales of sexual abuse. What's more the ex somehow got hold of my phone number and started sending me texts about how he was going to kill me, describing exactly what he planned to do. At the worst point I got so paranoid that I was literally checking under the bed, behind curtains etc in my apartment because I was so worried about him being there (although admittedly this was probably irrational). Also scariest of all one time when J and I went out in a nearby city his ex sent J texts throughout the night telling him our location, and that he was going to send his friends to attack us. Anyway after maybe 6 months of this J and the ex had some kinda big talk where somehow J managed convince the ex to leave him alone and to give his house keys back. I dunno how he managed it but it worked. We then broke up two months later, with J telling me that he hadn't been in love with me for the last 5 or 6 months. That was obviously pretty upsetting- I went to pieces for a few days!Anyway I stayed in China for two more years after that. About a year and a half ago I started dating another Chinese guy who was honestly the sweetest, most caring guy I have ever met. I feel absolutely blessed that he is my boyfriend, as the level of care and compassion he gave to me was something I have rarely experienced.However I started to suffer fairly serious mental health problems. During my last two years in China I had a kind of light-depression, which probably just came off as cynicism and misanthropy to everyone else. During my final year though my depression worsened as I moved away from the city I had been working in to another city so that my boyfriend and I could live together. Whilst I was obviously very happy living with him I felt kinda isolated, and after some major backstabbing at work (it's own story in itself) I got pretty severly depressed to the point where I was walking out into traffic without really giving much of a shit. After about a month of this I was almost hit by a car, which caused a severe panic attack. After that I became housebound, and experienced extreme anxiety and occassional panic attacks when I went outside. I was obviously no longer able to work, and after I told my parents they became very concerned and arranged for me to flown back home.I have been back here for a few months now. At first things seemed much better. Being around my friends, and going to counselling helped a lot. However now I'm feeling bad again. I haven't been able to find a good or steady job owing to my ongoing anxiety. I have had a part-time job for the last couple of months working at a takeaway place, but I hate it and the prospect of going and dealing with customers makes me nervous and stressed. Also most of my friends have left now, as they were only back for the summer, meaning that I'm pretty much alone in my hometown, apart from my family obviously. My depression has been getting much worse, and I've been having occasional suicidal thoughts. The only thing keeping me going is my bf, and the prospect of him moving here next year (which we are working on and hopefully will happen).Anyway what I'm wondering is whether you think my experiences with abuse played any kind of part in this. During counselling I neglected to mention any of what had happened with J, not deliberately, but just because it didn't feel like the most important aspect (we were mainly working on curbing anxiety and panic attacks). Now though I'm not in counselling and I've been thinking about it more and more. I'm wondering if I might have some kinda PTSD or something from my experiences which has put all this stuff into motion. But basically I'm just extremely unsure, given that I didn't really experience abuse first hand, and that J was the one who was actually hurt by it. There's a lot of doubt for me, but I'm wondering if anyone might have any insight into why I might be having these problems and also any advice you might have for moving forward. These days I feel kinda stuck, and like nothing is going to get better. So yeah, any thoughts?Thanks if you read this, and sorry for writing such a huge wall of text!
So I'm at griz's biggest concert ever. A guy creeped on me and I got so claustrophobic I just ran out of the crowd. Like aaaaaaallll the way out :(. How do I get back in there? I'll hate myself if I don't get up and get back in there. It's the show of a lifetime 
I'm not frequent on this subreddit, so please forgive me looking for a place to talk. I don't have many outlets anymore as my therapy ended this last year. Generally, I'm doing much better but several things happened this week that set me off.For quick background, I have an older brother that was terribly abusive to me and my younger sisters. To express just how bad it was, starting when my first sister was only 7 years old (I was 9), he began molesting, raping, and prostituting her out to his friends. It continued for 6 years. I was collateral damage because I wouldn't participate and he hated having a younger brother. I remember going to school at times with bruises across my shoulders hidden under my shirt, along with a steady stream of social shaming when I'd get home. All the while, he was presenting himself in a way that he was revered as a "great guy" who even stood up for "the protection of women."It's 30 years later now. One of my sisters and myself have "mostly" worked through our issues. My other sister separated herself from the family, but I hope she's working through things in her own way. The truth has finally come out, but not many wish to hear it. In particular, my father. He doesn't want to know anything about it, and I've been told by my mother and sister that at his age "he couldn't handle it." Problem is, on Veterans Day he starts bragging about my older brother and how he's retired military and doing well financially. My father also pushes for me and my sisters to "let it go."I feel so betrayed by my father. It's as if me and my sisters don't exist to him; only the financially successful, high ranking military older brother. He's aware that something happened, but doesn't want to know any more. He regularly minimizes it all down to a misunderstanding.I now feel like whenever I see my Dad, our entire relationship is a lie. I have to keep my mouth shut around him and nod in agreement whenever he talks about my brother and his family. I'm so sick of it. I'm emotionally exhausted by it.What can I do?
Sorry if this is the wrong place to post i'm just desperate for some advice. I am using a throw away and changing names as friends know my reddit account.Last week my uncle and his partner Charlotte  broke up. Since this has happened Charlotte has decided that she does not want my uncle or any of my family involved in my cousin's (Joe) [4m] life. This includes my mum , who has regularly looked after my cousin since he was born, and has a very close relationship with him. My mum absolutely adores Joe and is very upset by Charlotte's reaction.Yesterday my uncle came to my family for advice. He has known for a while that Charlotte was sexually abused by her older brothers when she was around 6 years old (her brothers were then around 9 and 10). Her father was emotionally abusive and physically abusive towards her too. Her mother knew about the abuse but made her keep it secret for fear that it would ruin her sons lives.Charlotte never went to the police about this but still maintains a close relationship with her mum, dad and brothers. They spend a lot of time together and it seems that her mum and dad still have some control over her life. They are the ones that have convinced Charlotte to cut my uncle and my family out of Joe's life.Of course my uncle felt uneasy about having any kind of relationship with her family after hearing about the abuse, but did so at the request of Charlotte. He also believed that as long as he was around, no harm could come to my cousin as he would never leave Joe in their care without him being present. Now Charlotte is stopping him from seeing his son, he is worried that he will be at risk being left alone with her family members. My uncle is in the process of meeting with solicitors so that he can see his son.I have only just found out about Charlotte's family background and i'm very concerned that my cousin could be in the care of these people. I want to know what the best course of action is so that my cousin is safeguarded.I live in the UK (I don't know if that's important to know). Sorry if i've missed any important details out. I'm happy to answer any questions
I welcome any fellow survivors of childhood abuse to begin a conversation with me about our abuse and how we can heal from it. I am a coauthor of "What We're Afraid to Ask: 365 Days of Healing for Adult Survivors of Childhood Abuse."
People cope with hard times in so many different ways. People experience it so and process it so differently. I was abused all of my childhood, ended up in foster care, and now am an adult on my own. But how did I survive it? I learned to cope, in my own way. A lot of it was unhealthy!! But, eventually, I learned better ways to cope. Here is my story..http://monikahmay.blogspot.com/2014/03/coping-save-life.htmlPlease if you see someone struggling. Even if it's how they cope with a hard time. If it is dangerous tell someone. Their life is worth more! Don't let them feel alone. Help them. Guide them. Or if you can't, get someone who can!
Back in 2011 through 2012,  I was in an abusive relationship. I had known this girl (we'll call her K) for a few years, we talked a few times in high school, and she seemed sweet. We got to dating after our post-graduation summer. We were together for a year, and looking back, it was really only making me more than baseline happy for maybe a month or two before things soured. A month in, it was clear she was definitely not over her ex, we went to a community event where people serve you food and sing to you in ye olde timey costumes, and the entire evening she was obsessing over what her ex was doing with his new girlfriend there, and getting upset that he had moved on so quickly (K had moved on first). Her mother spent the entire evening complaining, and making fun of the poor kids who were performing, loud enough that nearby parents could hear it. When we went to hang out with friends afterward, she spent the rest of the evening bitching about her ex-bf, crying, and being hostile. She later asked if I would want to go to an event like that again and was upset when I said I didn't have a great time. I tried to be understanding, but I later recognized that she wasn't the type to move on from things.I felt like I was constantly competing with her emotionally abusive ex-boyfriend, and like she was taking out her anger on me. I tried extremely hard to make this woman happy, and it was never enough. She would go back and forth between telling me I was the only man she wanted to be with, to telling me I was worthless and nobody would want to date me, to even saying I should marry her because none of the "nice girls" were going to be single by the time I was comfortable being engaged/married. She knew I intend to remain a virgin until marriage, but was constantly pushing me for sex, making me feel bad for saying no, later saying she respected my decision before changing her mind again, and then explicitly saying that she would feel less guilty about her sexual history if she had sex with me (at no point did I try to make her sexual history a point of interest, her choices were her own, and the past was the past). Sometimes she would make a scene in public, once screaming at me in a crowded university cafeteria for making a silly joke about changing my hair to something intentionally awful. Other times she would slap me, or make negative comments about my appearance.She was very controlling as well, she didn't like when I spent my free time outside of school or work with anyone but her. If I was with friends, she insisted on being there too. She would constantly complain about my friends, then whine when I didn't invite her to come with me to spend time with them.  She would try to use my best friend to make me jealous (reaaaaallllly did not work, he's too good of a man, I trust him too entirely, and he's entirely deserving of that trust). These controlling behaviors continued even after we broke up. Within a few weeks after she broke up with me (I didn't put up a fight), she was looking to see someone else, told me about it, and I gave her an enthusiastic thumbs up to pursue someone new. She tried a few other guys, and eventually settled in one one guy that she started dating soon after, and is still with 4 years later (he's a super great guy actually. He's boring, but he's a sweet guy). Perhaps 6 months after she broke it up with me, she heard that I had a single date with someone else, my first date since we broke up. I let this girl (we'll call her C) meet a few of my friends, notably ones K didn't care for, to see what my friends thought of the new girl, and to have fun in a no-pressure situation. K hears about this and calls me demanding to know why I was trying to "turn people against her" and why I was trying to let someone replace her among our friends (none of them had heard from her in months, even after they tried initiating contact), and proclaiming that I wasn't considering her feelings at all (wasn't, because why would I?), then getting upset and announcing that she was jealous that I was moving on so quickly, and "how dare you" and such. Found out later she was fucking one of my closer friends almost immediately after the breakup. It wasn't the fucking that bothered me, though, when I found out. It was the fact she had attacked me for merely grabbing coffee with a stranger, throwing a fit of jealousy, when she had gone and done far more with someone close to me.  I tried to make a friendship work with K for a while because we came from the same town, shared so many friends for so long before we dated, and I figured if I was chill, she would do the same. The last straw for me was when she threw a fit AFTER she had a new boyfriend about me becoming closer (platonically, I might add) to an old friend from high school. "I feel like you're replacing me!", K said. I thought to myself, "nope, this is an upgrade, not a replacement".I put her behind me, it took me longer than I wish it had, but I finally admitted to myself that all her emotional abuse, hitting, lying, manipulation,all the shit she put me through, had nothing to do with me. It was her own damn problem, not mine anymore. I got into a great new job, moved, got counseling, feeling like a new man. I maintained the single life from March 2012 until September this year. The woman I found has been worth the wait, she's incredibly caring, intelligent, strong, funny, our life goals run close together and entwine nicely, and I've never been happier.TL;DR: Abuse is a reflection of the abuser, not the abused. It's incredible what learning to put your own needs first will do for you, and a person who makes you happy, really REALLY happy, is worth looking for.There's more I could tell, but I'm getting tired of typing.
It really didn't affect me much until this past year:I've had more frequent nightmares, flashbacks, more spacing out at work, a coworker jokingly "strangled" me, putting their hands around my neck and shaking me - I had a panic attack, I cry whenever I am intimate with someone or I get too intimate too quickly, it is never not on my mind. I have strange urges for sex constantly, but as soon as it happens in a relationship I feel that I am uninterested in that person. Certain people look like my abusers, I see hallucinations as I drive and sometimes feel like I've fallen asleep at the wheel. I drink, would smoke if I would not lose my job.. I have not sought help because I have never had such intense mental and emotional pain before now. I cannot sit through work without feeling depressed or panicked. I feel unsafe everywhere but my apartment. I cannot get myself to feel normal in any relationship. I feel like no one understands (although I know that's untrue). I feel like I am not even in control of myself or my body anymore.I don't know what to do - because having now talked about it, got it out, shouldn't it have helped?
I had a pretty shitty childhood (looking back I'm pretty sure I had anxiety and depression and serious suicidal periods) but my parents were the 'stop feeling sorry for yourself' types (also potential emotional abuse, still figuring that out...) so I shut myself up and was pretty isolated. I sucked at making real friends so I started making penpals when I was ~10 years old but my parents were pretty old so I never really got any online safety lessons past the 'don't meet up with strangers' and 'don't show your identity' basics.Unfortunately at some point I started meeting pedophiles (assuming, I never knew their real ages) pretending to be kids my age with photos, stories and webcam video to convince me, it wasn't until later that I learnt it was possible to stream a recorded video as webcam. I remember the first person who made friends with me and asked for nudes at around 11 made me feel like shit when I refused and refused to talk to me, as an adult it's a clear fuck off creep sign but as a kid I felt like it was my fault and I was already so isolated and lonely it was pretty devastating to lose a 'friend' so I actually took some pictures but don't remember if I ever sent them, I don't think I did though.My memory is kinda patchy after that but I met more people who did the same pretending to be my age thing and it turned into more sexual stuff, without *really* understanding what it was (we had 'sex ed' but it wasn't real information until we were 16, everything before that was minimal puberty information). It was around 12/13 when I was starting to think I was gay (homophobic and religious family/community) and tried to figure it out online by just talking to people but at some point or another it was what I now know as child porn. Because of my memory blanks I have no idea when it started or with who and if it was 'consensual' (considering I didn't really know what I was doing I'm guessing it's not) but it became a way of me feeling wanted even though I remember I felt sick and disgusted afterwards. Looking back it's not that surprising, I was completely isolated at home, I hated school, I was forced into sports I didn't enjoy, had zero real friends and completely hated myself.I think I was 13 when I met this one person who recorded my webcam footage and started blackmailing me which is where stuff got scary for me and I wanted to get help. Before that I guess I'd had the illusion of some control but this guy (posing as a young girl my age) started forcing me into coming back and doing all sorts I didn't want to do because they had video of me and threatened to share it. They didn't have my real name but my face was in it by accident (I'd been careful about hiding my face) and it was horrible. I couldn't tell my parents because I knew they'd be angry and blame me and I couldn't tell the police because I was terrified of them turning up at our house and my parents finding out. After tonnes of begging they eventually told me they couldn't delete the video even if they wanted to because they apparently had too many files, it makes me feel sick thinking about it and I really wish there'd been a way to anonymously report them to get them in jail but I intentionally locked myself out of those accounts years ago.I guess my self destructive side got worse at this point (13/14) because I was at the lowest I could be and I started more of those types of 'relationships' with a couple other people who were open about being adults (bearing in mind I never lied about my own age). I felt like I stopped caring about my self worth which was already pretty much nonexistent because of everything else going on leading up to it and the only thing that could make me feel slightly better in any way was going on webcam with these people and getting some form of validation/appreciation from them. I don't remember exactly how many people there were over the years but I pretty much stopped by 16, bar one who kept up until 17/18 but far less often.It's only really now that I'm starting to accept that this all seriously affected me and I want to work through it and get help but I'm struggling to find a way to talk about it because I've felt so guilty about it all these years and felt so alone about the experience. I *know* I'm not alone because the chatrooms I met those pedophiles in were also full of other very real kids but I've barely found any information about it and it's only very recently that I've started to accept it as some form of abuse after finding something similar on 'thinkuknow.co.uk''. The problem is that I don't want to overstep into sexual abuse discussions because I'm still struggling with accepting that it was 'real' because it wasn't in person but I know it definitely fucked me up emotionally/mentally. I do have a therapist but I've been avoiding any discussions about sex so far or shrugging it off with a joke (she's probably noticed) because I'm so scared of a bad reaction or that opening up is going to make it far worse? I've suppressed it for so long that I don't get very visibly upset but thinking about this stuff leaves me feeling heavy and shit and almost like I could throw up for days so I'm terrified that it's so much worse that I thought.Have any of you had similar experiences? Any suggestions on how to build up the courage to talk to my therapist about it? I think I still blame myself which is why I might be struggling so much but maybe it's normal. I just want to get through this and move on because I'm tired of feeling held back by my childhood and I'm pretty sure this is a big part of that. Sorry if this is in the wrong subreddit, I searched for ages and this seemed the most appropriate place to put it.
growing up, i'm pretty sure my best friend was a narcissist, or maybe even a sociopath. she didn't take well to criticism, she was always in charge, she always made sure i kind of knew my place. She would make an activity out of verbally ripping apart my outfits with our friends, got the other girls to "playfully" slap my boobs and joked that they were too big to be real or that i was stuffing (i was a C by sixth grade, and bloomed early, which i think she was jealous of), always commented negatively on my figure even tough i was much thinner than she was to begin with. she'd always act like she was helping me, or that when she'd say those mean things she was really complimenting me. She would get very passive aggressively angry whenever i tried to make other friends outside of the friends we shared, and even angrier when i got close to her other best friend. That possessiveness ultimately ended our friendship. I started spending time with a guy, who was a very very good friend of mine and who i also had a big crush on, and she decided i didn't care about her at all anymore and didn't want to be my friend. Her humor was very sexual. It definitely wasn't age appropriate. her parents didn't screen things well so she knew about sex before anyone else did and was really fascinated by kinky, violent, romanticized-domestic-abuse kind of media. that being said, it was common place for her to straddle people as a joke, to grab people's asses in our friend group, stuff like that. I was very modest, very catholic, and very averse to being touched, and she knew this. I was the "prude" of the group. There was one time where i was lying down, and she was on top of me. we were with all of our other friends. this wasn't out of the ordinary. but then, she straddled my thighs, right below the hips so i couldn't move my legs. she noticed that my nipples were poking through my shirt and bugged me about not wearing a bra. it was sixth grade, and having breasts was new and embarrassing to me, so i refused, until shortly after this incident, to buy anything to cover them other than a cami. she started commenting jokingly about how big they were, and was telling me i should wear a bra. she lifted up my shirt, which i sort of protested. I was laughing, maybe more awkwardly than anything else, and i told her to cut it out. she started to squish my boobs and continued to joke about how large they were. nothing under the clothes, but it was a lot. and it was in front of friends. it was honestly kind of rough. I remember laughing along but i didn't think it was funny. i did think it was normal and she was just being funny though. this came up in conversation with my current best friend, and he said "you know that's assault right?" I'm honestly still not sure. I try to be an advocate for women's right, and I've spent so much time being well versed in what consent is and what assault is and when to speak up, when to tell people that something that's going on isn't right. I've had friends that were raped and I have made myself into an ally for people who are threatened by rape culture and the sexual sense of entitlement that some people wrongfully carry. With all this Donald Trump sexual assault stuff surfacing, I feel sick. After realizing that I myself was immersed in very obvious rape culture and humor between me and my old friends, I feel as if I can't confidently speak out against society's flaws as it pertains to violating the bodies of women (and men of course). It feels like a part of myself that was so good and so confident is lost. Of course I still believe that no means no, but a part of my mind just wants to shove things under the rug and protect my friend. It makes me feel like such a hypocrite. is there any way to feel better about this?
I am 24 and recently came to terms I was sexually abused by my grandfather, I confronted him but still deal with flashbacks daily. I can get triggered by almost anything; sound, taste, touch....I have three kids and an extra full plate (I help my husband run a business) I can't get better alone and my husband is already starting to give up on me bc of how often I get triggered! I just want to be happy and move on...anyone know of cheap or free group therapy? Anything? I need help!
Recently, was in a toxic relationship. Now I'm trying to understand my past. My exSO had a very abusive past and it left him with a lot of issues. My own abusive past I've never came to grips with crept up and now I feel lost in it.After researching abuse I realized that I had an abusive childhood. I'm not sure how strange that sounds but as a child I was put through a lot of stress and abuse. My mom was a young mother with anger issues. Growing up I remember being constantly told by her that I reminder her of my father. Whom at the time cause her great pain. My father and mother married when I was 2 and it lasted for maybe a year. I remember her crying and screaming on the phone with him. Honestly, I don't remember how often it happened but I son't remember many good memories with my mother. She always had little patience for me. When I would get in trouble she wouldn't/ wasn't able to express why I was getting beat. I would try and run away from the beating and she often would corner me in her closet and beat my back. She continued to tell me in a negative way that I reminded her of my father till I was about 13. She would threaten me and tell me she would send me to my fathers if I didn't follow her orders. I didn't want to live with my dad although, he didn't really seem like to much of a bad guy.She would also do almost everything for me. Like I said she lacked patience. I have a memory of her smacking me one day when we were trying to leave for church. I couldn't clasp my shoes and she was leaving out the door. When I still hadn't come out of the house she came in and smacked me. Dragged me out of the house and into the car. I remember her grabbing me by my arms. She continued to corner me in closets until I was 14 and I pushed her back. I think that was a sobering moment for her. My sister was 5 years younger and never experienced the treatment I experienced. Mom seemingly loved her unconditionally. She was a well tempered child although I would consider myself also well tempered. I just lied to her a lot. When I was young I would seemingly "obsess" over things. She hated this. If she saw me doing something too much she would put a stop to it. I believe that's why it's so hard for me to follow through on things now. I get scared that I am being to obsessive.When I was younger I hated myself because of my mother. I would take needles and stab myself with them in my hands and other sensitive areas. I would talk to myself about how horrible I was for hours just crying in my room. I wanted my mom to like me so I would tell her I was happy and forgive her every time after she would do something. I would talk to her all the time and fill her with all the "positive" aspects of my life. I withheld anything that was emotionally close to me.At one point something outside of my family hurt me. At 14 a guy who I was close to told me he couldn't date me because he wasn't allowed to date black girls. This was the most painful thing I could have ever experienced during that time. I told my mom and she wasn't able to understand my pain. She just coldly expressed that I shouldn't obsess over boys. I was always obsessed with something to her.Although, I do have obsessive habits now. I often try and stop them. Or I experience anxiety over being obsessive. I also still have the habit of "lying" to cover up my own pain. Although, I am better at pointing out I am in pain. I still don't understand my emotions very well.I still battle with whether this was abuse. I feel like I've blocked out a lot of my childhood. I also feel like my relationship with my mom is semi better now that I no longer see her everyday or live close. I don't know, guys. Needed to vent and not sure where else to post.
I don't think I have been "public" about the abuse I have experienced in my life other than partially to my wife.  I going to put into words everything I remember.  It will be a wall of text.My youngest memories indicate that at one point my father and I were best friends.  We spent time together constantly hiking, camping, hanging out.  We were members of the local Disciples of Christ church.  My mother was a Sunday school teacher, my dad was possible an elder/deacon.  He grew up in this denomination so he was well versed and well respected.  The “Reverend” lived on street over from us and was a family friend.  Between my dad and the “Reverend” I had two "heroes" that I was determined to become when I grew up.  Then something changed.I have very vague memories of something happening in the basement of the “Reverend’s” basement.  When my parents discuss why we left that church they claim the church had taken up holding séances in the basement of the “Reverend’s” home.  I keep having memories of a green hand grabbing me as I sat at a round table with other kids from the neighborhood, then me running like hell up the stairs, out of the house, and all the way home.  However, I also have vague memories of running all the way home with no clothes on and hiding in the bushes in front of my house until my parents found me.We were suddenly no longer going to that church, the “Reverend” was gone, his house was empty, and my Dad has acted like he wishes I was not alive ever since.  He has even told me on numerous occasions that he wished I had never been born.  The entire neighborhood changed.  People suddenly moved, lifelong family friends never spoke again, and I seemed to begin taking a great deal of abuse from the older kids in the neighborhood.All of the kids my age were very sexual.  My first time having PIV sex was at the age of 5 with a girl who was also 5.  We knew what we were doing.  Every younger kid in the neighborhood was involved at some point in some sort of sexual activity with each other.  As the years past the older kids would try and convince the younger kids to do things with them.  This generally led to heaps of abuse by bullying, intimidation, threats of violence, etc.  My parents made the amazing declaration one time that if I got in fight when I got home I would get it worse.  So I spent most of my life as a doormat as I had no friends and no support.My parents, especially my mother, took to beating me with a riding crop.  If I inhaled wrong I was taking a beating.  My sister drug me down the hall and give me 2nd and 3rd degree rug burns on my back and my mother punished me before taking me to the doctor.  I gained weight as I had nothing to do but hide my house and eat.  This led to more abuse, more bullying, on and on.  I became the dancing monkey for my sister and her friends.  I don’t know how young I was when they started pouring whiskey down my throat.  Giving me beers.  Oh it was so much fun.In eighth grade my parents took me a psychologist.  They came to the startling conclusion that I might be depressed.  On top of everything else, that to this day my parents refuse to acknowledge, in sixth grade I contracted Hepatitis A and almost died from it.  The theory has always been I touched a public toilet and didn’t wash my hands and that is how I got it.  Thinking back to the screwed up sexual life I have had, I don’t know if I buy that anymore.After a full round of ink blots, and tell me what this means to you, etc., etc., he made the heart lifting proclamation that my parents were assholes and were responsible for my problems.  My parents never went back.  They did allow me to go to a peer group meeting once a week.  Best thing ever.  I found my spine and support to fight back.  Within a week of them all telling me I need to find the biggest bully and pound him, I had beaten one jerk to a blood dripping pulp, and threatened the ring leader with a beating, which was supported by the principle.  There were approximately 3 weeks of school left then I would be off to high school.  My parents promptly decided they would pack me off to a very odd Tabernacle Baptist church run school.  I finally had friends, I was gaining respect, I was about to enter high school with people actually no fucking with me and it was all gone.  And what a fucked up school.  These are the collared shirt, hair above the ear, girls have to wear dresses, no makeup, sex is bad, and Superman is the devil type.  So, I started dipping, taking girls up to the football field during lunch, stealing, vandalizing things, etc.  One thing about Christian schools, it mostly the screw ups there.The “pastor” was a thief and put the school out of business after two years.  My parents relented and sent me back to public school.  Of course, I only 3 weeks of being a badass in eighth grade so I was back to being a target.  I played football and lifted weights so I was not an easy target, however.  I started fighting a lot, and targeting the guys who liked to bully people.  I was stood in direction opposition of the “popular” people I was supposed to be with since I was a football player.  I fought a lot and was well hated by large numbers of people.  But I also found sex.Over the next few years my parents did everything they could to fuck up my life.  Threw me out of the house but threatened to report my car as stolen when I left.  My mother’s favorite was waiting until the neighbors were coming home from work and throw my clothes and stuff in the yard yelling about what a piece of shit I was.  Told the police I was selling cocaine so they would follow me around and ruin any party/fun I tried to get into.  This went on until I met a guy whose cousin was a cop and we set everything straight.  My parents and my sister planned an elaborate hoax trip to catch me with my girlfriend so they could announce to the neighborhood what a pervert I was for having sex in the shower.I think these are the highlights.  As you can imagine every aspect of me is fucked up.  My sex life is fucked up even today.  What most would term normal sex feels uncomfortable to me.  I need “kinky” sex.  I crave sex as proof my wife loves me, but most times I immediately push her away after words.  She has her own abuse nightmares so we are a hot mess of fucked up sex.  No self-esteem.  No self-worth.    Other people’s success feels like a threat or insult to me.  Hard core imposter syndrome.  I love to insult people and put them "in their place."  I love to beat people down, and almost always feel bad for it.  It's like I have to challenge people on things we disagree on.  I am the fucking expert!  Once people tell me I am good at something I hate it and don't want to do it anymore.  On and on.  I don’t get along well with my oldest son.  He is 20.  And honestly, I think it’s because he had a normal life and doesn’t have the baggage and shit and it makes me insanely angry that he just has fun and doesn’t care what people think about him.  Success is being happy with his fiance’ and enjoying life.  Not money, not prestige, not all the shit my parents told me meant success while keeping me from every bit of it.  I tried to always be there for him, defended him when he needed it, probably a lot when he didn’t need it, because I refused to be my parents.  It worked and I think I’m jealous.  Not sure if I am done here or not… not a throwaway account, hope I don’t regret this.
TlDr, emotional/physical/sexual/mental abuse for 3 years, removed from it for 3 years now. Went through intense therapy, for the most part it helped but there's still one lingering issue left: I am still holding on to the raw rage & anger I feel over everything that transpired. For the most part it lies dormant, but every now and then it seeps up and fucks with me in ungodly ways, including a panic attack as I was trying to fall asleep last night. I don't want to hold on to this anger as it's the last thing left in me that bares her shitty name. I'm mad at what transpired for that time, the aftermath of her burying my name while I was in a hole trying to remember how to human, all the friends that left, all the ones I no longer trust because "I refuse to take sides" (bullshit, that translates to you think there's a chance I should have been abused).My question to you all: what ways have helped you let go of the anger? I'm open to all suggestions.
So, my mom is very bad when it comes to misunderstanding standing things. I will say something to her normal and she'll get angry at me saying " be nice to me" ill try to say i was talking normally , but she never believes me. Speaking about being disrespectful, my mom thinks that she can  treat me horribly for standing up for myself. when corrected her again she said "i now you said its out of courtesy" i said "yea" but she responded me with "then don't tell me its (sarcastically) out  of respect" i held my tongue, i had said that a week ago, nicely and tried to explain to my mom. She would scream at me when i corrected her and I'm worried someday I'm going to be hit.(abused).I am truly worried they will not go to therapy.I have given up and had been planning to get away as soon as possible. Im scared to call th police or a helpline because if i do it might increase the risk of danger in my house.I have been threatened before by both of my parents, so , I'm very scared.
For years i have asked myself who do i trust, and the answer was simple, no one. I was 6 years old when it started. I didn't even know what he was doing to me was wrong. He was my step father and i use to call him dad because i felt very close to him until he hurt me. He served in the army as a sniping expert, but i forgot the technical term of his ranking. This man was meant to protect our country, he fought for our freedom, rights, and safety. Only when he came back from war thats not what he did.He chose to hurt and abuse a 6 year old little girl who looked up to him as her protector. All the respect, love, and safety i felt for this man and around him was destroyed with 7 words "do you want to play a game?". I am not going to go into detail about what he did because i feel as if i would break down physically and emotionally. The rape went on for 2 and a half years until him and my mother broke things off due to god knows what. I am now 16 years old and i feel as if my whole life has been taken over by this. I was diagnosed with PTSD and manic depression. I wake up most nights with the same nightmare that he is shooting me in the center of my chest because i reported him. I did report him to the police over a year ago and sadly the case is still open and i can not talk about that. i go to trial at the beginning of next year and i am terrified to see this mans face after so long. It is so hard to trust men including my own biological father because of the trauma i faced so young. I can not be left alone in a room with a man without getting a panic attack and crying. i took my science test in the nurses office because i was the last student and when left alone with my male science teacher i started to cry. Bless his sweet heart he tried to ask me what was wrong and console me but it only made it worse when he touched my shoulder so i bolted out of his room and went to the nurse where i finished the test after leveling my breathing. 4 months ago i met this amazing guy who is also my age. He lives kinda far from me but we make it work by talking every night to one another. He makes me feel safe and he makes the nightmares disappear. I have never met anyone like him and i never thought i would trust a man but i can tell he understand my pain. He says he loves me and i believe him. I am not sure what love is but i know every second of the day that is spent not with him and talking to him feels like and eternity of missing him. He is helping me try and move on from what happened in the past and is by my side the whole way through it. I have told him everything that has happened to me to the fullest of my memory. He is the first person outside of my immediate family and the law that knows what happened and i think it is safe to say i am starting to trust him little by little. The problem is that i feel trapped. I am trapped in my head constantly feeling like i dont matter to anyone but my boyfriend. I feel as if my abuser has control over my mind and body and i feel like he will always have control over me. My body trembles right now as i write this because in the back of my mind a little voice is screaming "NO DONT WRITE THIS HE WILL KILL YOU STUPID!" but i am writing this hoping it might help me feel better.  This is my first post and i dont know what to say but i think i have said it all. Thank you
I have recently gone into therapy. This is not only to deal with the abuses of my childhood, but the abusive relationship I found myself in for nearly 10 years (which started at the age of 16). I have opened up about some of the abuses over these past two months, but mostly just scratched the surface.Before therapy I had a habit of shutting it all down for two, and if I was lucky, three weeks at a time. I would always loose control and fall into a depression where I couldn't move or talk to people, or out bursts of panic attacks, or flashbacks that throw me into spirals. But those pits would last a week or two and then I would shove it all away again. I had a system. As bad as those down falls were, I knew I would have a week or two of being happy and detached from the pain. Since I started therapy all of the negative thoughts and painful memories are hovering just below the surface all of the time. I can't deny all this emotion because something always comes up every week in therapy. I feel like I'm going to break and it's terrifying. I went from reliable stretches of living my life to a constant buzz of pain. I told my therapist and she reminded me that I haven't let myself feel this in a long time and that will get worse before it gets better. I am in the process of building a new life; new career, friends, healthy new relationship...what if I loose it all when it gets worse. I'm a fucking wreck and I'm almost thinking the way it was before would be better. I know the road to recovery is hard. I never expected it to be easy. But how much worse will it get? How much more pain until happiness? I really don't know if I can do this journey. Maybe I'm just not strong enough.UPDATE: So, my anxiety about the journey ahead of me took the best of me and I panicked the morning of my next appointment following this post on the 30th. I immediately regretted it. I was in quite a state and could have used my therapist more then ever in that moment. I knew I wanted to come back fresh, so I consulted in my friends. Something that is terribly hard for me, as I feel like a burden to lean on others still. I grew my confidence back up and saw her the Friday that week. Since then I have been going weekly. Thank you for all the encouragement and honesty. I know it's a longer road then I would like, and I do want to get through it. These threads have been a nice addition to the places I can vent about these things, and I appreciate you guys. 
This is kind of a pointless post but idk. I feel SO much better.It happened 7 years ago, when I was 13, by a peer of mine. I haven't told anyone besides my ex boyfriend who I dated for 5 of the last 7 years. I started therapy after I started having flashbacks to the abuse after my most recent ex and I broke up. She asked a lot of questions though and I had a few other issues, and I was kind of able to avoid talking about it. This was our eighth or ninth session, and I finally talked about it. I feel like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders.It was abuse. I'm not crazy. It's not my fault. It's okay. I will be okay.
This might get pretty long but it's hard to talk about. I'll just kinda start from the beginning and go from there.So, to start, my dad was married to someone before my mom, had a son with her, divorced and later married my biological mom. My half brother stayed with his mom and I have another brother from the same mother. I usually separate things by mother figures. My mom was around from when I was born to around 7 years old. My brother is a year and a half younger than me. My dad was in the military so I was born overseas while my brother was born in the states. I don't remember a lot from that time. I remember that she always had red dyed hair and she was always on the computer. I had to take care of my brother because she was a stay at home mom (military wife and all) but she spent all her time on the computer.We ate a lot of cereal, cold hot dogs, and bologna and cheese rolls (exactly as it sounds) because when you can barely reach the counter, you don't have a lot of options. My mom never remembered to feed us during the day. She stayed on the computer and didn't feed us until dinner when my dad came home. I'm not sure if dad realized this because he worked long days and I don't know for sure if we said anything. He knew we ate that stuff, but I don't know if he knew that's ALL we ate. Or maybe they're false memories. I don't have anyone I can ask. We don't talk to her, my dad and my brother wouldn't remember. In any case, they still divorced but it wasn't because of her ignoring us. It was because she left a lot to continue her affairs. That's why she was on the computer so much. She had enough sense not to leave us home alone, but she continued cheating on my dad.I don't know how he found out, but I do know they divorced and she moved out. She had partial custody of us for a year or so with my dad as primary caregiver before she signed us away and we have never seen or spoken to her since. Maybe I've gotten a card or two over the years, but no real contact.It was just us for a little while, before dad was medically discharged from the military. Slipped disk. I vaguely remember he dated a Hispanic woman but not for long. Years later, dad told me she had a major drinking problem and would yell at him to hit her. He broke his hand once punching a cabinet instead because he was so angry but he wasn't going to hit her.Then he started dating China. Not her real name, but she apparently hated the Chinese so I feel better calling her China. She was in Georgia and I think the sister of an old military buddy of my dad's. She had two children. An adult daughter who was married to a coke addict (that's where I learned about the long pinky nail) and they had a child. I don't remember seeing much of her. She also had a son who was in 6th grade when I was in 3rd and my brother was in 1st. We'll call him Carl. Now, the daughter obviously didn't live with us so it was my dad, China, Carl, my brother, and myself. I'm not sure why, but China *hated* me. I don't know if it was the whole other female in the house thing or what, but she hated me. And that wasn't some, oh she just doesn't understand me. She yelled at me, berated me, grounded me for weeks at a time, punished me severely for things when the boys could do the same and just get told off. I hated being grounded. I wasn't made to study or told no friends and no leaving the house because we didn't leave the house. I had to sit in a room, sometimes without the light on, all day until my dad came home at 7 or 8 at night. When we first moved there, I was finishing 3rd grade. Carl failed 6th grade that year, so the next year we were all homeschooled. This meant I never left the house. Sometimes I couldn't even go outside into the yard. I wasn't allowed to go to a neighbor's house to hang out with their daughter soon after 3rd grade ended.We visited Cherokee reservations fairly often and once, I was grounded the whole time. I had to sit in a tent all day. I got to listen to my brother and Carl playing in the river, but I was zipped up in a tent, alone except when we visited the shops. Then I was told to stay right next to her and my dad. But, honestly, I didn't mind being grounded in comparison. I used that time to play 'pretend games' which, now I recognize as a way to mentally escape from it all. I had friends in my mind. People liked me. Things weren't this bad. It did get worse though. I was home alone with China all day because she didn't work. She had leukemia (I think she's passed on now) so she didn't leave the house either.Everything that went wrong was my fault. I know I didn't do most of those things, but it didn't matter. She liked Carl and my brother. Most of my days started with being yelled at for something, doing my school work, and being told to wait in my room, grounded style. Being grounded itself wasn't so bad. But I knew what was coming. I knew that when I was sent to the room to 'wait for dad' that I was going to get the belt. Or something else.When my dad would come home from work (at a cable place), she would tell dad I did something wrong and tell him to punish me. What hurt a lot though was that he never asked. He just sighed and told me to get the belt. He'd hit me with it. Usually just the butt. I remember one time, my dad was home really late, after I went to bed. They called me out and I was just in my nightgown. And remember, this was 4th grade. I was maybe 9 or 10. I didn't have anything more than my undies and a thin nightgown. Dad made me lay down on the ground and he hit me with that belt all the way up my back. There was so little protection and it hurt so much. Dad could get creative too though. Two things I remember are Private (not as bad as it sounds) and the chair. Private was more military based. Dad would tell me I was his Private and he'd tell me to do things. Stupid things. "Go into that room. Did I tell you to turn that light on? No. Turn it back off. You don't do anything unless I tell you to." Mostly that one was just yelling and feeling like I couldn't do anything right. The chair was an exercise thing. It's where you put your back to the wall and slide down so it looks like you're sitting in an invisible chair with your arms straight out on invisible armrests. It doesn't sound bad, but go try it. If you can make it past 5 minutes, you're strong as hell. Once, they made me do it for a solid 30 minutes. I sweat through my clothes while they sat there and watched. When the sweat got too bad, they told me to just take my shirt off. I was always scrawny and didn't develop at all until many years later, but it was humiliating. My brother and Carl wandered though sometimes. Carl laughed. I don't think my brother understood.Aside from that, living there was always hell. Carl loved to hide and jump out at me. I'd use the bathroom and he'd jump out. It was a near constant thing. It happened every day, usually several times. He was an asshole who could do no wrong in his mother's eyes. My brother could get in trouble, not as bad as me, but he'd get grounded. He might have gotten the belt a couple of times. Usually I took the blame for things he did. I really didn't want him to get it as bad as me. Thankfully, he doesn't remember it. Any of it. Not what dad and China did, nothing. I'm so grateful for that. It makes it all worth it for him to not have those memories.My dad didn't sack up and leave her until we'd been there for about two years. We sat in the car and talked about everything that happened. We talked about China and Carl. We didn't acknowledge what dad did. Everything we said, he acted like it was news to him and he promised to leave her. Which he did. We lost a lot there; baby pictures, my childhood bear, games, but we were out. We lived with my grandparents for a little while before my dad met my stepmom online and they started dating.We moved in with her later that year, moving from Georgia to Ohio. We were so excited. Tracy seemed to like us. She was so much nicer. But she wasn't perfect. After they got married she started to yell at us more and more. She liked my brother more than me, also not sure why. Probably because he was a cute kid. I would get yelled at a lot, like if I didn't remember to do things like clean the litter box or rinse out my cereal bowl. She slapped me once. The second time she tried, I grabbed her wrist and she never tried again. She gets mad at me for things a lot. I usually disappoint her. Dad didn't hit me anymore. Maybe it wasn't perfect, but it was better than before. She loves to guilt trip me. I don't live there so it's not so bad anymore. But I don't think I'll ever truly get over any of it. Dad never talks about what happened. He wants to be my friend, so does Tracy, but I can't. I pretend, but I can't forget all those years. I've hated myself for years because of everything but sometimes I wonder if I imagined it all. Maybe things weren't that bad and I was just moody and blowing it out of proportion. It's hard to gauge because it's never been mentioned again.I'm 26 now and getting married to someone who is the opposite of my family. I don't have to earn his love. I don't have to hope I don't say the wrong thing to get in trouble. He doesn't yell at me. We discuss things when we argue. His family is just like them. I still can't believe how lucky I am. But there's just so much to get past. I'm sorry for ranting. There's just not many people I can talk to beside my best friend and fiance about it, so if you read this, thank you. 
After ending things in April, and moving out in June, this weekend I went back to the city where we used live and stayed in her house where all my best friends live. I've been planning to see them for ages, I've really missed the whole gang and have felt pretty alone on the other side of the country. However my ex had said I'm not allowed in the house and has given my friends some grief over plans to see me. This weekend we just fucking did it, I said I was coming, she decided to abandon ship for the weekend and go stay somewhere else, so I came and had a great time with my mates. She doesn't control my life anymore. She doesn't control who I see anymore. I don't have to obey her! 
Things do endlessly repeat themselves. It turns out every single woman I've been in a relationship with has been sexually abused or assaulted and it has a big negative impact on the intimate relationship. I, too, was molested as a child and have had my share of date rape and sexual harassment experiences, though not years of abuse and not violent assault. What happens is this: first, we are passionately involved, then my partner's abuse or sexual assault history makes intimacy difficult, then I feel rejected, then we have relationship problems. All this stuff with Trump has been eye-opening because I've realized that all of us have been abused, assaulted, or harassed and my partner has had memories surface that make them stop having sex with me. And then I feel rejected and shut down. Here we are again. Anyone have an approach to work through this without becoming alienated?
So ever since i started correcting my parents on pronouns and my name, they always scream at me saying "your a girl" and "you don't have a choice until your 18. Once i told her thats the name i want her to call me, its out of respectfulness and she snapped back with. "You should take your own advice". I am going to be braver and do everything to show I'm not giving up (going into the male restroom , correcting my parents no matter what happens)
Background: we were together for two and a half years before he moved out of state and we broke up. Beginning of our relationship was fine. He had a family tragedy that I helped him through early on, so I formed an instant connection with him (if that makes any sense). I thought he was the love of my life and I didn't want things to end because I was so sure of that feeling. But if that feeling wasn't true, how could I trust my feelings?After about 6 months, his paranoia started. He would get extremely jealous of any contact I had with any males (he was even jealous of my gay roommate at one point) and break up with me. Then he would immediately apologize and blame his paranoia on a food allergy. I took him back each time because I just thought that this was the "growing pains" stage of our relationship. The rest of our relationship got worse. He called me names when we fought. He would throw things or punch holes in walls. I caught him twice flirting with another girl via text and both times he told me I was crazy. Then he later admitted to cheating on me with said girl. His reason? He said that I lost myself as a woman. If I ever showed I was hurt by something he said to me, his response was always, "you're just being emotional because you used to be in theatre. You're just acting." He alienated me from my friends and made me change everything about myself. I stopped dying my hair because of him. He told me I couldn't wear yoga pants to class (even though, let's admit, they're damn comfy. Especially when you're walking all over campus and sitting in class).He moved out of state and we broke up. We kept talking for a year until I met my current boyfriend. I was already getting fed up with my ex's calls and texts and was about ready to cut off contact. Finding my current boyfriend gave me the strength to do it. Now my ex is back in town (I ignored a text from him asking if I knew anyone looking for a roommate). I have anxiety when I leave my house that I'm going to run into him. So I was thinking about meeting up with him. Letting him know that I acknowledge that he's here, but that I have no interest in ever striking up a friendship. And that if we run into each other, I don't want to talk to him. Is this a terrible idea? I've completely cut him out of my life, but I still can't seem to shake this feeling that I own him something. I'm drawn to him, but not in a romantic way. I have zero interest in ever rekindling anything with him, but I still can't seem to move on. Any advise would be greatly appreciated.
Quite a story I put together, your patience is appreciated. And I apologize in advance if my story is upsetting/triggering for you. https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B0mrTAy3PMlEM3BkLVFqVW5tbmc
Growing up homework was stressful for all the usual reasons but it also became a battle ground. Not learning fast enough resulted in screaming and intense name calling that pretty much alway ended in tears. I just assumed I was stupid and it was re-enforced. As I got older and more independent with homework my home environment got more violent and crazy. My first year of actual exams I was trying to study while my parents screamed at each other. I repeatedly begged for quiet. Then they started fist fighting on the stairs. My sister begged me to stop it. So I got in the middle of their bullshit again. It kept escalating till I needed to escape. Calling the police in the early 90s reporting domestic violence where the woman was the aggressor was pretty much useless, they often didn't show up. I escaped by crawling out on to the roof of the addition on our house. Then crawling down to the lowest point on the roof and jumping to the ground. I couldn't convince my sister to jump off the roof. So I left used a payphone and called my best friend who's place I'd crash when things got bad. Once there I called my aunt to tell her my sister was stuck in the house with my fighting parents. My aunt was an hour away but said she'd go. I called the house but no one answered of course. Finally time to study right? Nope. I couldn't stop thinking/crying about my sister. I kept my eye on the clock and counted down the hour. At the top of the hour I started calling the house. No one answered. I kept calling. Almost non stop for a few hours till my dad picked up. My mom had gone to jail for threatening my dad and sister with a knife. I could hear my sister crying in the background. Needless to say I got zero studying done that evening. I was up most of the night and a reck by exam time. My mom got out on bail. Quit drinking but became a terrible dry drunk, as they say, and kept up her same pattern of making me feel as stupid as possible at all times. She just needed to be superior to me. All the time. I grew up with her critiquing my art for its lack of realism. Can you imagine telling a 5 year old they can't draw a sunset like that? She kept it up till I stopped drawing. Less to criticize. Things only got worse as time went on. I was expected to get good grades but received zero help in doing so and had been so emotionally beat down over the year I had accepted my "stupidity". Fast forward to today. When I'm trying to learn I'm also so accustom to being afraid that I get anxiety attacks and try and study as fast as possible before something bad happens. I try and learn as fast as possible so no one calls me dumb. I try and learn fast so no one hits me up side the head repeatedly. I've had to learn that you need trial and error. That making mistakes then fixing them is normal. Not worth belittling a child till they started to casually talk about suicide before age ten. Enough that I was pulled out of class du to disturbing drawings.  I need to give my self permission to not be perfect. I kicked my bathing in diluted bleach habit. Hopefully my fear of learning is next. just needed to get that all off my chest. 
I am an adult survivor of childhood sexual, physical, and emotional abuse. I just co-authored a book called "What We're Afraid to Ask." In WWAA, I ask 365 tough questions about child abuse. Every single question is answered by a preacher and a counselor so that the reader gets both a spiritual and psychological perspective to the questions. 
I don't necessarily mean like a face to face confrontation. In my instance, I want to write a letter to my aunt whose husband abused me for years.    Obligatory background: Abuse surfaced, mom made me tell aunt. She said she believed me and I never saw her again. She stayed married to him and become an alcoholic. Never went to trial due to my choice. 17 year old me would've been crucified.     My mother mentioned recently that she doesn't think they realize how close he came. This has been festering within me since.    I need it to be known that I fucking saved his ass. It wasn't that the police didn't find me credible. It wasn't that there wasn't evidence. It wasn't because it wasn't true. Its because I made a stupid mistake!    That 2 million dollar house (not exaggerating) they get to sleep in? Thank me for still having it. The fancy cars you drive? Thank me! I'm teetering homelessness and everything is just boiling over. Like its going to spew out of me.      This post is pretty emotional but I want to write a calm and concise letter. I think that will have greater impact. I feel like I have to do it but I'm wary. I need to stop being scared of these people.    TL;DR: Has anyone ever confronted someone related to trauma? Was it worth it to you?
I always hear stories about what happened to others in terms of abusive relationships, so I always had those kinds of “benchmark” or “normal” mental images of what it looked like. People discuss being threatened or having someone menacing controlling them. They talk about being physically forced to act in certain ways or being degraded by partners or other significant people in their lives. They were afraid, often times.My story isn’t anything like that -- to a point where, almost eight months after it ended -- I only just started acknowledging it the other day. Sure, I’d been open about the emotional aspect. He was emotionally distant when he felt like it, often saying he needed a break or going days without contacting me. When something he did or said upset me, he would blame it on being a “bad person” or a “bad boyfriend” and become upset. I would set aside my feelings to comfort him, to assure him he wasn’t “bad” or “evil” or “cruel”, that he was worthy of love and compassion. Even after it ended, he knew the things to do or say to keep me around if he was feeling lonely.But there were aspects I never told; I was too ashamed.When people discuss sexual abuse, it sounds like they fought back, or at least were upset. And how could it be enjoyable if it was unwanted?It didn’t happen all the time but it wasn’t uncommon. It’d be late or we’d be drunk. He’d start by asking, to which I would say no, and it turned to pleading. If I still said no, he’d change tactics and ask or perform small actions, gradually building up. Eventually I’d agree. It wasn’t painful; it wasn’t physically negative feeling. So it never felt like it counted. It didn’t feel valid. I hadn’t fought back or stood my ground, and he never threatened or hurt me.It wasn’t until I did decide to tell close friends about it that I received validation that it was “bad enough” or still traumatic or still abusive. They were apologetic and supportive. The next step is to tell my new therapist but it’s one thing to open up to good friends and another to open up to someone I’ve only met once or twice. I don’t know what to do to get better but I’m always hearing we have to acknowledge the pain and difficulties in order to overcome them. It still feels weird to me.I'm not sure where I'm going with this, it's just new to be more open about it.
Hi Everyone, this is another piece of my memoir I am working on. It is very difficult to write as it brings up so much sadness but I am working on it a piece at a time. Thank you so much for reading:Crippling AnxietyAnxiety is a term that is thrown around so much to the point where it now equates to a sort of air subtle distress, possibly a result of lacking stress management. Hearing people in cafes discussing their “anxiety” and “depression” as if it’s something trendy can really make a person who suffers from it daily cringe in shame. If experiencing mild to moderate feelings of being overwhelmed and “having to take a breather” is the extent of anxiety, I would gladly trade the choking and suffocating as my legs give way for the hip version that seems to be very accommodating to the person. Anxiety as a switch you can just turn off and on? That’s incredibles sign me up.Anxiety that eats away at your functionality is the scary man in the dark cloak who keeps following you even when you beg him to stop. It’s the whisper in your mind that is so good at getting louder and louder, a wicked mantra of “you’re not doing to survive this” or “you will die.” Growing up with parents who were convinced they were going to be either homeless or dead at every minute of the day yet punished me for having anxiety was a very anxious setup. My mind had convinced itself that somehow, in someway, I was going to die and that made me constantly anxious. It didn’t matter if it was regarding the abuse I suffered, or suicide claiming my life for its own, but somehow I was not going to make it. I never felt safe in my home. Home was terrifying. The fainting, the vomiting, the choking in my throat and suffocation in my chest were constant reminders that this was a dangerous place. The worst part of it is that as an adult, well after leaving my family behind, that scary man in his cloak followed me. And he was even more terrifying.One of the worst side effects however of Anxiety (and I capitalize on purpose) is not being able to function freely in the world. You wish you had the strength and courage to just shove some clothes in a backpack and travel 6 different countries at once. You desire so badly to be able to love fully and fearlessly, whether it’s with friends or a lover. You wish you could do something as standard and expected as holding a full time job and being fairly decent at it. As you listen to friends’ stories of the amazing accomplishments they have done, whether it was a new job, new home, got married, had kids, created something fabulous for work, had a great presentation, held a conference, that scary man in the cloak gets scarier and whispers in your ear that if you try to do anything like this, you are somehow going to die. Doing anything remotely new or challenging or spontaneous equates to a death sentence. It makes no sense. But everybody knows that mental illness makes no logical sense. What’s important to realize though is that just being able to accomplish and do anything for the prisoner of Anxiety is an achievement. It is an accomplishment worth noting. If someone is terrified of the world, people, or themselves, being able to reach a goal however small or large means you have looked the beast in the face. You have stood shaking and trembling unable to breathe in front of it and with a tiny, quivering voice you told that beast “get away from me today… I can do this.” Because Anxiety doesn’t allow you to be kind or forgive yourself. In my mid 20s I was working as a substitute teacher for a short period of time and I was convinced logically I could do this. But Anxiety’s hideously shrill, hissing voice kept telling me no because somehow I was going to fail and if I was going to fail I was going to die. So I put off getting the license and accepting jobs for months after I decided I wanted to try it. After slowly but surely getting the bureaucratic stuff out of the way. I had finally accepted my first gig and it was very difficult. Middle school children are quite nasty when insecure (as all humans are, let’s be honest) and the majority of the day was me dealing with behavioral issues instead of any type of academic work. I had a good cry in my car, validated the experience the best I could, and waited for the next day where I would be doing elementary school. I figured my experience being a speech coach all those years with high school students made me tough yet likeable. I had gotten across to hundreds, probably over a thousand, high schoolers. I would be able to do this.The entire car ride there, that damn hiss came from the darkness of Anxiety. I was nauseous the whole way, even after taking anti-anxiety medication. When I got there I was given papers, folders, and a lot of instructions on the school and how the layout of the day was going.You’re not going to survive thisThe incredibly kind staff woman told me some surprising information that I didn’t know (obviously being a sub) such as what grades I was actually teaching, and the extra responsibilities I didn’t know about until I got there. She talked me through every single form, attendance sheet, hot lunch list, emergency exit map sheet, and anything else she could do in a short amount of time.You’re going to die here, you can’t do thisI kept repeating myself asking for clarification as to how certain things worked in elementary school as I had never taught in one before. What I was trying to do was shut up and kill the shrill, horrible voice with clarification and understanding. I kept telling myself “many people have done this job, why can’t I?” And so I walk to the classroom, unlock it, and go inside.You idiot, can’t you see you can’t do this? You don’t remember what she said…As I looked through all the lessons the permanent teacher had left me, a flight or fight response began. I had already taken an anti-anxiety medication before getting there and did not want to take another one, on account of perhaps making me too drowsy or passing out in front of the kids. I have to clarify though that there is a common misconception that by taking a mental health pill you suddenly have the confidence and strength of a celebrity doing humanitarian work. Those pills do not make the horrible, shrill voices go away. Now back to the story.You can’t do this. You didn’t plan for this. You can’t handle this.While trying to simultaneously control my attack and prep for the day in any way I could, my legs gave way. I fell to the ground and began shaking and sobbing quietly. It’s as if I could see the man in the cloak laughing at me as I coward in fear at his ominous and debilitating presence. He won.You have to get out. Get out of here. You’re going to die.TANIA BREATHE YOU HAVE TO BREATHE YOU CAN DO THISYou cannot do this you have to get out of here now you’re going to dieOH MY GOD I HAVE TO BREATHE IT HURTS IT HURTS PLEASE GOD HELP MEIt was the same near-instinctual calling that was the best defense mechanism surviving my child abuse, but ruining my adult life. I ran to the office looking like a ghost and one of the kids waiting in line with his backpack asked me very sweetly if I was going to be the sub for the day. You should be ashamed of yourselfAnxiety has a friend and that friend is self-hatred. Both of them were bombarding my mind with a glass of wine and cheap laughs as they were pulverizing my self-esteem and self-forgiveness to the ground. I told the office there was a horrible emergency and had to leave. I know I must have looked awful because they gave me hugs, helped me catch my breath and wished me luck saying everything was going to be okay. They had a backup, nothing to worry about. You are so pathetic. You’re just as weak now as you are then. Maybe they were right about you.The drive coming home was a dangerous one. My mental enemies, especially Anxiety, prevent me from noticing the present moment most of the time. So as I drove past incredibly lush trees on one side and beautiful cliffs overlooking more forests on the other, I sobbed in my car as the Anxiety continued his conversation with Self-Hate.The rest of the day was filled with numbing. I watched a lot of stand up comedy and Youtube videos while periodically sobbing on the couch. I spoke about myself to my boyfriend the way my father spoke about me. Almost identical phrases in regards to my uselessness and weaknesses came spewing out like venom, weighing heavy in my boyfriend’s heart. He tried his best to convince me I wasn’t worthless and that me walking out on the job was what I needed to do to protect myself. There is no shame in that. He even told me he was proud of me. Anxiety and Self-Hatred felt incredibly offended.I lashed out at him for being proud of me. How dare he praise me for doing something so petty and weak? I abandoned those kids. Everyone else in the world seems to be working and making income and doing normal societal duties. Why can’t I? That’s all I could believe in that moment. I completely abandoned the truths on teachers melting down in front of their students or the fact that millions of Americans are severely depressed. I was the one in the spotlight while Anxiety and Self-Hatred pushed my boyfriend aside and continued to assault me. Their savage attacks left me exhausted and dull. I went from panic and fear to anger then numb. Throughout my Netflix craze, I could tell they weren’t done with me as their voices crept into my ears.So many people have done it, and you can’t. You are so weak and pathetic. Why does Chris even want you?You need to leave him. You’re no good for him. If you don’t work you could lose the apartment. It’s all your fault.Can’t even keep a job.Even just writing this is bringing up such awful feelings and memories. I have written so many to-do lists, so many self-care kits, as well as attempted life-changing habits that are definitely beneficial and healing. Anxiety is a very old enemy and prevents you from being able to stick to something positive and keep permanently as a regular part of your life. The crash and burn is intense
(Id originally posted this on lets not meet but was advised by the mods to post here instead.)Lets start off by explaining that I'm Canadian so our justice system works a bit differently from the US so some details here may be a touch confusing to US readers. Just let me know if theres something youd like clarified and I'll explain to the best of my ability.My father has basically always been a piece of shit human being. Both he and mom were troubled teenagers who got into some fucked up shit and got pregnant young. My arrival at only 18 and 19 made life really difficult for them but my mom got her head on straight and fixed her life for my sake, he drank and did drugs more to cope with the stress.They got married the year after I was born and a year after that my sister was born. I was too young to know what was really happening between them. It wasnt until years later I got the full story.He beat mom up all the time. She tried to leave several times but he was so good at manipulating and lying that he convinced her back each time.Until that day he hit her in front of  my 3 year old sister. Little Brittany ran too him and slapped his leg and screamed "Don't hit my mommy" to his 'credit' (i really dont know how else to put it) instead of becoming more violent as was his usual response he left for a few hours to calm down.Mom called the police to guard her while she packed our stuff and got us to Grandma's. She wasnt able to get full custody of us and so we saw him every other weekend and on holidays. I had no clue of what hed been doing to her and Brittany didnt remember the incident so it was all fine to us. Hed never hit us so mom grew  more comfortable and was okay with us seeing our dad.Then when I was 8 his girlfriend my step mom got pregnant. It was to be a little girl named Jessica. Jessica was a still born and he started drinking a lot again and doing drugs again. Losing the baby hurt us all and it took us a long time to recover.3 years later they had Charlie my half brother. Suddenly there were 4 children he had to be financially responsible for (myself, Brittany, our step sister and Charlie) and life went to complete shit.He started hitting us. Im the oldesr and very protective. If he tried to get to one of the kids i stepped in. So I always got it the worst. I tried everything within my power as an 11-13 year old kid to be the only one he'd hurt and to protect my siblings.I've  blocked a lot out but i clearly remember the time he came home drunk as a skunk and out of his mind on cocaine.I rushed my sisters and brother up the stairs to lock themselves in one of the bedrooms. I trailed behind sheparding them to safety when halfway  up the stairs he grabbed me by the hair dragged me downstairs into  the kitchen and held a knife to my throat screaming at me about how I was a fucking cunt  just like my mother.When I was 12 he snuck into the bed i was sleeping in and molested me. I didnt tell my mom because i knew how shed react. I wouldnt be able to go there anymore. And that wasnt an option to me because I had to be there to take care of my brother and sister. In my mind protecting them was infinitely more important than my own safety.The January before i turned 14 my step mother mom was found murdered in her home.The June of that year George was arrested and charged with first degree murder.The trial didnt start until 4 years later. The first time through an idiot news outlet reported something they were ordered not to and caused a mistrial.A new jury was brought in and within 2 months the trial ended and the jury took only 20 minutes to come back with a verdict of Guilty.There were over 1000 pieces of evidence including DNA and witness testimony.Its been 10 years since his arrest now and for the most part my family is okay. We struggled though and fought our way out of his shadow. Sadly I am not longer in contact with anyone related to me on that side with the expection of my brother and sisters.A couple years ago Georges oldest sister died. And i messaged my other aunt saying i was sorry to hear and to let me know if there was anything i could do.Her son messaged me telling me I was a horrible person and that I'd  turned my back on my father and that if i wasnt stupid id be able to see it was a false conviction. I cut off all contact to anyone on that side of my family then and there and havent looked back.He was sentenced to life which in Canada meabs 25 years. Minus time served and he's eliglble for parole in 5-10 years. I live in absolute terror of that day. I fear for myself and my husband and any children we may have by then. I fear for my mom and my siblings.  To him we are his god given property not people and Im scared to imagine what he may try to do to us should he ever find us.
Hey all.   I got out of an abusive situation 6 months ago, and I'm concerned that I'm beginning to show signs of PTSD or something similar.   I continue to have nightmares about the abuse, for example, or if I don't have nightmares I tend to wake up to my alarm extremely startled(the last few weeks it's been common for me to wake up punching the air or trying to push a non-existent person off).   There are times(like right now) that I can't stop thinking about the abuse, or about the times he sexually assaulted me(it's been especially bad since Friday, with the Trump Tapes thing). My blood runs cold and I just sort of feel stuck in these emotions, like I'm frozen.  Sometimes falling asleep it will feel like someone is suddenly on the bed, or lurking over me like he did when he began choking me.I'm partially writing this to get it off my chest somewhere, but I'm also wondering whether this sort of stuff should be ending soon?  Or do these sound like something more severe that I should be treating seriously?  Can anyone relate?   Honestly I'm embarrassed to directly bring up my concerns about PTSD to my therapist because these symptoms don't seem severe enough or the events weren't traumatic enough(especially the sexual assault; it was just one or two times and penetration of any kind didn't even occur, and I'm equally haunted by pretty tame stuff like just not feeling safe to say no and letting him do his thing).
When I was much younger (maybe 2 or 3) and dealing with physical and emotional abuse, I'd maintain my tenuous hold on reality through an escapist fantasy world. However, I truly believed this world was real. It helped me keep sane when the worst was happening to/around me.It's very much a kid's fantasy. I believed my parents were witches (any other adult who treated me badly was also a witch). My sister, who my parents encourage to verbally and physically abuse me, was a young witch in training. I believed that I was from another planet and that my people were desperately looking for me while I was being held hostage on this one. I'd comfort myself when things were bad with thoughts that I'd be leaving this planet soon and going back to my people, where I was one of the royal family's mentors. I'm not going to go into detail about the fantasy (I believed it for a long time and frequently had to fall back on it so it's very extensive for a child's mind) but I believed this probably until I was 10 or so. At that point I didn't believe in Santa Claus or the Tooth Fairy or the Easter Bunny or anything, but I staunchly believed that I was from another planet and I was due to be rescued from Earth.I was wondering if anyone else did something similar as a child? Curious to find out whether I was just particularly creative about my coping mechanisms or if this was/is normal.
I've been a lurker here on this sub for awhile, but have been a little unsure of making a post until now. I've always been taught to keep things secret and to not speak out against my abusers. I talked to my therapist today and asked her if we could start talking about the abuse. I'm tired of hiding it; I'm tired of pretending everything is ok, when it's destroying my happiness and my relationships. Coming out of the session, I felt happy, almost giddy. We talked about leaving what we talked about there, until I see her again and I've been trying to do some self care. So far it's been ok, though I've been a little irritable, here and there, but overall, I feel relieved. I don't really know what to make of it all- have any of you felt like this, coming out of talking about it? I guess I was expecting more irritability and anger, from it. In a weird way, this is kind of throwing me off.Thank you for being here and for listening.
So, this morning i had to deal with having a panic attack, I usually don't when I'm called my birth name but today i just broke. I emailed my consoler and hopefully will get to go home early and not have to deal with any  more stress I'm just worried  my mom will cause me to have another panic attack, because if i ask her if she can call dad to pick me up, since i can't walk home, she'll yell at me saying something like "your fine you don't need to go home" and "this is ridiculous" if my consoler tells her WHY i had the panic attack.I'm scared that someday I'm going to be hit for defending myself.
My mom found out i talked to my consoler and lectured me that i could be  taken away, and i should have told her that,  all that shit. THATS THE POINT I need to talk to someone, and tell them whats going on. The consoler isn much help, she said i should go see a therapist, thats it. I am still in the process of finding one, so thats not helping at all. i just don't know what to do, i have an escape plan but worry i should stay until at least 17  (next year) so  when i get to where i'm going i can finish up the last year of high school then look for a college. it'll be hard, my friends parents might not be able to get custody of me, but, they could offer to provide as a foster home.If you didn't know, to take the Greyhound bus service, you need to be at least 12 so you don't have to be accompanied by a adult or older guardian,ect.Since i'm 16 right now, i would have to sign a child slip. Unless i wait till the summer after i'm 17 with is next  year, I'm pretty much screwed.EVEN IF I SIGN ONE, they might need my parents name/number. I don't know what to do, I'm so close to the breaking point because no-one will believe me.
my mum raped me growing up and im over 30 now and i do a lot fof grindr and cl hook ups. last night i went to a hotel and the bloke doesn't look like his picture. i tried to leave. he didnt let me leave. he kept sayung if i left he' knew where i worked and he'd wait for me oiutside and kill me. i froze just like i used to and let him rape meim in total shock that this can haeve happened t o me now, i didn't go to work today, i didn't call in sick, i just ghosted on my entire days responsibilities and i think im going to kill myself tonight. i apologise for my typing, i've been drinking
So, i know, and was told that i should call and crisis helpline, I am worried that if i do my mom and scream at me.I said in my other posts I'm 16 now and i am hoping to get out asap! If my dad finds out he will yell at me and most likely threaten me. I don't feel safe in my own home, i hate the  people who  think I'm just being " a teenager"  I AM NOT. I AM DEPRESSED AND SUICIDAL BECAUSE OF THEM.My moms nice mostly but defends him. example on my birthday  i poked my dad and he hit me on the arm it hurt bad  but my  mom threaten  turn around because we where "fighting". I just am getting to the point where i have thoughts of suicide. I know not to do it i just keep going to those thoughts.Im thinking of running away and living with a friend in Pennsylvania ( he's  17) ( i live in another state , 4-5 hours away)  Or, if i live with my friend who's 18  right now,he can get legal custody of me.The friends who 17 (the one in Pennsylvania) could have custody of me in year, but its a hard choice. I'm going to take the grey hound bus to there and hopefully his parents, or him will get custody of me. Sorry if this is long, i don't know where to stop, so if  anyone has any suggestions/questions just ask.
     This is the most personal thing I’ve ever wrote down or admitted in my life.  When I was a young boy, my parents used to send my brother & me to an aunt & uncle’s apartment for weekends.  They could never have kids, and they adored us, they could be trusted and I’m sure that’s why they sent us there.  It also gave my parents the odd break I’m sure they needed.  Out of a dozen or so uncles in my family, I was left with the one that sexually abused me.  I remember always playing hide & seek with my uncle, where my brother was always the one hiding, while I was locked in the bathroom with my abusive uncle.  I can’t recall how many times this happened.  I try to remember all the different times, but I can never remember.  I know it happened multiple times, but for some reason, I only remember the one time.  It plays through my head like it’s on a loop, exactly the same, every single time I think about it, which is daily.  The reason why I decided to write this down, is because in this day & age of information, it kills me every time I read comments on stories like Bill Cosby or any story abuse story for that matter.  It’s insane that people can accuse a victim of lying, whether it be for personal gain, revenge or whatever the reason.  I’d just like to explain how this affected me psychologically and personally, so maybe people who are ignorant can try & understand what it’s like for a survivor of sexual abuse.           Since I was young, I have never felt that I belonged in any group, even if that group was made up of close friends.  I have always felt alone.  I always felt as if I wasn’t good enough, and had a very low self-esteem.   I have always felt shame, embarrassment & didn’t want people to know about it in case it was held against me in any way.  My relationships with women have always been a mess.  I once questioned my own sexuality because of the abuse.  I’ve never felt attracted to males, but used to question whether or not I was, and I’m sure it was because of the abuse.  I’ve always had trouble trusting another human being, and kept a small circle of friends, which I would always eventually move on from, and then onto another circle, then just repeated this over & over for my entire life.  I’ve “ghosted” several women in my 20’s, really hurting some in the process.  I always felt bad, but I didn’t know how to express my feelings, and didn’t want to express them.  I was promiscuous in my 20’s, just looking for meaningless sex, to fill a void I guess. I’ve been angry for most of my life.  I never wanted kids of my own because of the abuse.  I hate being around small kids, not because I hate them, or I’m afraid I’ll abuse them, I just don’t feel comfortable around them.  Never have, and probably never will.  I could never bring a child into this world, as I could never let them out of my sight, or leave them alone with anyone.  But I do love children.  I find their innocence one of the only pure things that are in this world.          I’ve contemplated suicide too many times to count.  I don’t think I’d ever do it, just because of the pain that I know it would cause to my mother, wife, family & friends.  I had drug problems my whole life, abusing cocaine heavily in my 20’s, prescription drugs in my 30’s and recreational drugs up until now.  I was secretly an addict behind my wife’s back but managed to quit doing the hard stuff, going through withdrawls, and eventually becoming clean, without anyone’s knowledge.  I constantly worry about what people think of me, and things that I say to people in everyday conversations, repeating the conversations back to myself in my head to see if I could’ve said something better, or less offensive.  These conversations in my head, by the way, consume a great portion of every single day.  I can’t sleep at night without going over that day’s events, the past week events, world events or events that spanned years ago.  I feel extreme guilt over small things that occurred days, months, weeks & decades ago.  My brain never stops thinking, ever.  I constantly find myself talking back to the voice in my head, and can unintentionally block out reality and just get lost in the conversation that I have with myself, inside my head.  People that know me will tell you they could never imagine that these are actually happening to me.  You see, I’ve had over 30 years of practice, lying and pretending to be someone I’m not.  One strange thing that happened to me in my early 30’s, is that I became extremely sensitive.  I don’t just mean feeling sorry for another person’s misfortune.  I mean bawling my eyes out over animal abuse, child abuse, newspaper stories, watching the news or watching movies.  For some reason, I can relate to people’s pain on a severe level, and I feel it more than I feel my own pain.  It isn’t a blessing, it’s haunting.  I can’t help but read the internet or news, and when I do, it crushed me emotionally.  I suffer from extreme anxiety, which has been a part of me for, at the very least, decades.  I’m highly skeptical of everything and everyone and I’m extremely cynical.  Even though I’ve dealt with depression, and all the above stated feelings for years, I’ve managed to keep them all in check, and to myself.          Several months ago, when it was revealed that Bill Cosby swore in an earlier deposition that he drugged girls with quaaludes, at first I felt a vindication for the victims that had so bravely come forward, but then I had an episode.  I counted my heart beats per minute and it was around 220 beats.  It was very hard to count them they were so fast.  I’ve gotten so worked up over stories or memories like this that I’ve passed out and have lost consciousness at times.  I can’t tell my doctors out of fear that I’ll have my license taken away, and I need it to work for a living.  My wife has no clue, none of my friends have a clue, and nobody in my family has a clue.  I’ve kept this secret to myself for my entire life.  The only reason why I have never told my parents, was because I felt they would blame themselves and never be able to live it down, and I didn’t want to burden them with that guilt, so I’ve carried it.  I really wanted to tell a few people in my life at times, but always got cold feet.  To say this abuse affected me negatively is an understatement.  I always wanted to make people laugh, and to perform standup comedy as this seemed to be an outlet for me, but I have a severe complex about getting up in front of people, or being rejected by people.  I still, to this day, want to attempt it at some point, but realize it most likely will never happen.   I cannot handle disappointing people in any way.  Some people are built different from others, and unfortunately for me, I could not overcome these feelings, and it has affected me throughout my life.  I don’t visit any realtives, stay in close contact with anyone, and I’m content to just be by myself.         So when people ask questions or say things like “Why wait until now?”, “Why didn’t they report it right away?”, “What is their agenda?”, “They’re just doing it for the money”.  Remember this. Until you have personally experienced this sort of abuse, this disqualifies everyone who hasn’t experienced it from asking any questions like this at all.  As someone who has experienced it, I totally understand why they went about it the way they did.  I honestly think all survivors can relate, and I have never spoke to another survivor about their feelings, but I know how I feel, and will continue to feel.  The shame, embarrassment and self-blaming is too much for most people.  They just want to hide the fact, and never talk about it again, and try their best to forget about it, hence the drug and or alcohol abuse of many survivors.  I was prepared to take this secret to my grave and I wonder how many others have and will.  The thing that’s so unbelievable about abuse like this, is that it’s usually coming from a trusted source.  I hate to harp on Cosby again, but look at how many millions of people believe he is innocent, all because he was a clean comedian and portrayed a loving, caring father on a TV show.  Are there people who have lied about being abused?  Yes, absolutely.  I don’t doubt that for one second, and those people should be dealt with in a severe manner.  My uncle too was a loved individual, a trusted individual and a religious person.  It doesn’t mean they can’t be evil, as proven by quite a few priests all over the world.           I feel like I could go on and on about my feelings, as it’s hard for me to try & concentrate on what to say when there’s hundreds of thoughts streaming through my brain at once.  It’s always been hard for me to be calm and calculating, to talk slow or not to get worked up so easily, as it’s who I’ve been for so long now.  It’s draining, it’s never ending, and it’s who Iam now.  I spend a lot of time dreaming about the person I could have been, or should have been, if it were not for the abuse. I just hope by being as personal and blunt as I have, I can hopefully teach people who are dealing with past abuse themselves, or if they’re dealing with a loved one who has been abused,  that it’s alright to feel the way you feel, and it’s definitely not your fault.  By opening up a window into my brain and feelings for people to see, I hope people can sympathize, understand and try to help other people who are experiencing the same feelings I’ve been feeling my whole life.  I truly feel sorry for those of us who have to carry these feelings around their entire existence, without telling another human being.  Nobody should have to carry this type of burden. With a society that slut shames, blames and questions victims and makes excuses for offenders, it’s no wonder people don’t want to talk about it.  It’s already hard enough to deal with these feelings on your own, I can’t imagine what I’d do if I came clean to someone, only for them to cast doubt or judgement on me.      I still have more to say I guess, just when I thought I was finished.  I’d like to explain how I did turn out, the good stuff.  I’ve been married to an awesome girl for about 12 years now.  She’s so patient, nice and just a great person.  Some days I wonder how the hell I managed to land such a sweet girl.  I know I could definitely be a better husband, as I have a real hard time conveying my feelings.  I love animals, probably more than the average person.  One thing that has also happened to me in my younger years, is that I stopped believing in God/ religion.  That can happen when you’re raised to believe that there is this powerful thing/ being in the world, but he can’t seem to do shit to save or help people.  I really think it’s just us down here.  The only things that will help us or hurt us throughout our life are other humans, and there is nothing wrong with admitting that.  It really bothers me when we constantly tear each other’s accomplishments away by attributing them to an invisible mystery man.  No god has gotten us this far, only we have.  Thousands of Gods have died, and here we still are.  Every invention, gadget, object that has made our lives easier, better or last longer is the result of human intervention, hard work and ingenuity. I wish we could just give ourselves credit for all of our accomplishments.           I’ve worked my entire life, starting from age 11 until now.  I have an awesome job with awesome people, working in wastewater.  It wasn’t an easy road, or one I looked forward to going down, but I ended up here regardless, and I wouldn’t want it any other way.  I get to play a part in preserving our environment for future generations to come.  It’s not a glorious job, but it’s a very important one, and there is so much to focus on at once, that it really suits someone with an over active brain like me.  I love nature, the stars in the sky, science and humanity.  This is a crazy experience we all have a chance to partake in.  We have no idea how lucky most of us are.  We have no idea what it’s like in other places like Syria, you could have just been easily born into a hell, and instead were born into one of the best places in this entire world.  I’m dreamer, a thinker, but most of all, a survivor.  It made me a different person, but it didn’t make me an evil one, and the fact that I had awesome parents to guide me along my journey really helped immensely.   Well, I guess that’s all folks.  Sorry if I went off topic a few times, people who know me will absolutely realize this is normal for me, I do it daily, like right now for instance.  I feel as if I had the largest weight ever removed from my mind & body, just by typing this out.  It’s been very therapeutic for me.  I just hope that this can help someone, anyone for that matter, understand things from the perspective of an actual survivor.  You’re not alone, there are others just like you.       
I don't know what I need but I'm not okay. I look in the mirror and I feel like I'm looking at a stranger. For the second (maybe third) time in my memory, I woke up last night in the middle of the night extremely shaken from another nightmare. All i could do was lay there and cry. My significant other woke up to this and tried to help, but ended up really frustrated and confused. He was still mostly asleep and couldn't really articulate what was frustrating/confusing except that he was trying to understand the event in a way like for work. I don't really know what that meant, but since I'm not a computer I don't think it would be helpful. I feel so guilty for walking him up in the middle of the night after he had a terrible day yesterday and today want set to be much better. I haven't been actively thinking about the nightmares today but I feel it everywhere with me. I feel like I'm alone and being accused of trying to hurt people (my first abuser and the people who side with him). My body feels heavy. My mind is clouded. My back hurts more. My head is ringing. All day I feel like I have been walking around with people screaming insults and accusations at me. My body feels like it's not connected to my mind and I don't even feel like my body is mine. It feels so separate from me. My therapist is out for the rest of the week and really the only ones I have are my SO and you readers. I don't know what I need, but I can feel that I need something. I've been able to go to work, but I'm just going through the motions. I haven't really been present all day. I'm still at work. I still feel completely disjointed. I feel at a loss. For the first time in ages, my intense emotions don't include anger. I just feel... Lost... Alone...I don't know...Thanks to anyone that read this. I needed to get it out.
So, I've told about my abusive father, Ive been suicidal and thinking of killing myself. I stop myself everytime but i keep thinking about what would happen if i did do it. I want to live, and get away from my parents. I don't know who to call, i don't want to get threatened by calling a help center.If my mom finds out, she yell at me. I told her before that he's yelling at me, but she says she doesn't like "us not getting along" I'm just sick and tired of feeling depressed. I know if i call she'll try to guilt trip me and probably tell my dad when he gets home. Sorry for the rant i just need to vent, if anyone had any suggestions,feel free to.
I'm a writer. I'm also a sexual assault survive. I also have a bachelors in criminology and sociology. After my own assault, eight years ago, I sought out to understand what had happened to me and attempt to understand why. I know now that search will last forever but it works best as a means of coping for me, personally. I've gotten the go ahead from my publisher to pursue an idea I have. I want to write a series of first hand accounts and/or interviews with fellow assault survives, to tell me their story the best they can. It will includes up to ten stories from various survives I am able to connect with, including myself and fellow survivor I know IRL. I'm reaching out hoping other survivors will contacrt me and hopefully wish to work with me! Maybe reddit is the wrong place, maybe not. I just hope NO ONE is offended. I just want the world to understand that most of the pain from assault is the years of recovering from an event you'll never forget. Anyone who wants to message is WELCOME to, whether you want to be a part of my story or not!   
A brief background about me before I tell my story. I danced ballet for ten years since I was three years old.I  transitioned to varsity pep during hs and continued cheerleading in an ivy league uni in our country. I worked very hard to maintain my grades up while being a student athlete. During the intermittent of highschool and college I was scouted by some modeling agencies and tried modeling for a year. After college, I worked for JPMorgan for over a year and a half. I resigned and suffered from depression for a year. I am blessed to be very passionate, strong willed and determined. But I did encounter some hardships along the way. When I was around six years old my half brother started molesting me. My dad was unfaithful to my mom with multiple girls and my mom and I suffered abuse both physical and verbal. This is probably the reason why I dont have social media. People closest to me have hurt me and I find it hard to trust people's intentions in general. I dont use my facebook. I dont have instagram nor twitter account. I dont like deliberately imposing attention upon myself and the thought of people stalking makes me cringe. Relationship wise, I had 2 ex boyfriends . One in highschool, 1 year of coursthip before we had sex and 1 in college. Also over a year of courtship before we had sex. Both relationships, I separated with them amicably and are still friends with both.My relationship with my ex started when I transferred to a gym closer to where I live. Same gym different club. Ive been going to the same gym for 10 years since I was 14 and I need a new one. When I transferred to a new club it was new year's eve of 2014. I brought along with me my brother to work out with me. Thats was the first time I saw him.  He works there as a personal trainer. We were both initially attracted to each other. A very raw sexual attraction. That kind of chemistry was a first for me. For a month I was minding my own business in the gym. I see him sometimes checking me out while I was working out and I pretended not to notice. One night, an unregistered number called me and I new straight away it was him. After messaging for quite sometime, he asked me on a date a day after valentines day. Also, it was imperative for him that I dont tell anyone in the gym we were dating. It was strictly against the gyms policy to have a client member relationship. I got to know him along the way. He didnt come from a well off family. His mom used to work in the wet market. I became more attracted to him. I thought he was very authentic and different from the guys I grew up with. Around a couple of weeks of dating, first red flag happened. I picked him up after work closing time around 10:00 pm from the gym and brought him food. He was very tired and I didnt want him to commute. I offered to drive him home. The thing is he lived very far and Ive never been to his town. After an hour of driving, he offered to drive because I was feeling sleepy. Upon arriving in his town, It was very late and very dark and only a couple of street lights were on along the main street. I immediately felt frightened. I impulsively drove a guy by myself who I hung out with just around two or three times very far from the city. I talked myself out of fright. Maybe I was just over reacting. He offered to drink in simple bar. It was closed. We ended up buying beer from a convenient store. I sipped a couple of times to calm my nerves but at the same time I made sure not to get myself drunk. He told me he'll drive me to what he called "the mountain" It was his favorite place. After arriving, all my nerves were gone. The sight was beautiful. We were parked a few meters away from the cliff. Before leaving the car, he told me we should leave the key inside the key ignition. I said no. He was about to put it in his pocket and I took it away from him. I marvelled at the view and we came back inside the car to talk some more. He was sitting inside the passenger seat, I in the driver's. I scooched over to sit on his lap. A few minutes passed, he told me he needed to take a pee. He got out of the car. I transferred to the driver's seat and upon looking eye level there were around six motorcycles surrounding my car. I frantically turned on the engine and left him and the guys with motorcycles. I wasnt sure if they were following me. I looked behind while driving and saw lights from motorcycles. I drove so fast not sure where to go until I got on the main street. I arrived home not sure if I was over reacting. He was calling me non stop. I answered one time to tell him not to talk to me anymore. But during that time I felt sure in my gut I was gonna get raped and they will steal my car. We reconciled, we apologized to each other. It was just one bad coincidence. After a month of dating, I slept with him. He was amazing in bed. I had multiple orgasms everyday. Incomparable to my exes.After awhile of getting me, triangulation, gaslighting and devaluation ensued. He criticized me, talked down on me, called me crazy, shouts at me all the time, verbally and physically abused, threatened to kill me and my family, threatened to upload our intimate video. The order and details of the events are quite confusing and blurry to me please bear with me as I have selective amnesia, coping mechanism, I guess.At the start of the relationship I noticed, he always made sure everyday we talked about his exes and some random girl in the gym. How hot she was. And how the other pts wanna bang the hot members. How his ex just before me was also a member at the gym, who was the daughter of a tycoon in our country, who lives just a few houses away. He called hanging out with his girl friends, dates. I pondered about this and told myself, this couldnt be right. Why were we talking about such futile things and he talks about it like its the highlight of his day. I let him carry on with this. After quite sometime, I became bothered.  But the relationship was going downhill fast. I started to question why we were talking about this. Why are we always talking about the exes? Why was he going out on one on one movie dates with his girlfriends, who rests her head on his shoulders while watching? This actions were very strange for me. He made me feel that it was normal. I was the one who was becoming crazy and jealous all the time. I was getting confused, moody and jealous everyday. Still early on the relationship, we were standing beside each other talking. He received notification from his phone from tinder. He said, that his coworker downloaded the app on his phone to check it out because his co- worker's gf might see it on his phone. I walked out. It takes me a couple of time to calm down. He never gave it to me. He wanted eveything fixed asap. And we always ended up screaming and shouting because he wont give me space to calm down. On a side not that we werent allowed to look at each other's phone. In my previous relationship with my college boyfriend, I checked on his phone once during the whole duration of the relationship. I never had an itch neither wanted to invade his privacy. With my npd ex, he was very firm with privacy on his phone. That made me want to check it even more.  He also associated himself with captain america. Read about it online, it was sort of a pua tactic. Also, he loved compliments. I gave him compliments all the time while he was criticizing me most of the time. Made me feel that something was wrong with me that I basically had a mental disorder because I was jealous all the time. The relationship was awful. We fought all the time. And my self esteem took a beating. Another time, someone texted him that I was cheating on him. I was in shock because I dont have an unfaithful bone in my body. Thinking about it now. It was sly way to check up on my phone. He kept telling me, if this isnt true. Let me see your phone. There was also this time, there was a new member who was attracted to him. The new member treated him for dinner and told me about it the next day to me. They have been texting for a couple of days and he told her about his ex who was the daughter of a tycoon in our country. It was his way to close the deal. A couple of days of texting with the soon to close new client he has been receiving over 50 missed calls from her. The new member told the staff from th gym the he held her hand during their dinner. Im not sure what to think of it. But that time I believed him, that the member was just obsessed with him. Around 6 months into dating we were fighting half of the time, half of the time we were having sex. The relationship had no boundaries. I was harassed at home and at work. I had no peace of mind. When I withdrew from him, from all the fighting and the shouting, which was most of the time, he emails me at work to fight with me, he calls my officemates on their office phone to check up on me. One time, he went to my office. He emailed me to get out or he will punch one of the expats going in and out from the office. Physical abuse ensued. He was shouting inside the building. Guards were warning him that he will get arrested. I told the guards not to. He dragged me out of work to a mall 3 km way. I dont have the power to let go of his hand around my arm. He was muscly and strong. He slapped me inside the mall. People were watching and a big guy were about to approach us to stop him. I begged him that I missed so much work and after a couple of hours of screaming and dragging. He let me go back to my work. Fighting dialed down and after 10 months into dating he proposed and I accepted. The fighting started again. I had a gut feeling he was texting this child actress who has an online sex viral video. Basic face, short , came from a school notoriously known to have a not smart population of students but amazing at her job in the insurance sales industry. She is an expert in self promotion and social media. One time, while we were spooning, he was asleep and saying her name. Im not sure how they started, if the girl knew about me. But we overlapped. I was right all along when I came to his condo, heard a girl moaning iniside. I froze, I knocked, It was locked. I told him to come out and that Im not going to talk to the girl. The room became silent. He didnt come out. He chose the girl over me. Next day, he denied. He told me he used his condo as airbnb.This was the worst thing that Ive been through. I cannot describe the how broken I am.  Until now. I have this crippling pain on my insides that doesnt seem to heal. I did not deserve to be treated that way. My self esteem took a beating. Honestly, no guy from my network, would even take a second glance on the other woman. Physically, shes not attractive. But she is charming and open. Thats why its so hard for me. She is basically my opposite in all aspects. But they suit each other well. They like being on the spotlight and are working very hard to be rich. They see very happy now. My ex and I have been together for a year and a month. They've been together now for 1 and a half years. All I want is that their day of reckoning comes. And karma makes them pay for the unbearable pain they've inflicted on me.
I guess I'm posting to stop my brain circling around and around. My therapist made some strange comments when we were talking about an ex holding me down and refusing to let me get up. I mentioned one of my family members was in another room, and I was sure they could hear him, and I was angry that they did nothing to stop him.My therapist said 'girls can scream right?' and I was like ??? So my therapist elaborated with 'can you scream?, girls can scream really loud. Maybe you should have done that. Or maybe practice screaming so if it happens again you will know what to do.'And I was still like ??? At what my therapist said, so I replied 'I'm not that kind of person, I don't scream and I wouldn't want to provoke him.'Thats terrible advice right? But is it so bad that it's going to effect my therapy and I should find a new person? I don't know, I find it really hard to confront anyone when they upset me.
I was abused as a kid and due to it, became severely depressed. This is something I will always struggle with. I wanted to write about how my depression affected me. How it controlled me. And most importantly how I overcome it daily!http://monikahmay.blogspot.com/2015/01/inside-my-own-depression.htmlPlease feel free to check out my other posts as well. I want to get my story out there so that other people struggling with different things know they aren't alone. I went through what I went through to help others. To be the survivor I am today! To be the voice for someone who has lost theirs! 
Hey y'all. Over the summer it's kind of felt like dealing with my abuse has been a full-time job - the only way I've been able to make any progress has been by thinking about it all the time, processing feelings, going to therapy, sorting meds. Now that I'm back at uni I just don't have time to be upset all the time and constantly be practising self-care and shit. I'm in final year, so the workload by itself is really stressful, let alone with trauma recovery on top of that! It feels like I'm just taking a million steps backwards every day (a big problem for me is repressing my feelings/memories, so not thinking about the abuse kind of does feel like a step back). I just feel really exhausted and washed out all the time. I'm not looking specifically for advice (although if you have any I'll gladly hear it!), just wanted to vent/maybe get some encouragement and positivity. Thanks for listening x
I would like to apologize if details are vague, but the situation is complex, or it is to me.I had not been in a relationship for over four years when I met my classmate that would eventually become my boyfriend and abuser.  So my experience in dating or even being with someone were limited, and I wanted this relationship to work.We were classmates that studied together at first, then eventually became friends.  Soon I became his confidant, where he would confess and open up to me about his problems, insecurities, and hopes.  I care very deeply for my friends, and try to empathize the best I can, so of course I wanted to be there for him.  I opened myself up to him, and we became close, and then eventually started dating.It was so nice at first, we didn't fight, we got along.  Went hiking, cooked, watched movies, all these activities that brought us closer together as a couple.But his insecurities and jealously came out, he hated that I was acquainted with so many people, especially men, who were my friends and nothing more.  It started off small, first asking me not to talk to any of my exes, who I was still friends with after four years of not being together.  But then eventually I could have no male friends, then no facebook, instagram, snapchat, all social media gone.  All while verbally telling me I was a whore, slut, unworthy.  Slowly cutting me off from the outside.Eventually he would become violent, but it was also a slow process.  At first it was shoving and pushing, that moved on to slapping, that would eventually evolve into him punching and strangling me.  And every time I would not fight him, because I knew he would calm down and stop, afterwards he would show such remorse it broke my heart.My isolation continued when I wasn't allowed to talk to anyone outside of school or family, I was no longer allowed to talk to friends I had made before meeting him.  All of this while he was still able to keep his females friends, including a married woman he had slept with previously.I eventually told the school what was happening to me, I eventually went to court to get a protective order placed.  All of this because I finally told another classmate what was happening and they pressured me to do so.I'm sure you all wonder why I stayed in such a horrible toxic relationship, and why I put up with someone so damaged and abusive.  That's where my empathy comes in, I know I could not help him since I was so close, but I wanted to at least be there for him, his irrational though process and his mind taking him away on tirades that have no justification.  I am a patient person, and was willing to stay in someone that was bad for me because I loved and cared for someone who was damaged.It's unfortunate, I still want to be with him and I still love him.  I feel guilt for going to court and the school, the process in which the school hasn't decided to kick him out or not.  I know he's angry at me, even though a no-contact order has been issued, I know he's very upset at me, believing that I was too harsh.Crisis counseling, talking to experts in general say that I am exhibiting behavior and thoughts of someone who has experienced extreme trauma.  I never thought what I went through was trauma, or I didn't realize it was traumatic until afterwards. Everyone I've told about my situation, about my feelings all say the same thing, "I've never been in your shoes."
Hi everyone,Throwaway account for this since my (now) ex knows my username.I just really need to talk to someone. Here's my story.My cycle of abuse started around a year ago. First it was a shove, then a slap, then full-fissted punches and kicks to the face. I would say it's happened about a handful of times and I've now had 3 black eyes at the hands of my abuser, among other facial swellings and bruises across my body. We moved into an apartment we rent together about 2 months ago.Tonight, we went drinking with a group of friends for my birthday (Sunday, 23 years old!). He has had drinking problems in the past and usually wets the bed if he drinks too much, and also got a DUI/reckless driving offense 2 years ago on my birthday as well and lost his license, so alcohol is a consistent problem for him. The abuse started while he was drunk, but escalated so he was doing it even sober. For this incident tonight, he was drunk (I know this is no excuse).We came home after a great night and I was very happy with the way things went. I don't remember falling asleep on the couch, but I guess I did. I woke up around 4-5 AM and started to move to the bedroom, where he was. I opened the door and there was vomit all down the side of the bed, his pillows, his phone, on the door - everywhere. I tried to wake him up. I kept yelling "John*, you need to get up. You threw up everywhere, including on your phone, and you need to stop laying in it and help me clean it up." Among other variations. He told me "10 minutes" which obviously isn't okay since he's laying in vomit... So I shook his leg, like you would any person you were trying to wake up, not violently. I told him again he needed to wake up and why. There was no anger in my voice since I know how he is.He stood up and starting just beating me. He starting punching and hitting me. I screamed and asked him to stop, and he wouldn't. I fell backwards between the bed and the wall, so I was stuck and he took advantage of this. He kept hitting me, kicking me, really everything he could do. And the whole time he was screaming, "Why did you put your hands on me? Why did you hit me? Why did you throw up on my phone and all over the bed?" like I was the one who did it, even though I had been asleep on the couch and obviously couldn't. He was just twisting the situation around as an excuse to hit me, I suppose.I didn't fight back as I thought it would agitate him since he was drunk and not thinking clearly, so I just kept begging him to stop and asking if I could clean myself up and clean the bedroom up, trying to seem docile. Eventually he hit my nose just right and it starting bleeding and I was coughing up blood, so I tried to use this as an excuse to clean up as well. He then kept hitting me for coughing.Eventually, he let up and I went to the bathroom to clean up. My plan was to wait until he was distracted and grab my cell phone on the table and call 911. But he came into the bathroom and starting hitting me again while I was cleaning up my nose, this time shoving me into the bathtub. I laid there while he hit me again all over and I kept spitting up blood. The whole time I was doing the same as before, telling him how I didn't run or scream when I went to the bathroom and trying to assure him I wouldn't so he would stop and I could get to my phone without alerting him that was my plan. After about 10 minutes, there was a knock on the door.After they knocked for the third time, he went and answered. I thought it might have been a neighbor since we live in an apartment building and I couldn't hear what was being said, and he was obviously trying to brush them off. But I took off running to the door and told them I needed help. It was the police, who later told me "a couple" people had heard screaming and thought it didn't sound good, and had called. I don't know who that was, but as I told the officer, I am forever grateful to whoever called as they may have saved my life.They came in and I explained to them everything that happened, and they took my now ex away after I told them I didn't want him in the apartment tonight, at the bare minimum. Unfortunately I just moved to a new state and don't have any family/friends here yet, so I don't have many options where to go. But he told me I was within my right to barricade the door, so I moved the couch and some kitchen chair in front of it. We have a corner apartment with a small entryway, so they're right up against our closet and I don't think they'll budge if he tries to come back.I have bumps on my face, back of my head, back, and a bruised/bloody nose. I don't think it warrants a trip to the emergency room, but I'm going to head over to an urgent care as soon as it gets light out to get checked out. Really, I just need someone to talk to. I feel alone and broken hearted and obviously really lost. I want to leave him, but both of our names are on the lease and I'm not sure where to go from here. The officer gave me some resources on how to get a protection order and put out a warrant for his arrest. The positive is that I'm in Chicago, so I'm sure there are a lot of great options for resources to help. The officer came back up to talk to me after putting my ex in the back of his car, and he said he was pissing him off and being an uncooperative jerk, so I'm really grateful for that officer who seemed to genuinely care as well. He spoke to me about other cases he's seen and how they really don't turn around after someone hits you in the face, and that was good for me to hear and definitely gave me some more motivation to stay away for good.My ex has called me 4 times and I've of course ignored the calls. I just feel a little lost right now. Not to mention the clean-up I have to do from his vomit :( ....Thanks for listening. It's my birthday, so I'm feeling more alone than ever.
marks constructed in the form of fingers, created by an unforgiving grip, left not of love but possessionhis touches will always linger,i can still feel his breath,you live in the cage you build for yourself, but mine was built for me to forcibly close me in.i can imagine my blood vessels bursting and bruises forming within the seconds it took him wrench his hands into my flesh. if i was glass i'd have shattered,gasps for air,pain for breath.a lonely abyss beckoning to me,calling out my name,dancing at the edge of my vision,like ballerinas on a stage.a new reality awaits me,more peaceful than the life I live,and his malevolent grasp on me,presses me deeper in.i am small, my hearts worn thin, i have nothing left to give.i refuse to open my eyes,just as a piano,my fragile skin his keys,his melody my cries.i can't bare to look into the face of someone who intentionally harmed another being.with every breath i don't take.i know.this is what i deserve.
 It all started me coming out a ftm (female transiting male)to my parents. My mom screamed at me, refusing to use my male name. Later i had a panic attack, due to my mom threatening to take me out of school for telling her how i had to correct one of my friends on my name. I thought she would calm down and talk about it but instead she ranted that i was being ridiculous. (note that this is in problem with people around, i just thought that would be something to talk about.)I'm supposed to correct them so they know what name  and pronouns i want them to use.My dad yelled at me when he found out saying "i don't know where you get this nonsense from!” It made it my depression even worse, i was already depressed from dysphoria,which sucked ass.I'm not the same person anymore, my dad mostly was  the main cause due to physical and verbal abuse i got from him.I just can't stand it anymore, i try to smile but i find myself  depressed, I'm worried i won't be able to see my younger 2nd cousins (due to being a trans man, my other grandparents are religious) and i don't know what they'll say, i know they love me so if they do accept me, i'll at least be a bit more happy.I hope you guys don't have to deal with the shit i go through. The only good thing is that my teachers and fellow students have learned to use my male name and pronouns.,
I recently spoke about my abuse on Reddit for the first time, here (https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/50nysv/serious_male_rape_victims_of_reddit_what_happened/d7609e1). It was the first time I've ever spoken really frankly about it. I was very honest about it, as well as about feeling suicidal, and I received a lot of support and suggestions via PM that I come here to talk if I'm feeling bad again.Well, I'm feeling really bad. Yesterday, 27th of September was my mum's birthday. I received the usual guilt tripping Facebook messages from family members about how much she misses having me in her life. Guilt tripping phonecall from my sister about how my mother 'waited to hear from me all day'. These are all people who know about the accusations I've made and take her side without question.I know why they do. She comes off as a saint and I was a genuinely horrible kid. Thing is, I wasn't a horrible kid for no reason. My mum was having sex with me. Before she started I was such a good kid and looking back I can see how that eroded, I went from being the quietest boy in class, doing my homework, curious about the world, to shut down and angry and causing trouble wherever I could. So most of my family - all of my family thinks I'm worthless and she's a saint for having put up with me all that time, and any accusations I make are more of me trying to cause trouble for the sake of it, being spiteful. I'm also gay and Northern (British) so I've got a nice gaggle of homophobic aunts and uncles saying how ungrateful I am when she's been so accepting of my lifestyle.In the early hours of this morning I went through and blocked every single one of my family on FB but it just feels like a defeat. She's the pedo and the rapist and she gets to keep her family and I'm all alone. I barely have friends. I don't know how to relate to people anymore. Last night I made a plan to kill myself, and then I didn't, I went on my block rampage instead. The problem is I don't know what to do today. It's such an effort to get out of bed again. I'm afraid to kill myself unless I fail, end up in hospital where she can turn up at my bedside with little to stop her.The worst thing, and I do know I'm not the only survivor to struggle with this, but the worst thing is I miss her. I miss her, she's my mum. And she doesn't even care enough about me to admit what she did. It isn't as though she innocently overloved me and overstepped her bounds, she took my 14 year old penis and put it inside her when I was frozen, unmoving with fear. She knows she had sex with me, even if she doesn't see it as rape. And she , my mum who claimed to love me more than anything in the world, she calls me deluded, cuts me off from my entire family, acts the wounded party. I want to start dating again. I stopped after my first serious boyfriend, who was completely freaked out by my history when I told him, but I'd like to have someone again. Years of anonymous hookups that I never enjoy - more self harm than sex. I want to date again, but I don't know how. To be ready to tell someone I'll have to be attached to them, if they run like the hills like the last bf did I don't know what I'll do.I swing between making plans for the future, clinging to these shreds of hope, and planning my suicide. I just want to talk to people who understand. I'm tired of being alone.
Hi yall. this is my first post on here, so i'm not sure if i'm really doing this right. don't really know if this is where I should be posting this. but here we go:I just got out of what I think was an abusive relationship. Or maybe the relationship itself wasn't abusive, but he's abusing me now.About a year ago, I was sexually assaulted. After that, I put up every wall possible to push away any guy who was interested in me. I didn't trust men anymore. But then I met this guy, my ex. He didn't know about my past but for some reason I was incredibly comfortable around him from the moment he met. He could tell I was hesitant to go out on dates with him or kiss him, and he respected that. We took things very, very slow.About a month into the relationship, I started hinting at having an abusive past, and he was completely understanding and told me he wanted to help me through this. Things were honestly going pretty damn good. Before, I couldn't even let a guy put his arm around me without having a panic attack. But with him, I was kissing him, letting him hold me and hug me, I even would fall asleep in his arms. That was HUGE for me.As the relationship progressed, obviously things started to take a sexual turn, and there were bumps. When things would get heated I would panic and start shaking, and he would immediately stop and make sure I was okay. But with time and more exposure to these sexual acts, I became more comfortable with it and with him. I was finally starting to feel like a healthy person again. I had opened up to him about everything and he promised me he would never hurt me, he just wanted to help me through this.3 months into our relationship, we had sex. It wasn't an easy decision for me. We talked about it for about an hour beforehand, talking about the complications and how if we went through with it I would need him to be there for me more than ever. This was the night he told me he loved me. He promised me he wasn't going anywhere. He made me feel comfortable and beautiful and for the first time in a fucking year I didn't feel damaged or broken. That was the night I fell in love with him... and the last time I ever saw him.Immediately after that he became cold and hurtful. I thought maybe it was just because school had started and we both became super busy. But one night, I texted him asking if we could talk on the phone because I had a really bad day, and he just snapped. He said "I'm not your fucking therapist" and "you need to deal with this yourself because you're not my first priority" and loads of other hurtful comments. He promised he'd be there for me, and then he does this.So I broke up with him. It hurt like hell but I knew he was making my life sadder and harder. When I ended things (over the phone, because he refused to see me in person), he said "okay. cool." I have cried my eyes out every night for the past week. But damn it, I'm proud of myself for doing it.Now I find out through one of our mutual friends that he's telling everyone he dumped me. So I text him and just call him out on his childish behavior and he explodes at me. He threatens to tell everyone all of my personal secrets about my assault. He tells me he never actually cared about me and that all of this was a lie. He implies that he cheated on me. He implies that he was this in it for the game, just to have sex with me. He jokes about how he took my virginity and says "you'll never forget me, but I'm going to forget you". This is abuse, right? Emotional abuse? I don't know what to do. I blocked him on everything: twitter, facebook, instagram, iMessage, you name it. There's no way he can come in contact with me anymore, but I still can't get rid of him. He still has the power to act on his threats, to tell our friends my personal secrets. I just feel so fucking stupid. I trusted him with everything, I told him things I can never bring myself to tell anyone, not even my best friend of 6 years. How could he hear about my past, hear about my pain, and just use me like this? I just don't understand. Why me?How do I get through this?Also, I know he is a member of reddit and I am slightly terrified he will somehow find this. I don't know much about reddit, what are the chances he could find me on here?
hi okay so i’ve recently become much more aware of how i act in terms of my attitudes towards relationships and i need a second opinion.okay so basically i’ve noticed that i’m incredibly hot and cold towards people who i become interested in. this is no matter the person. the minute they become interested in me i start thinking the worst of them and try to sabotage any chance that i could have of starting a relationship. i’ll become someone else to them thats kinda of an arrogant asshole to the point where the person im interested in probably doesn’t know where they stand with me..which is really bad for them and confusing.. and then i’ll apologise because i realise what i’m doing and its all very ??? for them and its like i’m constantly on the defensive to protect myself and project some kinda asshole persona that im completely not so that i can throw them off or something..like literally anyone i’ve ever been with has always said that i confuse them and honestly like i hate to be described like that..i dont want to be that person. then it gets even more confusing because the minute they loose interest im quietly wanting them back and wanting them to be interested again which i dont make obvious because i know what messing someone around does to them..i kinda realise that this hot and cold kinda attitude is quite common in emotionally abusive relationships and because i’ve already researched quite a bit into this and i’m aware of the emotional impact that emotional abuse has on people after myself being a survivor of it for a long time, i’m thinking that because i’m aware of what i’m doing and how i’m acting towards people, i’m sabotaging any chance of a relationship because i’m afraid that im acting out how i was treated as a child and the possible effects it can have on the people i come into contact with which is literally nothing i would wish on anyone.if anyone of you’s has read this and sent advice, thankyou!! and if this is the case what do i do to stop it because it feels like second nature to me..like it feels ingrained and i hate it and i want it to stop!!! i dont want to hurt anyone! i've been to counselling before but it's recently that i've noticed that i'm having issues with relationships :(
It gets better. I'm (22M) back and glad to be rid of a toxic, abusive ex (20F). Better days are coming :) I was in an abusive relationship for 8 months. I was friends with her for 5 months before asking her out as we seemed to work well as friends. When we went out however, she started showing her jealous side/insecurities. In the past, she was cheated on and forced to do sexual acts by her exes. Throughout our relationship, I did everything I could to make her happy. However, she started saying I was like them, despite me never doing anything to hurt her. When she got angry she was cruel, she hit me in the face with a shovel and yelled at me after because I swore at her (a natural response I thought). She hit me on two other occasions. If I told her something in confidence, she'd use it against me and twist my words. Once she caught on what she was doing, she would say that I was manipulating her.She was also a selfish lover. She also was incredibly jealous whenever I talked to any of my female friends. This was so much the case that I deleted many of my female friends on Facebook/cut them out of my life. She could have as many guy friends, even guys she'd previously been with (she hid that until I asked her when we were drunk). I would've been fine with it, but she hid it, which was quite suspicious. But if I even talked to another woman she'd freak out and say she doesn't trust me with them. She tried to isolate me and she succeeded. Whenever we had a fight, she would confide in our mutual friends (who ended up being toxic people to me). However, at any hint of me trying to talk to a close friend or family member, she'd freak out. I usually wanted to talk about our issues privately but she never seemed to respect that. She would complain to them about something I did (untrue) but I was targeted by them, even one of her friends threatened to get a gang of people to beat me up. However, she was a hypocrite and relished in double standards. She'd say I wouldn't pay for anything,(I paid for everything) , is that right? I know I'm a man but it didn't feel right. She hung out with guys she'd previously been with, and only confessed when she was drunk. If I hung out with people I'd been with before, she'd hate it. Another double standard. She cheated on me with 2 guys on a night out. One made out, and she woke up in one of their beds without any pants. She told our "friends" and they said to keep it secret from me. She told me anyway and came to me crying saying sorry etc.I stayed with her as my nan was dying and I thought to not make a rash decision because of my emotional state (bad call). I asked her why she was still friends with one of the guys she cheated on me with, she said that if she deleted him, "It would feel too real". She was the one worried I would cheat, yet she was the one who did it. We broke up 8 months ago. I'm glad she's out of my life, I just wish I'd left her sooner. I felt weak as I'm a man being abused mentally and physically by a woman. I posted something like this on Facebook to highlight that men can also be in abusive relationships. I get a call from her mom saying if I don't get it taken down in 24 hours, I'll be sued for slander. I mentioned no names or that I was the one being abused. Every time I think she can't do something worse, she does it. She posted an article saying how 'Relationships ruin youth' and how bad absuive relationships are. It made me feel sick. She posts hypocritical shit all the time.(This happened 3 months ago). No contact with her and my life's improved dramatically.I'm sticking with family and friends and I'm so much happier for it! I'd like to be with a woman who sees me as an equal. I realised my last relationship was unhealthy, toxic and abusive. I've cut contact with her and that group of people. This is a really important message, it gets better. There are shitty people out there but there are also wonderful people too. Stick with the latter. :) I'll be more careful next time and find someone who's the complete opposite of her. Someone kind, generous and loyal. I'm a stronger person now after getting out of this on the other side. Abuse is never okay, no matter what gender. I should have realised that sooner. TL;DR; Had abusive girlfriend for 8 months. Toxic friend group. I cut them out of my life. Happier now.
This post on my blog is about my fear of being a mom due to the abuse I endured as a kid/teenager. I was afraid I would turn out just like my abusers. I was always afraid that I would end up just like her.. my biological mother. But the cycle ends with me. http://monikahmay.blogspot.com/2016/07/overcoming-fear-of-being-mom-due-to.htmlThank you for the support and love that I've received. 
To quote Trent Reznor's words..I was abused physically and mentally as a child by my mother (not sexually as far as I recall though she certainly had/s a lot of misdirected repressed sexual energies) to the point she tried to kill me as an infant.Leaving home and going NC with her allowed me to breathe for the first time and look at life around me.However by then everyone else my age had had full healthy lives full of experiences whilst I had mainly just been hiding in shadows trying to avoid her unstable and unpredictable wrath.Even having lived a few experiences myself.. the ghost of everything she did is always with me and only dark thoughts of my own can make me feel at ease..  But can I live my whole life like that?..I wrote a [simple song](https://soundcloud.com/mickeythedrama/peace-lullaby) about this.. can anyone relate?
Hi, my name is "you wanted it" and I am now 20, I am married and have a beautiful little girl who is 2. When I Was a freshman in high school I got my first boyfriend, I had never seen him before because he was from another country. We hung out at school and although we never saw each other out of school we got along great he was older than me about 17-18 I was 15. One day I stayed after school with him for a resital he had that I was helping backstage with well since everyone had gone home at 330 and the resital wasn't to start till 730 we were the first ones there, the teacher was at her classroom getting things ready and me and him where in the auditorium with 3 other trying to work ahead and get some stuff ready. Well he tells me he left his script in his locker on the second floor of the main building and asked me to go with him... I regret ever leaving the auditorium, he had it all planed out he knew what he was doing... when we get to the second floor he pushed me in the male bathrooms coming out of the stairs before getting to the lockers. I hit the mirror and broke it there was glass cutting my forehead and hand. I tried to get up so I wouldn't cut my self more but before I could even get to my knees he janked me by my hair and half dragged half threw me to the end of the bathrooms where the urinals where. (I had on a pretty litte blue dress with white dots all over with a Jean jacket to cover up since it was a spaghetti strap dress and against school dress code, it was right above my knees and flared out like a Sunday dress.) He tore the little shorts I had under off and pulled my undies to the side while he bent me over a urinal, pushing my face all the way in it. I was struggling to get up to get him to let me go to get my face out of the water.... I was a virgin... it was so painfull.... he was punching and shoving his thing deeper and deeper and faster and saing "you asked for it" "is this what you wanted?" "I love the color blue" "you wore this for me?" "You have the tightest pussy" "you smell delicious" I was trying to scream to cry out but he was almost drowning my in the urinal I remember my forehead bleeding and the water turning red and the presume of his hand on the back of my head and my head almost not fiting in the urinal and the preasure of his thing inside me....  there was so much blood... when he was done he licked the blood out of my vagina and shoved his fingers in and told me to taste his cum and my "bloody pussy juice" that it was delicious. He left me there on the floor in front of the urinal covered in blood and his cum and sweat and saliva for liking my neck and back. I called out for teachers but no one came.. I pulled my self up off the floor and cleaned up as best as I could (I still had blood stains on my dress and in my face but it wasn't so bad. my face didnt hurt as much as my womanhood.. I ran away from home I didn't go back for two days. I went to a church and begged for sanctuary and confessed what happened to me to the father of the convent. He was very understanding and wanted me to go to the police but I wouldn't, I didn't want to see him ever again.. my mother called, went to the police and my father nearly went mad searching for his "little girl" he lost his job and the police weren't much help they didn't even look close to the school. I mean the convent was down the street, if they couldn't find me how where they going to keep me safe from him. About 4 days later I went back home to my parents and said I had gotten beaten by some girls and was staying at the church to get away from them.my mother didn't believe me but I didn't care I wasn't going to tell her what happened, how could I tell her... days when by and I went back to school careful to never be alone and to avoid the area near his locker and his classes. I saw him in a crowd once in the hallway and pissed myself, I wanted to die. I fell into depression and tried suicide it didn't work didn't take enough pills, a month later at the end of the year I'm cleaning out my locker and he was there he came right up to me and asked why I hadn't been answering his texts or phone calls and why I was avoiding him? (Really as if he didn't know) I was so scared I froze and started crying quietly... he got down to face level with me and said "what?? Did you not like it??" I felt sick. He laughed and left.soon after that we moved to the states and I meet my now husband my 10th grade year it took me 2 years to tell him what happened and another 2 years to be intimate with him but he never rushed me or complained he helped me out of my depression and to Learn to live again and not be in fear with a constant wall up to defend my self.... 
Hello, I'm new to Reddit. I apologize if this is a bit rambling, but I will use bullets to try and make more legible.23, college graduate dealing with emotional/psychological and sexual abuse from childhood.* Grew up with divorced parents. Every other week my sister and I would switch parents houses (1 week at Mom's, 1 week at Dad's, repeat).* Mom would take my sister and I to the beach, get blackout drunk and leave us alone for hours. This started when we were 5 and 6 y.o. As the eldest sibling, I was always the one to call 911 or speak with the hotel front desk folks to tell them that I couldn't tell if my mom was sleeping (or breathing). Mom would forget to feed us dinner, stepdad would put mom to bed and feed us. When I was 8/9, I told my mom that I thought she was an alcoholic, to which she would drunkenly scream and verbally degrade me. Mom in more ways than I can count told me repeatedly how I was incompetent and stupid -- the "stupid, prettier older daughter" and my sister was the "smarter, less beautiful daughter" (which is total bullshit). She would also make fun of my sister and I whenever we cried and absolutely despised it when we laughed together. Stepdad started calling me an liar and ungrateful bitch. At that point, I started calling my dad and grandparents to come pick me up. My sister got angry with me every time because I made the adults angry. This continued until I was about 15, at which point I decided to stop going to my mom's.* Dad or Grandparents would come pick me up, and at first I thought everything was going to be better. Except my Dad is a hoarder. Piles and piles of boxes everywhere. Navigating through the house is like walking through a hallway of cubicles. It seemed like there was a different type of bug for each floor of the house. Many of my childhood memories involve me making a game out of killing these bugs with my sister. We had rats, too. Mold. Dust on everything. Dad also spent most of the daylight hours asleep. A typical day would be, wake up, get breakfast with Dad. Go home, Dad would fall asleep until early evening, leaving my sister and I alone together again. Dad would wake up, and we'd go out again to dinner.* Dad also has porn all over the house. I can't open the fridge, let alone walk out of my room, without seeing porn. He's into humiliation and torture porn. Gay porn, horror porn. Regardless of what was in use, the lady always looked scared and hurt. I would always run up to my bedroom and cry for hours and for a while I started scratching myself and was quite suicidal in high school. I constantly felt trapped and had recurring nightmares about sexual humiliation and rape.* When we were really young he played a game with us that he thought was funny: "Pick a lady for daddy": we would get ice cream and people watch and we would look around the mall or wherever the fuck we were and we would pick out a woman that we thought (were taught) was what our dad wanted. He would laugh. Dad had multiple girlfriends, and he would tell us what he did sexually with them. They took photos of each other and had loud sex in the room next to my sister and I's. When I was in high school, my dad would ask me advice about his love life, what he should do to make his girlfriend(s) happy, and what I thought about the sexual stuff they were doing with each other. He always said that I was "so mature for my age" and honestly, I was proud of that at the time.* Self-Diagnosed depression (therapist confirmed) in high school. Therapist really didn't bring to light the sexual abuse, but did see the neglect. The last three years of high school I saw as professional training for dealing with my family and preparing to leave for college (for good).* In an (admittedly) misguided effort of my teenage self, I tried to confront my dad with what I had learned in therapy. That I didn't feel comfortable living with him, all of the disappointment, what I wanted from my parent. But that usually turned into a screaming match. He'd say that I'm the kid, I don't know anything. That he's the parent, and that I should listen to him, regardless. (Ironically, my mom would cite the same thing -- I really think they are perfect for each other.)* Left for college (and met my S.O.), went back to my abusive family after a year and a semester later went back to college. Did not see a therapist regularly during college. (but should have).* Started dating S.O. in late college, we graduated last year and now live together. Seeing a new therapist, who recently brought to light the sexual abuse. I've been having more self-destructive thoughts, guilt-riddled feelings, flashbacks, and now avoid most television with any sexual content in it.* All of my feelings aside, life here is immensely more stable than anything I've ever experienced. The stability is both comforting and at times nerve-wracking -- because I think I expect it to all fall apart. I expect my S.O. to become annoyed and discard me (like my parents). I find myself in a place where I am no longer trapped physically, but I feel like I still am in my head. I'm still on edge -- high-strung, workaholic, and anxiety-riddled compared to my super chill S.O, who sees me like a vet. I've recently been contemplating how other people go through their daily lives. What motivates them? How do they set goals for themselves? Why do most people I meet seem so ok with where they are now? The past year i've felt like a child with all of the new experiences that I've had (i.e: doing X, Y, and Z and not being screamed at or made fun of)* I feel like I went through the motions: left the abusive family, got a degree, but now what? I thought I might be interested in pursuing a graduate degree, but I felt like I have never really rested. That I might just be going through more motions, without really thinking about who I am now and what would make me happy. I find myself tired. Never really stayed still and felt ok. So i'm taking more time off before going back to school. But i'm unsure of how to learn the skill of letting go and just enjoying my time here. I'm not sure how to have fun (and fully move on).TL;DR: Abusive family made my childhood a living hell. Been in therapy since I was 6 and have moved away from my family. In a safe place with a loving and supportive S.O., but even in this idyllic situation, I still feel like I am running towards/away from something. Other than when I'm goofing off with my partner, I don't know how to live with myself (and my trauma) and feel ok. I'm not sure that I know what will make me happy.
Recently I discovered that I was physically and sexually abused from 2nd grade to 4th grade (19 years old now). Had repressed the memories and only recently started to remember. Was wondering if there is anything that can help me cope cause it's been causing me extreme emotional distress. I am already seeing a therapist but want some more insight.
 Before school started my family decided to take one last trip up to my grandmas house. We where already late to get on the road and we where rushing to get ready. My dad was trying to get to the kitchen me picking up some towels and organizing them. "one second" i said as nicely as i could. He instantly started yelling at me telling me to knock it off. I explained to him later that i was just saying and was putting some stuff away. He rolled his eyes and told me that i was being rude. "no i wasn't, i was being nice as i could" i tried to explain. When we got in , something set him off , because he started screaming at me getting in my face. i said " i didn't do anything" and started to sob" my mom called for me , she was in the shower. she asked me what happened. I was frozen, sobbing and having a mental breakdown, trying to explain through my tears that he was yelling at me. "oh please!' he said angry and went into his room. I told her that i tried to explain and he started screaming at me. He was saying "(my name) STOP" and"enough!" i was crying and eventually had to go get my coffee ready for the road.i wiped my eyes on my arm and tried to  forget it. When we where all ready. my dad decided to scream at me again for asking him a simple question and stormed off to pushed the elevator button. I was sobbing again, and my dad said "enough cmon and lets go!" we eventually went on the road. I was still crying and my dad never apologized. 
Does anyone else ever feel like they get stuck in an "abused mentality"?  What I mean by that is being dismissive of things that maybe shouldn't be dismissed.    For personal background I have been abused my whole life by multiple people and multiple contexts. The primary trauma being repeated sexual abuse.    This weekend I went out with my cousin and her coworkers. They are technically my coworkers too but my position is low standing and its a two day a month deal.  I didn't drink at all but everyone else got pretty wasted. One of the guys whom I've had previous odd encounters with was being aggressive with me. (He has hit my hand repeatedly in a work environment, joking that he "fucking hates me" and that he's "literally going to kill me".) All of this being weird attempts at flirting.  He's a huge narcissist and I legitimately believe he has NPD.  I have issues with male dominance and he was basically setting off my PTSD. The only reason I stayed was I promised to help get another beligerant member of the group home.    To make a long story short, he slapped me. He originally "slap tapped" my cousin and I (both female). I went after him and did it back. He proceeded to "bitch slap" me in an extremely disrespectful manner. I punched his arm as he moved away from me. At that moment I backed off because I knew I couldn't engage like that. I was already shut down from the rest of the night. I hardly reacted. Now there is more to the story but I suppose it's not relevant to the point.    After that night, its been really fucking with me. I cried on and off all the next day. I feel retraumatized and alone.  At the same time I think I'm being dramatic and stupid. I feel like a pussy for letting him put his hands on me and not completely defending myself.  I also feel like its my fault because I went after him too.    So ultimately for various reasons from that night, not just the slap, my cousin feels the need to bring it up with her boss. Her point being that we've been abused our whole lives and we have to stand up for ourselves.  I agree with her but I can't help but fall back into not wanting to say anything. Thinking its my fault and not a big deal. When I told other friends the full story they've been greatly concerned for me and my safety. It just doesn't feel like a big deal and I want to just ignore it.    I see how history could have shaped this mentality.  - I never went to trial with my primary abuser because I was scared.  - I never reported an assault.  - I have trouble accepting some abuse as abusive.    The list could seriously go on and on.    She's talking to her boss today and I support her decision. I just don't know how to feel about it. Im really considering quitting despite it being my only source of income at the moment.  Can anyone relate? Am I totally lost in my own trauma and this is not a big deal?    TL;DR I have trouble gauging situations. I get stuck in the whole its been so much worse and this is nothing mentality. Anyone have trouble recognizing potentially serious issues? Or instinctually want to dismiss them?
  In the middle of the summer we went to other state to meet up with our grandparents. Along the road somehow me and my dad got into a argument (for some stupid reason) and  screamed at me.  after when we stopped for food i was crying silently and had to deal with angry look from my dad. When we sat down eating, my mom was on the phone and my dad was trying to talk to her. "she's on the phone" i said. He screamed at me to shut up.Everyone to look at us. "thats enough, both of you" my mom said going back to  her call. " (my name) -he glared at me- i mean (my moms name) " he was very angry and i was upset by this point and after a long time we got bak on the road.
Hi, /r/survivorsofabuse!/r/MensLib has organized an Action Alert ([see the full post here](https://www.reddit.com/r/MensLib/comments/53fiq5/action_alert_so_you_want_to_volunteer_to_help_men/)) to help lower the barriers to volunteering, and we thought your community might like to be involved. Domestic violence shelters rely on a lot of volunteer assistance with the services they provide. However, each state has different requirements for volunteers, and these can be hard to track down. For this wave of our project, we're asking folks to pick a state, and do some research to identify these requirements. Once we've found them all, we'll put our list into a document that can be shared around to help make volunteering easier.Many thanks to the /r/survivorsofabuse mod team for allowing us to crosspost this. We're delighted that you want to help out, and we hope that you will join us on this project!-/r/MensLib
So I left my abusive ex almost 6 months ago now... for the last time. In a way, I'm proud that I haven't gone back to her, I barely even think of her or feel for her... But the aftermath is ruining me. We have a kid together, and I am trying to be the best father I can be. She manipulated the court, and got the majority of custody... and the abuse was completely ignored. To top it off, I've had financial hardship, barely making it every month, and now she's getting several hundred from me a month and the court did not care about my situation. I have probably have maybe 2... or 3 months left before my expenses overtake all of my savings. I also need to move in the next month or two, but I cannot afford anything. I've spent so much time looking for a place to live, and it's looking grim. I have one friend here, no family here (save for our child), and affordable house has an 8 year or longer wait list.To top it off, I have health issues, but I cannot afford to go to the doctors, despite having insurance. My car is a ticking time bomb, then next time it needs repairs, I'm entirely fucked. My credit cards are near maxed, and I cannot afford the payments... I'm deeply depressed a lot of the time, I've been struggling with suicidal and harmful thoughts... I don't know what to do, or where to turn. I feel out of options, and I fear that I will become homeless, and lose all my custody of my daughter. Maybe lose my job and go to jail for lack of child support payments. I need help... I have nowhere to turn. Even though I'm free... she already made it so that when I left, I would be in such a bad state, that I would either come back to her, or end up in exactly the situation I'm in now. And... part of me thinks that maybe I shouldn't have left.....I need help.
So, disclosing I'm a survivor is not something I do often, but I doesn't bring me the waves of shame and self loathing as much as this does:Whenever there's a rape/abuse scene anywhere: book, movie, wtv. I feel aroused. And I don't feel much anything sexual otherwise. Not like this.I feel so broken, so disgusting. I've only told this to one person and I'm not in contact with him anymore. I haven't even told my therapist. I just can't. This makes me feel so so so horrible.
I've been in a ldr for almost 2 years. He knows I have ptsd, but doesn't know it was from sexual abuse. I want to tell him, but every time I want to, the words just can't come out. Like theyre stuck on the tip of my tongue, trying to fight their way out, and a vacuum is sucking them back in. I want to tell him in person. Is there anything I can do to set up a situation or tone where it's easier to bring up? This is cross posted on r/abuse
I'm in recovery from childhood sexual, physical and emotional abuse. My mother and my husband's parents are detrimental to my healing. My mother verbally attacks me at every given opportunity (I try to make sure there are few as possible). She's an extremely sick and toxic person to me. I have no problem with cutting her off.  I love her but I'm done with her trying to tell me who and what I am. Especially when it's all lies.My husband's parents are completely clueless and blame our financial situation solely on the fact that I'm not working. I'm not working because I'm not functional. I'm sick and I'm trying to get better. Out of not knowing who else to talk to, my husband has said WAY too much to his parents. They don't like me anyway. Why I don't know other than I'm just not like them, they don't understand me, and I actually try to deal with my problems instead of shoving them down. They've treated me like shit for years, my husband  has refused to see it even though I've tried to make him aware of it as gently as possible several times over the years. Now, my husband loves me very much. But he is having a VERY hard time acknowledging that his parents are toxic to me. I'm basically constantly being reinjured by our families. My husband is all I have. He's the only person who I have ever felt unconditional love from. But I don't feel confident that he'll create a boundary with them that's healthy for me. I'm afraid. I will not let anyone keep me from healing. But I feel like I'm going to lose my husband and son. I'm terrified. My state of being is not my fault. I don't deserve any of this.
When I was 6, I wanted salt. My mom said no. Then I saw her get angry. She tilted my head back and poured salt down my throat until I vomited. She never did it again. When I was older, she kicked me in the stomach a few times until I couldn't breath. I remember grasping for air asking her to stop because I was having a really really hard time getting even a single breath. Getting kicked in the stomach that hard didn't happen again as an adult. She has repeatedly put me down by saying, "You're just like your father."Am I a victim of abuse?
Throughout my life Ive been abused in various ways by family, including sexually. I know of four people who molested me on various occasions but the thing is, even before all that happened I was showing signs of sexual abuse. I started masturbating at a very young age(honestly as far as i can remember) and have always been very sexual. I always had issues with wetting myself and I had rashes "down there" a lot, stuff that i know stems from abuse from my other experiences. The problem is that I can't remember. It had to be younger than 5 and I just feel like theres something I'm not figuring out. It upsets me a lot because I just know theres something I can't dig up. I just needed to get this off my chest. 
Trigger warning? Sexual abuseMy girlfriend recently told me about how she was sexually abused as a child. She was raped by her older (~18 at the time) brother multiple times when she was around 4, and maybe even before that. She also said she was manipulated into being kissed by him. And when she was 7 she was molested at least 3 times by her dad, with the last time being before Christmas, and then on Christmas, her dad asked her what she meant by 'Dad, stop' last night in front of all the relatives that came over. She just stayed silent out of embarrassment but what was sick was that he was smiling when he asked that, and none of the family members seem to even notice why that was such a weird thing to ask.Then around the time when my gf was in 7th grade she remembered everything that happened after her aunt came over crying to her mother because my gf's brother had apparently also sexually abused my gf's cousin. My gf wrote a letter to her mom because she couldn't say it out loud a little bit after her aunt came over and in the letter she told her mom about her dad and brother sexually abusing her. Her mom and her dad got into a fight right after reading that letter and my gf was caught in the middle. Her dad kept denying that it ever happened and that she was just making it up and being sick, and her mom was crying and asking if she wanted him to go to prison. Presumably she said no, because I checked and her dad isn't on the list of registered sex offenders, but her brother is, because her aunt reported it and he couldn't be in the same building with minors for a few years.Furthermore, she still lives with her family, including her brother and father. Her mom is now trying to deny anything relating to sexual abuse ever happened to her,  as just recently her mom tried to convince her that her brother was a 'good guy' and that her father was 'staying for her (my gf)' and is 'trying to be a better father', which isn't true at all. Her father is an asshole that doesn't do anything around the house except spend his paychecks on himself only. And that paycheck is more than enough to support the whole family, which is why they're so financially unstable. Overall, in my views of morality and even my gf's, there's nothing anyone can do to 'redeem' themselves after committing such a horrible act. I just don't think anyone in her family understands how sexual abuse as a child affects a person's psychological development tremendously.Not only that, but her entire family is emotionally abusive towards her, especially her mother, who gaslights her by taking out her anger on her and then flipping a switch and saying that she's sorry and that she's only rebuking her because she loves her. Everyone invalidates her, saying that she should stop being so sensitive, and that she doesn't have borderline personality disorder because it's not 'professionally diagnosed', and that she should stop being so sensitive and to stop crying so much. Shes walking on eggshells the entire time, and she even told me that her entire mindset when she's at home are ways that she can stay out of trouble.I was extremely distressed and angry about the whole situation. I suggested to her that she should tell the police or someone that could/is required to do that. But she said that she can't, because everyone in her family will hate her and she can't handle it. She can't move out either because she isn't old enough yet.However me and her talk all the time and I'm always there if something happens like if her mom yelled at her again and I'm always there giving emotional support and talking her through things. It does help a bit I suppose but I don't feel like it's enough because she's still stuck in her situation.tl;dr: Gf has BPD because of being sexually abused by her brother and father and the ongoing emotional abuse caused by her mother. She's still living with them, and cant move out because she's still in high school. I want her to get justice for her sexual abuse but she's afraid of being hated by her family and she already can't handle being hated by anyone.I want to get her out of the situation, as far away from her dad and brother at least, but I don't think I can (yet?) because she's scared to report them and can't move out. I don't know what to do. I'm sure there's a straight through plan for this but everything in her situation seems so complicated because she's still young and still depends on her family. Advice or help on what to do?
I get so turned around. Sometimes I can sit here a be so self assured that I'm doing a good job and trying my best at just being me. Then something causes doubt to set in-- even if I logically know I'm making a mountain out of mole hill, it just feels so hopeless. I get caught up in those terrible feelings of not being worth anything. The feelings trump the logic at the peak of it. I just want to sob. I find myself repeating the awful things that have been said to me on my own. I'm nothing, no one wants me, people just pretend to like me because they pity me.How do you deescalate when you're at the peak of that kind of hysteric outburst? How do you talk yourself down when you feel the build up to that kind of breakdown? I hate feeling like I'm really just a walking unstable mess underneath it all. I don't want to be that person you have to tip-toe around or that you look at go "Man, they have *problems*. Better steer clear".I really try to be logical about these kinds of things. I do think I've gotten better, but sometimes being logical doesn't cut it and then everything feels like an emotional relapse...
Today I realized that I really don't have a very good support system outside of my therapist whom I only see once a week. My parents don't know of the abuse and if they did I'm pretty sure they'd be shit help anyway.My partner is wonderful, caring and patient, but I can't even mention things without it triggering him/tanking his headspace which comes back later and makes the whole thing worse.I have two friends who both know of the abuse, and have offered to have my call whenever I need help/someone to talk to, but I can't do it without feeling extra shitty and guilty the next day for needing them and using them.In essence, if I need to talk to someone about anything abuse/past related I have to wait until Wednesday, or post on here or AfterSilence and hope I get a reassuring response. That's a lot of pressure to put on the interwebs.Anyone else ever feel like this? Like they have no support system and just putting it out there on the internet is really a shitty, but necessary option?
Basically, I was sexually abused by my father... And as silly as it sounds I just want to know if there are others like me.I'm honestly not sure exactly when it started, but what I do know is my father is addicted to pornography and is verbally, emotionally and physically abusive. He didn't bother to hide the porn from me or my sibling, and I often saw him masturbating, watching his porn, or I'd find it all over the desk. I remember him watching porn in the living room, and being able to hear everything from my room (my room was literally next to the living room). He'd comment on our appearance, he used to watch me bathe and help me, even when puberty started. (No sexual touching, but still) He'd tell me all the time about all the girls he wanted to fuck, and just about every weird story I didn't want to hear, but he'd tell us anyway. I honestly spent so much of my childhood thinking something was horribly wrong with me cause I thought so much fucked up shit. It left me very, very confused and I recall thinking how much of a freak I was cause my sexual dreams used to always have him in it. And course, cause he didn't try to hide it, I ended up watching the same shit he did at too young an age, and watching him it... makes me feel gross. My sibling doesn't remember much of it at all, but I do. It just bothers me a lot cause he had plenty of opportunities to do his shit when we weren't at his house, but he did anyway.I'm still really, really unsure how I'm supposed to feel. I don't visit him or live with him, and I avoid contact as much as possible but...It just feels like since I realized this, that I'll never look at him the same way. I can't stand him so much as holding my hand or hugging me anymore even.I'm kind of rambling a bit, but this has been on my mind a lot.
After a long two years of the judicial process my abuser finally has to face what he did. Last week I gave evidence and was cross examined, which was the hardest thing I've ever had to do. The jury came back this morning with a guilty verdict making it the best thing I've ever done. The feeling of relief is unreal and I feel so vindicated. I just wanted to share as this sub has given me a lot of support over the last couple of years and it's nice to share good news. UPDATE: The sentencing was this morning and he received 14 years, which due to sentencing guidelines for offences occurring at the time I was abused, is a heavy sentence. He also admitted and apologised to me in court. I can't describe how I feel right now. Vindicated is probably the closest word to it. Thank you to everyone who has offered me support and encouragement over the past two years, I am here for anyone who needs to talk. 
Sorry to bother everybody but would any of you be so kind as to help me figure this out? now I was spanked several times as a kid, sometimes light, sometimes I couldn't I couldn't sit down. Occasionally I was locked out of the house if I upset my father. A few times I was smacked awake from my sleep because I didn't do something my father demanded I do but had no possible way to do it. Once I was camping with my father when I was about 7 and it was just after new years so it was a very cold January night and I wet myself in my sleep like I usually did but this time on my father, he was angry, tore my clothes off and threw me out of the tent in the cold bare naked for 30mins before he let me back in the tent. I was once sick and throwing up and my father thought i was lying so he shaved my head, that wasn't the first time he did that either. If I misbehaved in a store then he would take me out of the store, beat me then we go home, sometimes he would make me chase the car around the parking lot before he would let me in. He's thrown me to the floor in public places, made me run around a baseball field in the summer for not playing well and many times I have been threatened with beatings and abandonment if I did not do what was expected of me of do things for him that were not my responsibility (nothing sexual, I assure you) I have had furniture thrown at me for minor reasons and he has threatened, attempted and a few time try to make me drown my cats, thankfully he never did that and my cats were safe. He forbid me from a dentist unless it was absolutely necessary and as a result my baby teeth rotted out and my permanent set has had 4 root canals. I have been belittled for everything I do and my parents controlled every thing about my life, if I like a certain type of music they would humiliate me, same if I spoke a certain way, dressed in anything they didn't pick out. I was left alone for many hours at a time and sometimes during storms and I wasn't properly fed and as a result I became skinny enough that you could see my bones, something I still have today. My childhood was a lonely one as my family pretty much hated me and thought of me as a mistake, combined with the fact I was kept from school and never made any friends and everything I know now, even reading and writing, I learned on my own There's more but these were the important things, plus I didn't want to take up too much of your time as I can see I'm venting too much as well. I just need to know if I was abused or not because it really messes me up but I feel like I'm over reacting if I talk about it. I'm now an 18 year old guy whose just pretty lost in the world. And thank you to anyone who took the time to read this.
So last year I realized I had been sexually assaulted by my grandfather, its weird bc I kinda had these memories but I never thought of them as a bad thing. It was just something that happened and I always thought about something else...but one night I started thinking about the time I swam with my grandfather and I remember him touching me underneath my bathing suite bottoms. A lot of my abuse happened in the pool because it was our favorite thing to do as a child. My parents divorced when I was 5 and it was a bad experience all around. So I spent a lot of time with my grandparents and I loved it. My grandma is the nicest most pleasant and fun person to be around and my grandfather was stern but had a great sense of humor. He always had something inspiring to say, he was very respected by my family but he has a dark side that I rarely hear about. Anyways, I think he was abusing me since I was a baby, from as far as I can remember I had an urge to rub myself down there. And it was always stinging and hot, my mom even noticed me "masterbating" as a toddler and no one asked any questions. (My parents were very self absorbed with their divorce to notice me) I often didn't eat breakfast and missed school a lot so I repeated kindergarten do to my inability to learn basic things. I remember crying a lot and looking at the clock as a child and touching myself in school. I believe there was some sort of meeting with my parents at the school because of this but nothing was done. I remember when I was around 5 or 6 I told him to stop and I didn't like it. I also remember running away from him as a child and thinking to myself he can't get up much so keep moving. Anyways there is a lot more to this story but basically I am having flashbacks of my past childhood, anything sets it off. Smell of certain food or cut grass (I lived on a ranch) or hearing certain things (tv, songs and sayin's) and most recently when my bf of 2 1/2 yrs  touches me sometimes. I am 24 with three beautiful kids and a stable life. My anxiety is so out of control I can't physically be around people (often my family) so I lay in bed and cuddle my pillows and the depression comes in and I cry and cry...migraine (suffered since childhood) I physically hurt a lot, I can't be happy when I am wake up. I have suffered from depression and anxiety for a very long time...I want help...I was seeing a therapist but I cannot afford to go for a while. But I want to be happy and I want to move on. Sometimes I feel like I am going insane! I also have OCD and I have to do certain things before I can talk to someone or move on to my next task. Like when I pack my kids lunchboxes, I have to check them and look at their snacks in the pantry and fridge and organize them a certain way. I overly control small things in my life and when something doesn't go my way I overreact and emotionally freak the fuck out. Seriously, if I get embarrassed I literally feel the insult on my body, and it leaves a cold pit in my stomach ( I can't take a joke) and I often over think social interactions with strangers. My self esteem is shot and I hate what I see in the mirror a lot...I need help...its hard when I am trying to be a mother, partner and worker. Some days are good but some are pretty bad...how can I move on?
This is one I wasn't sure I was ever going to write about. One I don't want to relive even in my head. This is the scariest post I've ever written.http://monikahmay.blogspot.com/2016/09/the-day-i-was-raped.htmlPlease feel free to check out any other of my posts about the abuse I went through and How I have survived today! 
The content of this post is graphic. Don't read it if you don't want to read that.I was only in middle school when this had happened. I can't remember exactly what age but I was in either 6th or 7th grade. At the time, I was stupid and very confused, I was at that cringy age where I would still play toys occasionally, but I'd turn around and masturbate and not know what the stuff coming out my dick was. Well anyway, I've always been interested in porn and nudes because I had this sudden uncontrollable attraction to girls, and I expressed it this way naturally, I guess. I remember the only thing to have to look at pornographic content was a Nintendo DSi, and, of course, I could only see photos on it. But then my parents said we were getting a computer. I was so excited that not only would I be able to play Minecraft on PC (fucking cringy), I could watch porn when I'm home alone. Well to my luck, the day we got it, it ended up being set up in my brother and mines' room. And a few days after, I was home alone. So I thought I'd take that special time to not watch regular porn, but to find some horny hoe on Omegle. I should've known better that regular people usually don't just exploit themselves on the internet like that.So I begin searching through the users up there, of course mostly coming across ugly men only who would skip the chat instantly. And then I found one user, where all I could see on their webcam is a bed, and no person. And I was confused and of course texting them in the chat, because I was too shy to talk on camera, but not so afraid to reveal myself, oddly. I guess because I was too shaky, for it being my first experience on that kind of internet thing or whatever. I have that same shaky feeling just talking about this now. Anyway, the user responds telling me that they were a girl, and they would show themselves on the webcam if I showed them my dick first. Being stupid and not realizing that this was probably some sick dude behind out of site, I do as they say and reveal my dick, standing in front of the webcam completely naked. I continue talking to them, and they ask me to do more, stroke off, etc. I start feeling weird about this since they weren't showing themselves yet, and that's when a hand holding a camera appears in front of the screen, showing several pictures taken of the webcam screen that they have in front of them, all of the pictures obviously of me. They said if I didn't do what they said, they'd upload them on the internet. I was absolutely scared out of my mind, and submitted to what they wanted me to do, to only so far. They asked me to bend over and reveal my asshole, and I did. They then asked me to hit myself. I hit myself in a fake way, falling to the ground and crawling up to the computer. I know that was stupid, but I didn't know any better. I decided to get out of the situation, telling the user that I would report them to the police. Of course I didn't, I not only didn't think about the fact that police couldn't do shit about this, but also my parents would find out about it, that was my worst fear about it. So I then ended the conversation with the person. I still never saw the face of that sick molester. I'm pretty sure it was a male, and they were just some pedophile. But knowing now about all of these deep web sites and how easy it is for people to distribute and get away with that shit, it unsettles me to know that there may be pictures of my young former self out there in the world, for some sick weirdo to jerk off to.Ever since, I've been afraid of any kind of video chatting, or even simply talking on the phone with people. I just hope that pervert hasn't gotten any other victims, or was caught and taken to prison, or anything as such. This world is crawling with sick people and they need to not exist anymore. People like that don't get better suddenly. I get scared of the internet all the time, in the back of my head, thinking someone may be watching me through my webcam, or maybe they tracked me down and are looking through my window, taken footage of me in my daily private life. I'm in college now, and I always feel like someone is watching me, or could easily find out about my information and destroy my life even here on the surface on the internet. I just wish I could go back in time and stop myself from doing that shit so I could feel like I can live a regular life today. I've never experienced any physical sexual abuse or really any abuse, but this was enough to scar me for life.I've never told anyone I knew in real life about this incident, or my feelings on this kind of thing, and those who I have told over the internet, I don't even think I talk to them anymore. I just needed to get this story off of my chest as much as I could. Thank you to anyone reading this and understanding this situation. I know it's not as bad as what other people go through, but it's not a contest, and everyone has a story or stories of their own.
I don't know what to do. I saw my rapist / abuser on FB and started to get flashbacks. I'm an OSDD system and two protectors are trying to calm me down but nothing is working. I need something to distract myself with. I don't know what. I'm shaking a little.
I've been physically and emotionally abused most of my life until I was about 17. I'm 24 now.I'm finding that if my friends or boyfriend accidentally hit me, step on my foot, hurt me in any physical way, I get very hurt feelings. My reaction within seconds is to cry and break down.I don't want to react that way when someone accidentally hurts me. I don't want to make them feel even worse for something they didn't mean to do. Also, I have one friend who used to jokingly hit me (who is a woman my age) and I kept telling her to stop. But I got so frustrated one day I actually hit her back. I never want to respond that way again. She's still my best friend of course and she now understands. Do any of you struggle with this too? Do you have any suggestions?
OK. Context. When i was a kid my father whad some inappropriate behaviors. And I realize that for him, it was nothing. It was just a joke. It makes me so angry to realize that now. He would pin me down and forcibly try to kiss me. I'm in my bed, he's on top of me, kissing me. And I'm fighting him. I'm kicking and screaming. But to him it's a joke. He made comments just to see how i would react. We were swimming in the pool and he'd say: i know you tried to look at my penis under the water. He showed me pornographic pictures, he asked my sister if she knew how to masturbate. And he probably didn't even realize what he was doing wrong. He still thinks it's nothing. My mom is just starting to realize what it was like. She's babysitting and she sees how he's acting with the kids. When i was a kid she was working nights. We told her, but she did nothing. And it happened day after day. I'm so pissed. I don't know what to do with the anger. 
Right now the things that my parents did seem mild. Maybe because I’m no longer too traumatized to interact with my dad (although I still won’t be alone with him). Also maybe because I just read some posts in the raised by narcissists group. But I wanted to write about my mom ...As a kid and teen I never felt particularly smart. I think I probably felt that way because of stories my mother or our family would tell about her as a child. She interviewed their neighbors, wrote a neighborhood paper and sold it for five cents to all the neighbors when she was five. She bought a book on Russian and taught herself when she was a kid. As a teen she became a counselor at a summer camp where only Russian was spoken, worked at another camp where they spoke only Chinese, went to Germany for a year as an exchange student, where she became so fluent and had so little accent that Germans thought she was German. My mother told me that she didn’t need her parents to teach her discipline, she had it naturally. I felt like I could never finish things. I was homeschooled, which was mostly fine. Once I wanted to write a paper on legends, though. She sort of goaded me on until I was making plans to read primary sources, and then of course the project was way more than my teenage self could manage and I never finished. And she let me abandon it, rather than helping me finish or helping me get it back to something manageable. She never insisted on me sticking with something that I was learning or trying to do.She didn’t want to come across as biased against my dad (they were divorced) so she didn’t interfere on my behalf. Once she heard my dad calling me a waste of space (in more words than that), and later mentioned it to me with a comment along the lines that she was letting me see for myself what he was like or make choices for myself about our relationship. I can’t remember it exactly, but it was something dispassionate that made it seem like the proper response to fairly severe verbal abuse is to not respond and calmly think to yourself that now you know. (As opposed to, I don’t know, defending yourself or your daughter.) For my dad to feel involved in my homeschooling he got to handle history. My not doing the work for that subject was the reason that he was calling me a waste of space, or waking me up swearing at me when I overslept, or yelling at me in his room, and my mom didn’t do anything about it. Probably because she didn’t want to have to fight with him about my education.During my relationship with my first boyfriend there was only one time that my mom ever set a boundary, and that was when he and his girlfriend (we were poly) at the last minute wanted me to move to a city a 6 hour drive away from home with them for the summer. Even then my mom said that she said no because I seemed clearly unhappy about the idea of going even as I was considering it. I stayed out til all hours with them when they came to visit (one time I had to call my dad to pick me up at an IHOP in the middle of the night because we’d had a huge fight), and when we did come home we (the three of us-- me, my boyfriend, and his girlfriend) would all sleep in one bed. I went on at least one long trip to visit them (they lived about 8 hours away), from which I have hellish memories (my boyfriend’s girlfriend -let’s call her A- was very controlling and abusive of both of us). My mom wasn’t aware enough of what was going on with me to realize that I would stay up til dawn talking to them on the phone when A was angry with me, which wasn’t infrequent. In fact, my mom had suggested herself that I move into the basement studio apartment (with its own separate entrance and kitchen and bathroom) for the summer and work and pay rent and experience living on my own (albeit in the same building as my family). I was sixteen at the time. She told me that she had expected me to move out when I was sixteen, pointing out that one of my mentors (the mother of one of my friends) had moved out at that age. It didn’t seem like she was pushing for it, just that she was surprised that I didn’t. (As a note: I don’t think that my mom was necessarily wrong to allow me to sleep in the same bed as my boyfriend, it’s just that that was the least of it, I guess. It’s a pretty liberal stance, and she took it without seeming to pay attention to what that relationship was like.)Anyway, I grew up in a group house, and around that time a 32-year-old (ie twice my age) man moved in with us. He became close with the whole family. He was present for the gigantic fight when my father didn’t want me and my mom to try to get a restraining order against my then ex-boyfriend (of the previous paragraph) who was stalking me and making vague references online to wanting to beat me, put me in a coma, and kill me. In fact, this man (Let’s call him B) was the one who suggested the restraining order. And when I stormed out of the house my mom and dad were facing down and B was the one who followed me and walked with me. I would go to B’s room to watch movies and talk with him. The week after I turned 18 it became sexual. We kept it a secret for months. When I finally did tell my mom she was completely okay with it. (I had to compare this to TV and movies to realize that it’s not quite right. For example, a Modern Family episode in which Haley, as a young adult, goes out with an older guy she met at her work -and not as a part of her household when she was 16- and it makes her father absolutely crazy. Basically my mom put her stamp of approval on B grooming me.)So that’s my mom. Then there was her boyfriend. He lived with us as long as we lived in that house, longer than I can remember. He didn’t really take on parenting roles. He’d take me and my younger sister to theme parks or game halls sometimes, so I guess he acted more like an uncle. Usually he was very calm and reserved. But very (very, very) occasionally he would get mad, and then he would get really really mad. He would shake and practically foam at the mouth. Once my sister played a computer game without permission and he got so mad that he yelled and broke the CD the game was on (on purpose, like to teach a lesson). I think my mom probably saw that and didn’t say anything about it, too, but I don’t really remember. It scared me a lot, I still really dislike thinking about it.Sorry this got so rambly and I used way to many parentheses. I'm still figuring this all out, would appreciate any comments ... Thanks for reading.
I don't really know where to post this, so I'm starting here. I wanted to talk to some survivors who might be able to offer some insight and help he navigate the complicated situation I'm in.My mom was recently contacted by her brother, who was No Contact for 10+ years. He was reaching out to wish her a happy birthday, and to try and work towards developing a relationship with her again. This brother was /not/ abusive, they had a great relationship when she was young and had always been very hurt when he went NC after finding out she came forward with the abuse she went through at the hands of her oldest brother. She believes that the reason he went NC was because he also suffered abuse but wasn't ready to accept it. It's clear from his behaviour he was dealing with some serious demons of his own.Anyway, I was there on her birthday and listened to the voicemail he left for her so she didn't have to, relayed the message, and got back to him over text message basically letting him know that she got it and was thankful but not ready to speak with him quite yet. The whole thing really fucked her up, brought up a lot of old pain, etc. And to add insult to injury, he only referred to her by her "old" name.Over 10 years ago she legally changed her name after going NC with her abuser and coming forward with all the things he'd done to her. This was her way of getting away from him and his influence permanently. As you might guess, he started the smear campaign and used manipulation to convince pretty much everyone in her family that she was crazy/vindictive/lying/etc. She changed her name specifically to escape him. Which is why it's so hard for her to be called by that name, and for her brother, who she wants to have a relationship with, to call her that.So, he's tried to reach out a few more times since her birthday and yet again, calls her by the old name, which is just putting daggers into the whole thing and making her less likely to get in touch. I really want to help. I don't think her brother intentionally ignored the abuse, I am on the same page as her and think he has his own abuse to come to terms with. I want to help them be able to talk again and work through some of this stuff so she can have what she has always wanted so desperately... To have a family again. To have a brother she can be close with again.I reached out to him and mentioned that, going forward, he should only refer to her by her chosen name, as the old one revictimizes her. But I don't know if I'm even going about this the right way. Should I even be encouraging her to reconnect? Is it just building false hope that she will some day have a family again? Should she just keep that door closed and continue to work towards emotional and spiritual peace? I'm so torn right now. I just want her to be at peace. It's taken many long nights of talking for me to even get her to realize that there are so many other people who've gone through this and are openly talking about it. I don't want all the progress we've made in not feeling like she's some sort of pariah for being sexually abused to go down the tube because he might selfishly want to just be able to say he has a sister again.... ugh.Any insight would be greatly appreciated! <3
http://youtu.be/Mjs5vkX3JGg?list=PLaZuiYWVs26pcc_aaBwSAp_3Ru8bzhJOU
My sister and I basically grew up in a horror movie. Sometimes she seems to remember, as she'll ask me about particularly gory flashes of memory, but most of the time, she believes we have had a very normal childhood. I cut ties with my family a little over a year ago upon remembering the first glimpses of what actually happened when we were little, and now my sister has been pretty mean about it. She says I'm sick and need help, etc. But I'm the only one in my family who has ever really been in therapy. I feel like I'm rambling, but basically cutting ties is already hard. This is making things a lot more difficult. Anyone else cut ties but still maintain contact with siblings? If they forgot the abuse, did they ever remember? 
So I'm going back to school this semester, but I don't feel like I'm totally ready. I still have a lot of depression and anxiety, I didn't do too well last semester because of it. How do I keep my depression in check so that school doesn't overwhelm me? I really don't want a repeat of last semester.
*I just want to warn you this may be triggering to survivors of rape and incest.*So, I plan on sharing my story, or at least parts of it, at a later date but for now I just need to get the nightmares I had last night out of my head. Just to give a little bit of background I was abused sexually, physically, verbally and emotionally by my parents (mostly my father) from the age of 5 until I was 17.Last night I had a nightmare that I have had several times and that I can never seem to shake off quite as easy as the others. It always starts the same where I'm in a dark room and I hear him come in like he had done so many times in my life. I see nothing but his smile and his eyes that turn blood red as he causes me more pain. The pain sticks with me. I can feel it when I wake up and although I know it was only a nightmare it takes hours and sometimes days for it to fully disappear. Even worse than the pain though is when I wake up I can still see his smile and eyes. In my nightmares I guess my subconscious makes him more of a physical monster, so I can lie to myself that it was all just a nightmare. Unfortunately, I know it wasn't and I just want the nightmares to stop so I can continue to heal and move forward with my life. 
I just remember this  incident with my dad. It popped up in my mind so i'll tell it. to be warned some of it i don't remember.(this was from  when i was about 5-8 i don't t remember  very well since it was awhile ago) So one  time, me, my mom and dad where at Best buy for a event. two baseball players from our local team where signing autographs and i was excited, along with the huge line of people going from the front of the store to the back by the registers (by the door too, that show long it was!) Anyway, my mom had promised me i could buy the wii game (Warioware smooth moves) i wanted since, i had money with me.Now, know that my  dad heard this conversation both in the car and in the store so he would have forgotten. When we got to the point where the games where my mom ran to the bathroom (or maybe to get he camera to take pictures of me getting my  paper signed) I grabbed the game i wanted and we moved ahead in line a bit. This is where it got weird. My dad said "you tricked me into getting that game" and complained when my mom got back. She said nothing, not wanted to ague with him. Long story short we got the checkout, got the autograph signed  got a free cookie (or three) and went on our way. He complained to me too when we got home because, like he thought i "tricked him into getting the game" when my , dad and i talked about it all the way there. I didn't play the game that day since i was worried the was going to bring it up if he saw me playing it , and cause me anxiety to play it. ( i eventually played it a week or so later) The thing is he was smiling even  though he seemed generally mad  when he said i "tricked him" i think he just wanted me to get in trouble with my mom.(hopefully this wasn't too long, and in the wrong   place)
Hello everyone, as the title indicates, my brother molested me a fairly long period of time ago. I do not know where to go, but I have spent nine years pretending these events never occurred and am entirely fed up with the ordeal. Here's a quick run down of my story, and what I have done in attempt to make progress in solving it.Back in the first grade, when I was six years old at the time and my brother four years older than me, making him ten, he had lured me up into my father's bedroom and stripped me naked, I will not elaborate what took place but you get the picture. This happened two more times, once in grade two when I was seven, and the final time where I was in grade three and nine years old. At the time I was very young and had no idea what he had done to me, but he got aggressive when I had attempted to tell our parents of it and I attempted to pretend like nothing ever happened.Nine years later after the first instance of this happening, I have finally confided to my mother of what my brother had done to me. After a long conversation, she told me she would take me to a therapist, which I refused, and after the initial conversation she continues to get angry at me for refusing to associate myself with him. My mother has very strong/ possibly religious views of family, and seems to be simply ignoring the fact that this has happened and is attempting to, "keep together her family," as she has told me on multiple accounts I am apparently ruining it.I would like to refrain telling my father of the story, but my mother seems to be simply trying to sweep this incident under the rug, and would much rather just deal with this incident confidentially, and is offering me no help besides the offer of therapy, which I do not believe will help me, as I have come to accept it but do not want to have to be around this person anymore.Some additional information is that my brother is now nineteen and in college, my parents are no longer together and my mother holds custody over me, and that from what has happened so far, my mother will be trying her hardest from this information from reaching anyone outside my family.I am now fifteen years of age and the last case of an act like this happening took place over six years ago. I do not want to continue living, or interacting, with my brother, but I do not believe my mother willing to help as she just wants us to make up, and I fear my father may act similarly upon the situation, but he may be able to help. I don't know what to do from here but a restraining order or a similar outcome would be greatly relieving, but I am not sure of the other options I may be able to pursue or how I could accomplish anything with my mother most likely going to deny me the possibility of such actions. What should I do?
A really good friend of mine was essentially physically abusing me. In my opinion it never got "really bad" ie I only remember having bruises once, and being hurt a little seems nowhere near as bad as being sexually abused (which I also have some experiences with). I haven't seen this friend for a whole year, although we emailed for a while when I was trying to get him to understand that what he did was wrong.Anyway, I've reached the point that I don't really feel a desire for physical touch or romantic intimacy. I sort of feel like I don't have feelings about what this guy put me through, even though talking about it with others has made me realize that it wasn't nothing, and that he was a predator who spent a fair amount of time befriending me and getting me used to him pushing my boundaries so that he could go further and further. I also avoid thinking about the fact that it wasn't purely physical abuse and that there were a number of times that it seemed that hurting me was sexual for him.But anyway, the closest thing I have to feelings at the moment is that I've been feeling sick to my stomach today after writing about it. I'd really appreciate hearing from anyone else who has had this kind of experience ...
So, i thought i'd share this  because, i need to get this outMy dad had always been nice but, had some movements that made me worry for my safety.  He, threaten to kill me, screamed at me  for no reason, and overall thinks I'm a brat. i'm going to be honest i used to think he was right, then later i realize he was just manipulating me.  Heres some things that happened. ( 1. When i was about seven he sprayed me with computer spray ( the stuff that had tons of chemicals) And i cried to my mom because it hurt. my mom glare at him but he thought it was the funniest thing.( 2. he has a outburst screaming at me at a store for thinking i "hell" instead of "heck" even though, it sounded nothing alike(2/2.  threatening of hurt/kill me infront of my mom (she didn't notice)(3. he screamed at the top off his lungs and  accused me of saying "your annoying" my mom defending me. I was embarrassed  because we where at a restaurant and everyone stared. (4. yelling at me for asking simple things like, asking him to  wash his cup because i already washed mine and i had to brush and get pajamas on.And he had a plate and a cup and he angry said my name under his breathIm 15 and hoping to find a collage with a dorm  (when i turn old enough) so i don't have to see him very often. (Hopefully this wasn't too long or weirdly laid out like i said i just needed to get this out)
Background: I am a 18 year old female and when this happened I was in 5th grade, don't know what age. My mom got a boyfriend that she literally picked up while he was hitchhiking(when I was in third grade). He was a complete dickhead. We caught him doing meth once and one town we lived in me and my mom had to completely leave town because I guess some people were after him, probably for drug money. Which was sad because I had some really good friends there, one of which I reconnected with years later.Anyway in fifth grade my mom and him were living in a winnebago in some people's backyard. Luckily for me there was a little girl living there and we played all the time when I would stay there (I stayed with my dad other times, divorce crap,). My mom's boyfriend (who's now dead, thankfully) was seriously creepy and when I would stay at the winnebago I wouldn't be able to sleep well because it was freezing and I felt terrified. (Granted I was terrified of a possible Bigfoot more than him)So one day I guess my mom got tired of him for awhile, because we were leaving and he's of course being an asshole and yelling. I pick up a rock or beer can and act like I'm going to throw it at his car, (because his car was his baby, the big pussy). He gets mad and walks out of the winnebago. I get in the car on the front passenger seat.My mom didn't get in so I locked the door, because I actually have survival instincts unlike her, he then acts like he wasn't actually gonna do anything. Note that I hadn't actually thrown anything at his car just kind of threatened to. He acts innocent so I unlock the doors so my mom can get in, because at this point I just wanted to leave.As soon as I do he pushes my mom aside, opens the door of the drivers side, grabs me by the shirt sleeve (short sleeved shirt) and pulls me out through the drivers side door and proceeds to kick me in the stomach multiple times. (I don't remember what he did to my mom at that time because as far as I'm concerned it's her fault and I don't care) We eventually get in the car, go to my dad's and call the police. (I don't remember if they actually showed up or not. I was too hysterical.)However the thing that bothers me most is I went to school with a bruise on my arm the size of a Ritz cracker, my teacher saw it and asked what happened, I remember I told her my mom's boyfriend did it. I also remember she didn't call child welfare or anyone. She shouldn't be teaching.Sorry if this is kind of long, I typed it as I was remembering it. First time I've remembered it all at once and not just certain parts. This was very hard to type. I didn't want to remember it. This experience gave me a few mental problems (not serious though) and an eating disorder I am still working on.
this is very long, very wordy, and very...hard to talk about. i dont know if trigger warnings are okay on reddit--but i talk about alcohol, rape, child abuse, drug abuse. i've changed names here too, so no one in the post is really named what ive called them. i'm sorry this is so long, and if it needs to be taken down, i understand. i grew up in an abusive home. i didnt see it that way at the time--because when you're young and you're punished with physical violence, or locked in your room until school hours or bathroom breaks, you think it's normal. it's part of your day-to-day, it is what it is, and nothing can be done about it because you're not allowed to have a voice. my life from age 4-8 was a bedroom, a school, a bathroom, and sometimes my father's apartment. my mother was involved with a man that wasn't stable, abused drugs, and sexually abused me. he beat her, he stole from her, and he held his son in high regard in front of me--he taught me that i was lesser simply by existing, and i wasn't allowed to ask for things because i wasn't a person. my mother didn't know about the abuse. we were low on money, low on options, and i would go hungry often--but that's what it was, and it's all i knew, and my mom was doing her best to keep me alive--so i said nothing. i was taken from her when i was almost 9. children's services found out what was happening, and i was taken and given to my father--who tried, until he didnt, and became horribly bitter and angry because despite the fact that i was a child, i couldnt accept help. all i had known was a broken home, violence, and no voice, and i was a very messed up kid. i was scared, i had an unhealthy relationship with food, a dangerous viewpoint for a 9 year old to have about sexuality, and a fear of large spaces and loud noises. i was afraid for my life, and i didnt know how to accept help--and he was angry. he blamed my mother, in front of me--and there was nothing i could do to stop him. you don't disagree with a man like my father. you dont talk back. he was nice when he wasn't saddled with the responsibility of my mess--but when he found out i was chipped and cracked, he didn't know how to help, and he got mean. when kids are abused, they're more likely to act out--and i went from one abusive home to another. i know now that it was abuse  with him too--because he didn't ever beat me the way my mom's ex did, but he knew how to use his words, and his presence. when you're a grown man--big, imposing, gruff, seen some shit, done some shit--your presence is a weapon. when my father gets angry, people back away--they respect him out of fear before anything else, sometimes; i was 9 years old, and he would always tell me he was upset with my mother, not me--but i would be who he took it out on. he would yell, and he would be vicious. he would call me and my mother names, throw things, tell me i was ruining everything. he couldn't have relationships because of me--because i was so messed up. he couldn't bring friends over--because i was rude. he gave up job opportunities for me, to take care of me--and i was an ingrate. i wasn't using the tools i was being given to get better, i was letting my mother manipulate me. i was just like her. i took the medication the doctors put me on to stabilize my mental state--but it turned me into a zombie. no one ever tried to take me off of it, and it took a long time for my body to learn to fight through the fog and give me my mind back.i began acting out worse--getting in trouble at school, not making friends, and my mental health took a serious toll on my life; conversion disorder is what i was given as a diagnosis. i had experienced such significant trauma in my childhood, the doctors said, that it was manifesting physically, and i was making myself sick. i experienced delusions--suffering from what i believed to be broken bones from minor injuries, horrifically sick when i had the sniffles. i got sick when i was 10, and it was real, and scary--continuous vomiting, fever, chills; i couldnt think, i could barely speak, and it took a week and a half before anyone stopped it with medication and let me eat again. i had been sick, for real--and no one believed me. they were used to me 'faking it', and my father had been vicious at my mother, telling her i was seeking her attention again and it was her fault. i'm still afraid to be sick.the first time he drank, i was 12. i knew he'd been to AA before--i knew he'd gotten away from a habit that had devastated his life--but i didnt know he would come back to it. he drank often, and much--and when he was drunk, he was looser with his anger. it would turn into shoving me against walls and rushing towards me until i was cowering, holding a fork in my hand in the kitchen because it was the only thing close to me and i was afraid. he was supposed to be the safe space--and i was afraid of him. he would sober up, and sleep it off, and we wouldnt talk about it. i dont think he would remember, but my body did. he wouldnt remember shoving me, or screaming in my face--but i would carry bruises under my clothes like battle wounds. i started self harming. i never told him it was because of him. i would cut my arms, my legs--and let myself bleed until i felt calm again. self harm is a finicky thing--and its something you can get addicted to. i did it for a year, and was caught at school--thirteen years old and sent to the inpatient ward at the hospital. they didnt do anything for me. they watched to make sure i stopped, gave me coloring books and jello, and told me i could leave in a few days--and i didn't want to hurt myself the whole time i was there, until i considered that i would have to go home to my father. he stopped drinking so much. it was still happening, and i was angry at him--and i started to act out. i stole, i lied, i made messes and wouldn't clean them up--i started to let my anger win. he still blamed me for not using the help i was given, and we were at a tricky balance of anger and fear, until he got sick. children's services were involved in my life, even then--i had a worker that would come once every month or so to look in on me, and i was 14 when my father was told he was diabetic and immediately turned to children's services to ask them to help with me. i was out of control. i couldnt be grounded--i wouldn't listen. i was still stealing, still lying, and i hated myself for it. i was still hurting myself, he was still drinking. nothing was different--except now, he'd had enough. only his side of the scale mattered--because when my side became too much, i would hurt myself. when his side became too much, he sent me away. i lived in a group home for six months. they tried to help as best they could--but when youre a kid and youre angry, you don't always care. i didn't always listen, i lied, i snuck out--at first. i was being shifted again, carted to a new place, a new life, where no one would listen and i was sure they would all be furious with me for not knowing how to accept help--just like my father. there were people there--kids, adults, people to spend time with that didn't drink, didn't get angry when i couldn't listen. no one shoved me around. we were given healthy meals, and i was taught how to be good. how to take care of myself. i went home a while after, and i fell apart again. we moved, and i met my first real group of friends. nicole and her posse welcomed me easily--and they were another group of people my father didn't want me around. drinking, drugs, sex--i did none of those things, but they did, and he knew it. nicole's brother ended up being my first boyfriend. his name was dan, and everyone warned me to stay away from him. nicole, his mother, his father and stepmother--everyone said he would mess me up. they were right--but i didnt listen.he was nice--at first, like older boys tend to be to 14 year old girls that just want to be loved. he was a predator, and he became abusive quickly--marking something i had become familiar with in my life; "if they love you, they will hurt you". it started with words, then with manipulation, and violence, and violating my consent. through the time i was with him, dan and i only had consensual sex three times. i remember each one, and all of the times they weren't consensual, i didn't count. i wanted a number for what i thought mattered--not what i was taught didn't.i was fifteen when i ended up pregnant. i didn't tell anyone--i didnt even know until i went to the hospital because of severe lower abdominal pain and they did blood tests to figure out if i had any diseases or infections. turns out i was pregnant--and i couldn't handle it. i told dan i didn't want a baby--i was fifteen! i had a life ahead of me, and i couldn't raise a child--and he got angry. when he beat me that time, he went for my stomach--and i don't remember much, but i do remember being told the following day at the hospital that i had lost the pregnancy. i had wanted to look at adoption--and one of the things my body was designed to do best, as a female, i had failed. i couldn't make my mother choose me, i couldn't stop my father's drinking and anger--and i couldn't do what i was made for. i was put back into a group home. that time went differently--i remember things getting messy early there; i didnt want to be there, and the staff that remembered me as a softer, quieter child that had anger issues that were manageable, now found themselves facing a young terror that deemed herself invincable. i lied, i snuck out, i spent my time and money keeping dan happy--but no one noticed the abuse. no one noticed when he kidnapped me and kept me in his basement for two weeks. no one noticed the bruises, and the anger, and the quiet i was becoming. they all noticed when i was found in his basement and he was taken to jail for what he did to me. he's still in jail, now, but he still has affects on my life--i have severe ptsd that i'll likely never get away from, because of him.ive been in a few relationships since then--all abusive. all of them either physically, verbally, or emotionally abusive, to the point where i had to leave. i'm 23, and i don't have a job. i didnt finish highschool. i don't have any friends in the area, i dont leave my house ever, and my father still drinks. he's still awful, still comes home and tells me he wants to shoot me in the head. he comes from a rough place; a childhood full of drugs and stealing and sexual harrassment--and he's in a business that is most definitely illegal now. i feel...i came here to this reddit because i dont know how to stabilize my life. i want a career, and a home thats safe and respectful and my own--but i dont know how. my father's life weighs heavily on mine; his past with drugs, his current things, his friends, his drinking, his motorcycle gang buddies. i dont know how to have my own personal boundaries--i overshare and have anxiety attacks about everything i do, and form unhealthy attachments to people and things that i like or admire. i told him i wanted to move out because of my own mental health, and he told me that offended him, because he's always good to me. i'm scared, and i dont know how to...be a person. i dont know how to move forward with anything. i'm sorry this is long, i just.need someone to suggest something to me, things that have worked for them, or. anything. 
Hi everyone. I'm needing some general advice with a very specific area of abuse in my life. Some inconsequential details are going to be changed, because this person also uses reddit. I really hope I can post this here. I subscribe to here on my main account, and I like the atmosphere of this little community. I am also not that comfortable with the Naranon and 12 step culture, so I really don't want to post there.My husband has been struggling about 2 years now with a heroin and meth addiction. We have a child together, and we've been married for quite a few years. The details throughout our struggles of the addiction are not relevant (and would only serve to identify me if he so chose to dig around). He's never harmed our child, although there are some times that he's come very close, but never harming him (or me) intentionally.Now we're at the present, and after all this struggle, I'm very nearly at the end of my rope. He has never been to inpatient treatment, but after arguing and debating and convincing, he made an appointment, and a friend I completely trust drove him to intake this week.For a short time now, I've begun to document: saving texts, taking pictures (such as needles left in reach of the boy), and very recently, audio recording...just in case. I really don't want to leave. I'm no longer in a state of shock, mourning my husband who seems to just be...gone. I'm numb and depressed.At the same time, why I'm posting here, is he's been so manipulative. Tactics he learned from his parents, things I went through with mine. After being independent from my parents for 10 years now, I can recognize fairly easily when I'm being manipulated, and how to identify emotional abuse. He succeeds at completely controlling the situation, any given situation. Controls the car, keeps me at home (stay at home parent), does not come home when promises or when we have plans, or I need the car for something, etc. Lots and lots of cold shoulder (that sometimes extends into days, and does not come home) and blaming, gaslighting, you name it. The problem is, I'm almost completely dependent. I am actively working to change that. Not only for our dire financial situation, but also for the "just in case". So although I can recognize it, there's not much I can do about it right now.What do I do when he gets out of the inpatient center? He and I are going to have a talk after he gets out. I'm going to say this bluntly here: if he can't get clean after this, I'm leaving. I'm going to say it nicer (but no less directly) to him. My brain is totally not working, I'm running on fumes. So friends, can you please be my brain for me? What should I ask him? What kind of "demands" should I make? How reasonable is it for me to demand complete sobriety? What sort of backup plans should I be making in the mean time?Have any of you been addicts? I understand it's a terrible thing, and I am so so sympathetic. If I were your spouse, how should I handle this situation at it's present point?I want to be clear. I don't want to separate unless it is the absolute last resort. I want him healed. I want our family back together. But I will not put up with this much longer. So, how do I go about making steps to leaving an abusive relationship? What do I do about the boy? I am not comfortable at all about giving him any kind of custody if this kind of thing is going to go on, but that means lawyers...and I am currently penniless because of all this. What kind of guidelines and consequences for violating those guidelines, should I make?  At present, I can't just walk away tomorrow, but give me two months and I can, if I have to.Thank you in advance for helping. I tried to keep this post low on the emotion, although I could probably fill a book with everything that's happened.I'll respond as I am able, but will most likely be tomorrow afternoon.
The incident that I'm going to talk about happened almost 4 years ago, but I still feel like I'm back in that position almost every night.Triggers for: rape, manipulation, physical abuse, and transphobiaI feel if I post about it, tell others, then I'll get some sort of closure. Some sort of peace. I'll make sure to censor my abuser's name. She'll be called "M" for this sake. I was 16 years old when I met her. This was before I came out as a trans boy, and I had newly discovered my sexuality. I was very impressionable and I couldn't process body language or sarcasm well...I still can't, but, I'm more aware now.I remember asking her out like it was yesterday. I was sitting in computer class. She had missed school that day because she was sick, and I had her number so I was texting her to cheer her up. I slipped into the text that I liked a girl, and after soft flirting back and forth on text, I asked her out. She agreed. I felt...excited.I had no idea she had abused someone before, and it was only after getting away from her did I know of the previous offenses. If only I had somehow known beforehand. I wish I was given a warning, or a sign, anything. The first couple of months were...okay. I met friends through her that I still talk to today (barely...). The first red flag happened at the mall. We went there a lot, just being in high school (i was a junior, she was a sophomore. she was just one month younger than me but I had started school earlier in another state). We were talking and walking around with another friend of hers, when suddenly I made a joke to them. M didn't like it. And in response to my bad pun, she punched me. Hard. I laughed it off, but it bruised. It hurt. She kept doing it after that day, her friend even got in on it, punching me if I said anything wrong. I never punched them back like they punched me. Looking back on it, I was so scared but I never voiced it.It's hard to notify when the abuse started, when it ended, what order it happened, etc. The abuse fogged my memory up, and I'm going to mention I have OSDD. So my memory on top of the foggy abuse is fucked anyway. But i know for a fact this happened, and I knew that she did this to me.M was very manipulative in our relationship. She hated it when we were at my house, because at her house she had more control over me. I didn't have my license, she did. She drove everywhere, sometimes locking me in the car if we were arguing so I couldn't get away from her.She threatened me a lot. Threatening me with self harm, suicide, leaving me, etc. She told me she was "slowly poisoning herself" with medication because I was abusing her. I didn't know what I was doing to her, I even asked but I never got an answer. I remember one instance, she locked me in her room with her during a fight (a 4 hr fight in the early morning) and harassed me to the point of a mental breakdown where i hyperventilated and shut down.She would laugh at me when I would get hurt. She would laugh when I tripped, or hurt myself on something, and then play it off as an impulse. But if I did it, I got screamed at and berated for thinking her "pain was funny".She lied all the time, to me, to friends and family. She told me my friends talked about me behind my back and hated me. She told me my parents hated me. She told me boys at school were flirting with her and she was considering leaving me for them if I didn't love her more.She told me one day she had Schizophrenia. She told me of the abuse she endured as a kid and that she took medication for it. She used this tool for the rest of our relationship (if i should call it that) to manipulate me into making me the bad guy in our arguements. She told me that the "voices in her head" were right and that I was a horrible person and that I hated her. It fucked me up really bad, still does to this day. Everytime she didn't get something she wanted, she would degrade me. She called me scum, garbage, useless, etc. I remember breaking down into tears over this, and she would just roll her eyes and tell me to get over it.After I came out as trans, she would use this to tell me to "stop crying because boys don't cry". She would also tell me "boys didnt shave" when i would shave, and other stuff.She raped me. More than once. I remember two accounts of this happening. The first, I was on my back, looking up at the ceiling with my pants and underwear off. She had grabbed something from the closet, and was in between my legs with it. I remember it being a bendy roller for hair, but very long and small around. She put it in me, and kept pushing it in. I was scared and panicked and told her it hurt. She didn't stop. I remember it going past my cervix, and that was pain I never wish to relive. It was so excruciatingly painful that I still feel ghosts of it today.The second time, we were on a trip to Iowa to visit her family members. I was 17 at the time. We got the bedroom in the basement. We were together intimately one night in the basement bed, when M offered to go down on me. Now, by my 17th birthday I was out as a trans man. I told her that my dysphoria for my genitals was really high, and that i didn't want to have oral sex. She ignored me, went down on me anyway despite my very clear "NO". I was scared, but instead of fighting with her, i pretended to enjoy it and tried not to break down.Now, when I came out as trans, I was pressured. M pretty much sat me down one day in her living room and asked me why I acted like a boy so much. I was confused, and shrugged and told her that I was a tomboy and liked playing video games. There was nothing there that told me I was secretly a man. To put it simply, she forced me out of the closet YEARS earlier then I was ready for. She forced me to come out. To. Everyone. Even my parents. She forced me into harsh gender roles despite my need to still do things MY way. The way I WANTED TO. She even told me I was abusing her because "i was a man now and men love abusing women". It hurt me, because I was being accused of abusing her when, and now I accept this, she was abusing me.She still tells people we were just toxic, and the last thing I heard of her she was telling people I was stalking her (i can't even pass the entry to her neighborhood without breaking down) everyday as well as spreading lies about her. Another abuser online who I knew contacted her in revenge, as I was coming out with her abuse online in honesty and to get something off of my chest. She asked M if she had raped me, and M said she didn't and that I was a known liar. This...pretty much put me in a lot of real life danger, as my abuser could try and turn this around on me and put me at fault for this...I've had almost 4 years to process this, but I still can't. No matter what kind of therapy I've been through. I think the only way for me to get past what she did to me would be to move far away. So i won't have to pass the streets that hold trauma for me everyday. My boyfriend has been there for support ever since but...god sometimes i don't think ANYTHING will help me now.There's other, horrible stuff she did to me but I just can't bring myself to explain anymore. I've exhausted myself having to rethink all of this.
I got out of a severely emotionally and psychologically abusive relationship a few years ago. I'm still having trouble trusting people enough to open up to them, and not expecting the worst of them. I expect everyone to turn on me, suddenly hate me, or leave me. How can I let people in and stop being so mistrustful?
So long story short - I've been emotionally and sexually abused by a former boyfriend, stalked by a person I met at work, and I've pushed a lot of my personal boundaries (even when I'm uncomfortable) in my healthier relationships. I've been trying to practice and figure out how to enforce my boundaries lately. Two different guys I just met - I mean literally just met trying to get sexual either on the first date or the first time we talk. So I explain that I wasn't comfortable with it and that I'd prefer we just get to know eachother first because I don't want to find myself in a physical relationship and that that sort of thing doesn't work for me. I'm talking about "lets watch netflix and cuddle" on the second date or flirty banter escalating to "send me pictures of yourself." So I put a stop to it, and I get messages telling me that I don't know them and that I'm judgmental. Both times I just explained hey I'm not looking for a physical thing - and both times they responded in similar fashions - why would you assume I just want a physical thing? I wasn't accusing them of anything - I told them that I wasn't assuming anything - that no way was a "right" or "wrong" way, that it just depended on the person, but for me that just didn't work and its not what I wanted. They responded in ways that made me feel like I was being crazy. I could tell both were pissed after that, and I couldn't tell if they were mad because I didn't give them what they want or maybe I was just being too confrontational? I don't know. But I tried to be assertive with what I wanted and I just ended up feeling like I did something wrong even though my brain is telling me that I didn't do anything wrong. Someone please help. 
Background/source of CPTSD: ongoing sexual and physical abuse as a child, abusive relationship, sexually assaulted around 20. I'm 24 now and have been with PTSD for over a decade. Adding more trauma along the way.    Recently a cousin of mine died. It wasn't particularly hard hitting on me personally. I was more empathetic towards my mother who was about 15 years her senior. My cousin was the only child of my moms now deceased brother. My mother babysat her and from what I remember early in life they were close.    So a few days pass and plans of services are made. Suddenly the obvious implications of the funeral hit me. I asked my mom if she was going to go and she said she had to find out if, "you know who" would be there.    To clairify, my aunt(maternal) is still married to my original (most feared) abuser. We'll call him G. The whole story is another mess that could fill pages. Basically, I spoke up told parents/authorities of the abuse. Was forced to tell my aunt who said she loved me and believed me. Never saw her again. Siblings don't believe me and hate me. Investigations were backed up and didn't have the option of procescution for a few years. When a trial was offered it was my senior year of high school and I would not have made it. Plus, they hired a PI to crucify me and I was definitely a troublemaker.    Anyway, my mom later informs me she will not go to the funeral because G will be attending. My mom later sent me a series of texts about how she's upset that she has had to miss her uncle's funerals and now this to a pedophile.    I realized it's all about control. He's still flexing his influence. I feel the weight of the power he's held and its suffocating me.    A friend told me she looked up his Facebook out of curiosity. I don't have one and can't lurk myself. I immediately said show me. I had to see. I saw his continuing success. The rich lawyer he had hired to represent him was on his top friends or whatever Facebook calls it. He's "friends" with my brother and my (deceased) cousin. Maybe they (cousin & G) were close and she hated me too?     How is my life continuing to crumble and he's posting pics of "G mans dogs". (An actual quote)    Since then I seem to be becoming even more sensitive to PTSD perceptions/reactions. Any form of male dominance sets me off. I can't stand to be near my brother whom I had made some kind of progress with. (Began acknowleding one another and were casual.)I want to attack him and scream but its futile and worthless. I feel like I can hardly leave my house. Isolation is getting worse. I don't even want to see my S.O.Paranoia is extreme and I'm trying to maintain sanity. (Literally trying to not fall into psychotic symptoms).    I don't know what to do. No one understands. I wanted to leave this here. If you took the time to read, thank you so much.I just don't want to feel so broken, empty and alone. I feel so weak and helpless.
I'll make this quick because I honestly never thought I would ever be here in the first place.I was molested by my pastor for almost 2 years from 9-11 years old.  He counseled me for my parents divorce, made me hate my dad.  The perfect manipulator, like they all are and like you all know.  It went to court and settled.  I testified in a preliminary hearing and he plead guilty to 20 counts (it's all they could prove) and he was sentenced to 29yrs. When I was 16, I discovered xanax.  Xanax ended up not enough so I added norco, then I moved on to oxy, then heroin.  I shot up dope till I was 20In the midst of the use I started recieveing $1,000/month with a yearly compounding interest of 3%.  All money went to drugs.  I had always had a job, until the worst of my heroin addiction.. but I never had any sense of money management.  I'm 27 now, and I STILL treat money like monopoly money.  A year after I got clean my father found out he had brain & lung cancer and I watched him die 2 weeks later.  He was an alcoholic and we went at eachother when I was using multiple times.  Thank god we were able to make peace in that last year. I am 6 years clean off of drugs now, I have a wonderful girlfriend of the last 2.5 years.  On the outside I look great.  On the inside is a different story.Until about 6 months ago I was okay with my easy going life.  I had tried several things and just resorted to working in restaurants, managing retail stores etc..  Now I want a life with my girlfriend.  She needs me to progress through mine in order to sustain our relationship.  This is when I realized that I am still fucked by the events from 16 years ago.  I thought I had beaten it.  I realize I'm a slave to it, and its pretty fucking depressing.Does anyone get it? Has anyone had any of the same problems?Sorry for being vague, I just imagine that everyones story in this sub is full of hardships and that you all can fill in the blanks to mine in between the details that I provided. 
  So, i had a friend who, about 8 years ago, would hit/hurt her for no reason. She would make ridiculous claims against, her at her even if she did nothing wrong  I was at her house, having a sleeping over when her mom came out and though she was playing a sexual game.  It wasn't, it was just a cat roleplaying live someone made on a game called roblox.(it was obvious, because our character was just in a field with no-one around us) The claim was disgusting.she said it was about  "sniffing butts" when there was nothing close to that. She screamed at her all while my friend tried to explain that it wasn't. She just kept getting angrier and saying do something else.My friend was crying and still trying to explain. I was worried for her, but i left soon after because i had a bloody nose from being scared/ worried for her. I didn't tell my mom because her mom and my mom where good friends and probably wouldn't believe me. I wondered if this, and maybe other experiences that she had with her mom caused her to lash out at me.The first was her trying to shut my game off even when i did do anything. When i told her "don't!" she said "why should i?" in a very angry tone. I was shocked and was kinda upset.The second was when we where sewing and she for no reason yelled at me for using fabric she didn't want me to use. I lost it and cried. She conforted me until i pushed her off. i Left quickly and tried not to tell anyone, because i didn't want her to get in trouble.In the end i feel guilty for not telling anyone.I hope this isn't too long i just needed to share this with someone.
My name is Wesley. I'm 15. I used to live with my mother, my younger brother, and my younger sister. This is my first post on this site. My buddy Jake told me to come here if I need some words of comfort. As you can probably imagine from the place I'm posting this, I was a victim of abuse from my mother and other people. I have so much to say, I dunno where to begin. I can't remember when it started. Probably when I was 9. My parents never married. They argued a lot when my brother and I were young. They were both junkies. My dad was a dealer, a wannabe Tony Montana. One day, he got sent to prison. My grandparents kicked my mother, my brother, and myself out. We went into a shelter program. We got relocated to a one bedroom apartment in the West Side. Why they decided to move a white single mother and her two young children to the West Side is beyond me. My school was all the way back in Glendale, so I always showed up late. Thankfully, my teacher and the principal knew of my situation and wouldn't punish me for it. I got bullied a lot by the older kids. Before everything, I let it happen. But after the move, losing my father, and my mother beginning to drink more, a lot of unchecked anger started to flow through. I became violent and angry. I was expelled from my after school program for slamming a 5th grader's head onto a lunch table. I was suspended from that school, Thomas Edison Elementary, 11 times, and I still wasn't expelled. My teacher and principal were that cool. I have to thank them someday. My mother and her old friend, Phil, got together. My mother became pregnant with my baby sister. This, combined with alcohol and my excessive suspensions, made her extremely moody and angry. I started fighting with her. A little 9-10 year old, fighting with his mother. What a spectacle. When my father got out of prison, we moved into a housing complex (Projects) in Long Beach called The Carmelitos. I hated it there. I went to Clara Barton elementary school. I hated it there too. The kids were mean and liked to mess with me. It was there that I learned about racism. I started to keep myself inside, because everytime I went outside, I would be confronted by a group of teenage black kids. They would beat me up. When I once asked why, they said it was because I was a white boy. My parents started fighting more and more. One night, my father came home drunk. He and my mother fought. He then looked at me dead in the eye and said, "I'm not your real father." The next day, I confronted my mother about this. She got angry and told me. The man who I thought was my dad, wasn't. Turns out my real father was a man named Jason, an abusive methhead. He would beat up my mother while she was pregnant with me. I remember crying that night. Huddled in a corner of the bathroom, just bawling. I decided to meet him. Big mistake. Let me just say that he didn't change. He was still violent and angry. One day, at home, I was playing video games. I heard screaming upstairs. I went upstairs, opened my parents door, and found my mother being strangled by my dad. (Clarification: My biological father is Jason, the guy who raised me is Chris, and my step-dad is Phil.) I called the police. They took him away again. Sometimes, I look back on that day, and wish I just went back downstairs and kept playing my games. We then moved to Lomita to another housing complex. We lived there for 3 years. My step-dad and my mother got together. I didn't like him. At the new projects, I went through puberty. And oh boy, was it a change. I went from being a little chubby 11 year old to being a tall, lanky 12 year old. At this new place, there was a garden that we called The Gully. It was nice, quiet, beautiful. I loved it there, until this happened. I met a boy named Kiyon. I liked him. One day, he brought his 3 year old cousin down to the gully with us. We went behind the treeline. He told me he was gonna rape him. I thought he was joking. He wasn't. He pulled out a knife, pulled the boy's pants down, and forced me to watch. The boy screamed and cried. When he was done, he tried to make me drop my pants. I ran for my life. I ran home and told my mother. She didn't believe me at first, but I eventually convinced her. We told the police and the housing office. But they wouldn't do anything. Why? Because he was allegedly brain damaged. I remember feeling so terrible for the kid. If only I stepped up, he might've been okay. Months later, I saw Kiyon outside. My anger bubbled over. I didn't care. I wanted him dead. I ran outside, grabbed him, and started hitting him. My step-dad came out and stopped me. He said I was being a dumbass, that we were gonna get in trouble. I didn't give a shot. That poor kids screams rang in my ears. The only thing that fueled me at that moment was anger, the urge to make Kiyon pay. And he stopped me. That made me dislike him even more. A few days later, we had to move to my aunt's. Word travels faster in a community as small as that. The word was that Kiyon's mother was coming after me. I didn't care. I didn't regret anything. We lived with my aunt for a few months. Everything started to weigh down on my mind. I couldnt handle it. I was sick of everything. The fighting, the anger, the violence, my mother's alcohol abuse, fucking everything. I took a knife one night, when everyone was asleep. I sat in the backyard, watching the busy street. I remember thinking that the lights from the street lamps were pretty. I sat against the back of the house. I took the knife and slashed my arm. I fell asleep. I woke up the next morning, still alive. My arm had dried blood covering it. I didnt cut deep enough. I threw the knife in the storm drain, ashamed. I swore I wouldnt do that again. If I was supposed to die, I wouldve. I thought that I still had a purpose in life. After a few more months, school ended and we were heading back home to Lomita. Then, when we returned, Kiyon's family had left. I made friends do with another white boy named Martin. He was a total fucken delinquent. I thought he was my friend. One day, when I was at his house, he and a friend of his from the military tied me up and beat me with broomsticks, shot me point blank with pellet guns, shoved a dead bird in my mouth, and threw me in his closet for hours. They said it was to toughen me up. After that, I stopped hanging out with him. I told my friend Isaiah. He flipped out and threw a Molotov cocktail in his window. It sounds dumb and unbelievable, I know. I could hardly believe it when he told me. Not sure if he was being serious or not. We finally moved to East LA after my step-dad was put in prison. He and my mother were fighting a lot before that, and he left her. I was 14 when we arrived in East LA. It was in this housing project that everything peaked. The fights with my mother got worse. They became physical. When she drank, she would get real handsy. She's thrown knives at me, busted a vodka bottle over the back of my head, pushed me down the stairs. It got to the point where I fantasized killing her. I hated her. The woman I idolized, the woman I worshipped, had become a monster. I didn't recognize her anymore. She said the meanest things. That she hated me, that she didn't want me, that I deserve to be thrown in jail and get gang raped. That last insult hit hard. It made me think of Kiyon. Years of repressed anger and violence finally surfaced. I lunged at her, threw her against a wall. I kicked her in the stomach and headbutted her. I didn't care of the consequences. I only wanted to hurt her the way she hurt me ever since I was a child. I punched her and grabbed her throat. I stopped and realized what was going on. This was what she wanted. An excuse to tell her friends how bad of a child I was. How abusive I was. I was only proving her right. I took her phone and locked her in her room. After hours of screaming, she finally fell asleep. I realized that night that if I continued this game with Tasha (my mother) I would eventually be thrown in prison. I know that I hardly talked about my mother until  now. Like I said, I have so much to say, that it's hard to find a place for everything. So I'm sorry if this is a bit hard to follow. Fighting with my mother became a daily thing. The neighbors knew. My friends knew. My family knew, Everyone did. She always tried to convince everyone that I was the problem, that I started it. Thankfully most people knew better. I would call my buddy Jake, crying, telling him about the latest fight. It got to the point that I didn't wanna come home. I knew what was waiting for me there. I would go to Jake's place and smoke pot. I loved Jake. He was like the older brother I never had. He was a psychology student. Very intelligent. He told me that maybe my mother was acting this way because she never got over my father, and was projecting her rage onto me. It made sense. Whenever I got high, I felt better. I felt happy, relaxed. We would listen to music, read, talk, and eat. He was actually the one who got me into Harry Potter. Reading Harry Potter while stoned was honestly the best experience ever. On my 15th birthday party (My birthday is January 1st) we had a party in his garage. I met his other pals. It wasn't one of those typical frat parties. It was calm, quiet (Aside from the karaoke) I loved it. Though all of his friends were in their 20's, they treated me like one of their own. His friends weren't very popular. They were geeks, nerds, those kind of guys. I actually made friends with this one guy who was a total bear, if ya know what I mean. Him and I sang Forgot About Dre. (He did the Dr. Dre part, I did Eminem) He was super cool. I felt happy, like I belonged. I always felt out of place wherever I went because of my skin color, but around Jake and his friends, I felt like I belonged. That's why when I eventually had to go home, it hurt even more. My grandparents  (my mother's parents) knew exactly what she did to me and my brother, how we fought, how bad it would get. I talked with themy about it. When I came over this summer, they said I can stay. I of course said yes. They informed my mother, who was happy to get rid of me. They enrolled me in school. I start in September. I'm free now. No more having to fight, no more anger, sadness, violence, nothing. I finally got away. But the thing is, there's a part of me that thinks otherwise. A part of me that says "You'll never get away. She'll always be there to torment you" I want that part to go away. I wanna feel free. What do I do?Thank you guys for listening. I know this story is all over the place, and a lot of stuff I left out. It's just hard trying to get everything into writing. I also feel weird saying this publicly. It makes me feel like I'm whining. I'm sorry if this comes off as that. I only wanna write this to see if anyone experienced this too. I wanna stop walking on eggshells, but my mind won't let me. Someone please tell me how to get rid of this feeling
I lost control in a conversation today. I was at work and my co-worker decided to talk about torture (He's a good person, just really doesn't like terrorists due to his military background). Anyhow something in my mind kind of snapped back into the way I was while I was being made to do horrible things to people in my childhood. From how he describes it I got a vacant, thousand yard stare and a smile a bit too wide (For reference I barely ever smile, so that was a tell something was wrong). I went on to get a bit creepy and give way more information than necessary on how to break people mentally and physically, even going so far as to describe in detail the look people get in the moment that they break. During this whole exchange I just felt kind of numb, almost as though I was dreaming and someone else was driving my body. I made my co-worker uncomfortable with all of this (I guess it goes without saying that I hadn't intended to do that), and he left. I kinda woke up (I don't know how else to describe snapping out of that) a few minutes later. I don't want to think that I'm the person those people made me be, but I'm scared that deep down I might be.TL;DR Co-worker talks to me about torture. I have had an extensive experience with said, both having it inflicted upon me and being forced to inflict it. Something snaps in my head and I go on a tangent all creepy like. Co-worker leaves, and I'm a mess.
Trigger warning for child sexual abuse, sex and alcohol mentionHello!! To clarify I am a 22 yr old female. So sorry if this is too long but bear with me as this is the first time I have ever typed this out. I did not have a great childhood. To summarize: My mother was emotionless and my father was physically and verbally abusive. I believe I was sexually abused (not by my parents though). My entire childhood is extremely fuzzy, and even my teen and preteen years seem like they weren't real. I have had confidence issues etc because of the abuse. When I was young, we lived in an apartment. I have few memories, but this is the time that feels the most "dirty" or suspicious.  My parents had friends over often and would drink and smoke weed. I attended preschool. Around this time (perhaps before) I became sexually aware. I knew the ins and outs and knew what felt good (if you know what I mean). I have barely any memories but some EXTREMELY fuzzy ones of being maybe being touched inappropriately. I feel like I was but have no solid memory of it. Mostly just being hyper sexual. Flash forward to middle and high school. I become extremely depressed/anxious and self injure. When I lost my virginity was when I really started to suspect something was wrong. Because the physical feelings were somehow "familiar". I didn't get flashbacks, but the feeling itself was incredibly familiar. I cried afterwards. A few years later, I cried again during sex but this time I got a flashback of sex "feelings" as a child. I have always had a nagging feeling that it has happened to me. I get extremely anxious and hate it whenever my father (or any male) touches me. I cannot be alone in a room with an older male without severe panic ensuing. This sounds wild but I even have a "suspect list" including adult male family friends and uncles that I would've been alone with when I was young. I'm not sure if this is much to go on but to those who are more experienced/confident than me, does this sound like something that has actually happened or is it my disordered ass making it up?TL;DR: Am I suppressing memories of childhood sexual abuse or am I just subconsciously making it up? 
I was sexually abused by my older male cousin when I was 12-14 years old (our families spent summer/winter vacations together). Basically, he molested me and touched me everywhere but didn't rape me. He is 5 years older than me.For a long time I did not tell. At 16 we met again after 2 years and I found myself attracted to him. He did not attempt to abuse me so I felt really happy and started seeing him as a good guy. I tried to convince myself that I was attracted to him all along. I therefore was very nice to him/treated him as someone I liked (I stopped avoiding physical closeness, but I never made any kind of advances. This was only for the ~week we spent with his family over 2 years. Luckily those feelings disappeared over time and I began to recall more and more things and saw things more clearly. This year, I'm 18, and he's planning to move in with my family (I live with my parents). He has a house but doesn't want to pay rent so he's decided to live with us. Our families are really close so my parents are okay with it. I told my mom that I wasn't comfortable around him but she doesn't see this as a big enough reason to not let him stay.There is no way in hell I'm going to live with him. I get really afraid and anxious just being around him. But I don't want to tell my parents because they both have depression and their reactions could be really bad. My mom will feel like she's a failure and she might blame me for keeping quiet for so long. My dad will just implode probably. Also my cousin might tell everyone that I encouraged it or whatever, and since I've been so nice to him everyone might just blame me. I don't want some huge fight to happen. I can't take the stress.**TLDR: cousin sexually abused me when I was a kid and is now trying to move in with me and my parents. Should I tell my parents what happened so that they will stop him?**I guess another option is to confront him and just tell him I don't want him to move in, but that doesn't guarantee him not moving in....Thanks very much for reading my super long story!
I dunno what to say. Her roommate (technically they share a flat) has been abusing her for years. She tracks her phone, she monitors her facebook profile, shes isolating her not just from me but also her family. She recently discovered about us and threatened my SO to breakup with me or else she'd kill herself. She did. I was devastated.Im slowly trying to put back the pieces but she still calls me to complain, to cry... to reach out. Im guilt-ridden and I feel so helpless. Its affecting my own sanity knowing that shes allowing herself to be controlled, to be held hostage by that bitch.Im torn. I want to help her. Because if I dont atleast try, ill live in regret of "what if I couldve done more?". Maybe this is just the white-knight in me talking... My SO has always made fun of me for it.All of my friends and family are advising me against it. That she could leave anytime she wants. But I know better. Its incredibly hard to leave when you are being abused. She was abused as a child and to see her go through this again... I cant just standby and let this happen.But im honestly afraid. Am I making the right choice? Am I just being a fool? Ive known her for years... and I knew that she was something special. I just didnt realize how messed up everything was.
I'm not sure if I should put this here or under /r/psychic or /r/ptsd or /r/offmychest .I am a survivor of domestic violence and abuse. Lived my whole life dissociated as far back as I can remember. My father has very bad anger management problems. Growing up, I've had to go to swimming classes with bruises all over my body. No adult stopped to ask what was wrong because I come from a country and culture that believes women and children should be beaten into submission and obedience. Ever since my father tried to strangle my mother to death and they got divorced, and a recent traumatic event triggered me and put my PTSD symptoms in overdrive, I became a little "telepathic" about my dad. This "psychic ability" is accompanied by crippling anxiety and an impending sense of doom. I've gone to PTSD counseling (CBT which was mostly helpful) but the psychic part doesn't seem to go away.Every week, I can always clearly sense when my dad is thinking about me, or sense the moment he calls me. It's ONLY when my dad is about to call me, which is once every week (he blows up if I don't pick up or act/talk exactly the way he expects me to). My dad doesn't always call me on a particular day of the week; sometimes he changes it up and will call me a day or two ahead of schedule. And I'll STILL sense the exact moment that he calls me without fail. Sometimes I'll sense the topic he wants to talk about, such as how much money I have in my account. That means I'll scramble to guess how much he WANTS to hear is in my account, since he has an unrealistic expectation of living costs; I would have to eat ramen for every meal and earn triple the amount I make for him to be satisfied. Otherwise, he'll explode and shout and swear until I can't stop crying because he can only punch me with words since he can't hit me over the phone.I'll get terrible anxiety and cry for that whole day, sometimes extending into the day before. I stopped looking at calendars because to me, a calendar looks like a schedule for ticking time bombs. Sometimes it's so bad that I'll have my phone on silent, do deep breathing exercises or try to distract myself by doing something else, and I'll finally pick up my phone so I can prepare myself for the inevitable phone call. And, voila, there's my dad calling me - right there on the phone screen, a call waiting to be picked up just in time. This phenomenon has happened at least 10 times so far in the last year and a half.I'm grateful that I don't live with my dad. But I'm always afraid that, if I slip up or make him very angry in some way, he might just show up because he knows where I live or that he'll find out where my mom lives and kill her for "failing to raise me right" or something. Everyone else sees dad as a charming, Responsible™ Family Oriented™ person. They'll tell me that I should be grateful that my dad calls me often (unlike most other dads), and that I should open my eyes and see that my dad does those things because he loves me.Two years ago, after I gathered enough courage as an adult and convinced myself that he wouldn't dare abuse me like when I was a child, I tried to set boundaries with my dad and I was met with blows and threats. He completely trampled over and violated any boundaries I tried to set physically, mentally, and emotionally, thereby establishing his dominance over me. Setting a boundary is not an option with him.My newfound psychic ability is not practical at all and it's crippling me; I feel very stuck. I wish there was a way to shut it down so I don't have to be a slave to it. All I want to do is to move on and not be sick every week. I don't know what else I could do. Does anyone else experience something similar? Any advice would be great.
How much detail should I go into?
Hello. I am seeking some perspective. I'm a male in my early 30's, trying to put together the myriad pieces of my life. When I was in my mid-20's my mother told me about sexual abuse that occurred when I was 4. I do not remember these events, but that lapse seems to be consistent with other blocking of difficult memories throughout my childhood. I was pretty upset when she told me, and I honestly didn't want to know. I'm of the opinion now that I should take a proactive approach and try to understand the effects of childhood sexual abuse and recognize any behavioral correlations that I may exhibit.What I am curious about is if this inability to remember trauma is common? The fact that I don't remember is troubling. I feel guilt about it even though I don't think I should. I feel like I can't fully deal with things because I don't understand what happened and it's this big void of question marks. I feel like someday I would like to be able to talk about it to people, but with it remaining such an abstract obscurity I can't imagine how I would do that.All is not well in my life- I am in my 5th year of consistent depression, with things recently growing worse, and the added stress of growing generalized anxiety. I have had some other traumatic events- from a severe rollover car accident when I was 5, being robbed at gunpoint in my early 20's, and also being present when police shot and nearly killed my friend (broken skull, neck, coma). I am diagnosed with ptsd. I'm also a veteran and packing some guilt from my service. I am diagnosed with adult adhd. My step father who raised me also had a very heavy hand combined with overt anger when physically punishing my brother and I.I recently found this subreddit, and have been going through many of the posts which are helpful. I'm also working through the resource index. I am also geting mental health help and recently re-started antidepressants and antianxiety meds. Thanks for any thoughts.
Hi. I've never posted here, and I'm actually really anxious making this post. I was crazy about a guy for a few years and last year, we ended up growing very close and getting together. We were together for about ten months.However, as time has passed since, I've come to realize a lot of what he did was... emotionally manipulative and rooted in power. He would claim that he wasn't deserving of someone like me. If something he did or said was hurtful, as soon as I brought it up, he would claim it was just his nature or because he was a bad person or boyfriend. I always pushed away my discomforts to console him instead of resolving any issues. I also blamed myself when things didn't go well. I was too clingy, too emotional, too expectant, wanted too much support, took up too much time, the list goes on.He also developed a lot of problems with mental health and addiction. He became an alcoholic. It appeared that he also would go through depressive and manic periods. He would leave when he was struggling with himself, only to turn around and want to get back together in between the cycles. This resulted in a very strung-out breakup and a hook-up or two. He knew exactly what to say to appease me enough to come back. However, despite this, he never unblocked me on social media.He never apologized for any of the things he did or said, not even the breakup itself. Rather, he apologized to my best friend. He apologized to him because he had only said some of the things that brought me back because he was feeling lonely. He didn't want to truly apologize, I don't think, he just wanted to continue to maintain power over the situation, get into my head, and possibly keep my friend neutral.We've run into each other in public a few times. The last time was a few weeks ago, while I was working in my customer service position -- essentially a place where I *must* be cordial and cheerful to anyone who approaches. He made a show out of looking to see if I was there, shooing his new girlfriend away, and striding over. Once more, when I tried to strike up conversation later, he ignored me. It seems like he wanted to remind me that he was there and with someone who wasn't me. To get into my head, rather than ignoring me or just briefly saying hi.I've been with someone else for a little while now but I still find myself getting upset over my ex. I'll hear of something happening or run into him and completely fall apart when it comes to my current partner, despite the fact that my current boyfriend doesn't do any of this. I still feel undeserving. I feel like I wasn't enough for the ex, or else he wouldn't have done any of these things. And if I wasn't enough for my ex, why would I be enough for someone caring, patient, compassionate, and open?Anyways, now that I've written this out, I'm not entirely sure why I'm writing it. I guess I just don't know where to go from here. I don't know what to read or who to talk to or what to do.
I'm still having massive issues coming to terms with all of this, we only broke up in April. Was just speaking to my friend and she was like "you've both moved on with people", although I'm actually single. I've asked my friend about it and if it's anyone I know, but I doubt she'll want to tell me much about it. I'm trying so hard to tell myself that it's not my responsibility to help this new person she's seeing, they wouldn't listen to me anyway as I'm sure she's fed them many lies about me. It's none of my business anymore. I do not need to worry about this.
**I wrote this for an abuse survivor organization I volunteer at. Thought I'd share my story on here**   I have been volunteering here for the past 3 years. This year will sadly be my last as I will be moving out of state in January. After making so many connections to the kids who come here and to the other volunteers who went through abuse, I feel like it’s time I share my real story.     I was born in Colombia, and I lived there till I moved to start sophomore year in the US. Something interesting about me is that I was implanted in my mom through IVF treatment. IVF is where a mother can freeze eggs and leave it till a later date for fertilization and implantation. I remember my mom would tell me how special I was because of it. Of course she was right, but I digress. I was, and still am, a mama’s boy. Through everything she was always trying her hardest to protect me. Terribly she is no longer with us.  Then there’s my father. I don’t consider him my father, but biologically he is. Colombia in the 80s and early 90s was practically governed by violent drug cartels. My dad was a seasoned member in that arena. Although I don’t think my dad ever truly cared about me, I remember the few times he would try to show me love. I vividly remember at the age of 9 he proudly walked me through cargo ship containers crammed full with drugs and weapons, and he’d always share stories of the enemies he had killed. He reveled in his evil. He wanted me to grow up and carry on in his criminal footsteps.    For my 12th birthday, yes 12th, he “gifted” me a prostitute. He told me to “Use her for what she’s worth”, and if I didn’t have sex with her and demean her that I wasn’t a man. He would tell me that all women are worthless whores, only good for pleasure and to show them off. I started "dating" a girl in 7th grade. She became my closest friend and we were an awkward middle school couple. Eventually my dad caught onto the fact that I was in a regular relationship and that angered him. Her and I would walk home from school together sometimes, and if he saw that, he would beat me when I got home. I lost my relationship with the girl after she went missing. I remember crying because she was gone, and my dad would hit me till I stopped crying. If I kept crying he would hold towels in my mouth so I couldn’t. I still don’t know what happened to her, it's probably better I don't.      My mom and dad’s marriage was obviously troubled. Every time mom would stand up for me and protect me, my dad would violently attack her and threaten to kill her. She was often raped by other men from my dad's criminal enterprise. If she didn’t act happy in public with my dad, he would beat her. I'd always hear her screaming and crying in her room whenever my dad left the house. He made me watch these things happen to her and tell me it’s what real men do. I watched her slowly be weakened by my dad's evil. I wish I could erase those images forever. I  have permanent burns, cuts, and bruises from his physical abuse. He would take his anger out on both of us. Every day I feared for my life and my mom's. I woke up every day and feared how much he would beat me. He was relentless. At that young age, I still tried to find happiness in normal kid things - toys, tv, games etc. That youthful happiness was always only temporary, because each night, I went to bed knowing that my true reality was a living hell.   My dad moved to Mexico for my 8th grade school year. In that time, I was able to bond with my mom. We became indescribably close. She was my strength and best friend. I cherish every single waking moment I had with her in that year. She was such a strong and beautiful woman. My dad returned for my freshman year. He had become even more of a monster. After a deadly incident one night, which I can’t bring myself to talk about, my mom decided I needed to leave for good. So I went to live with my Aunt and Uncle in Texas at the start of 10th grade.      I will never know the terrors my mother went through during the year I left. But it drove her into severe depression. After I graduated high school in 2011, I went back to Colombia for the Summer. On May 24th 2011, she committed suicide by overdosing and puncturing an artery in her arm. I held her as she went and tried to keep her alive. I can't explain the horror of holding your mom as she dies. It is a very deep and dark pain which haunts me daily. It's so hard for me to type that out. My dad never showed any sadness or remorse for her suicide.     Today at 23 years old, I can’t say I have recovered from the trauma of my history. Who knows if I ever will. Most days are a real struggle to be a normal member of society. I have depression and suffer from frequent and badly- timed panic attacks. I find myself often uncontrollably breaking down whenever I have flashbacks. I wonder why me, and why my mother? What did anyone do to deserve that monster in their lives? A lot of kids I work with have this question. They wonder why. Well, I don’t know why. I guess it’s simply chance. This is just the shitty card some people get dealt. It is not fair. However, it’s our decision to chose what to do with our cruel pasts. I could have let everything spin me out of control, but rather I let it fuel me in the pursuit of a more normal life. Why? Well because it’s exactly what my abuser doesn’t want, and it's exactly what my mom would want.   Do I break down and make dumb decisions? Yes. Do I cry myself to sleep sometimes? Yes. Do I get angry and feel like I have to punish myself? Yes. Am I going to let it break me? Hell no… Am I one day going to be a father to my child that my dad never was for me? Hell yes.       I will never be a normal person. I have accepted the fact that I'll carry this pain and emotionally struggle through the rest of my life. I don’t know why abuse and trauma happens to anyone. What I do know is that I rose above what my abuser did to me. I see the worth in every woman, and in every person. I am not a violent criminal, and I don't let the scars he put on me dictate my life.  Moral of my story is, no matter how terrible your situation is/was, you can make it through. No matter how bad you’ve got it, someone out there has it worse. Allow yourself to be sad and get angry, but make sure you come back from it. Try to be close to a person who allows you to break down your walls. Don’t rush that one though, be strong by yourself first before you look for strength in others. But don't open up to just anyone, pick wisely. Find a passion/career and immerse yourself in it. Show your abuser that you rose above what they did to you. That is the greatest satisfaction. The greatest tragedy is not the brutality of the evil person, but the silence of the victim. If you’re reading this, that means you made it. Volunteer, share your advice and your story, and help other victims. It will help you in turn. My past will forever be a very dark and sad part of me, but it will never stop me. Don’t ever let it stop you. Don’t give your abuser what they want. Don’t fall apart. Just keep moving forward every single day. Whatever is holding you back - depression, trauma, abuse - know that you can make it through. It's not easy, but you can. I am your living proof.
I want to start a telegram support group where people do not need to feel alone and to be able to share their feelings in a safe manner. Any seconds? Install telegram on your phone and click on this link! > (https://telegram.me/joinchat/BTMmwQkgmZk1pnMtGke_yA)
I want a family. People to take care of me and to show me the unconditional love I never got. I try so hard to reason with her. To let her know her delusions aren't real. To try to let go of the endless pain she has caused me but I just can't. I've wanted to believe she would be different and she said that she would be but every time I make myself vulnerable to her she does everything she can to take everything I have built away from me. After the last incident I know that there is nothing I can do. The most adult statement out of my 15 year old brother's mouth was "I know you out of everyone wanted to think she would be different and I'm so sorry that you could never have that." It's hard to blame her sometimes with her mental illness and her past alcoholism, but I never understood why it had to be me out of all of my other siblings. Why I had to be starved to lose weight and locked in a room for months when I was 14 for being a whore for being assaulted. "You were just there." Was her answer. I sit by myself in my small, blank white room and watch sitcoms of happy families, of loving moms and that's all I've wanted in the world. I just know it's too late at 21 to be adopted and to start over. 
I ended my abusive relationship in April, when I finally decided to scream one day when he just didn't seem to be calming down and was brandishing a knife threatening to cut out my eyes before killing me.  He was arrested, and that was that.I used all the energy I could to get through my last term of my post-bacc programs; I even reached out to people I'd gotten to know in the program and they were great friends to me through the whole thing.  I did great that term, straight As actually, but after that I could no longer afford to live on my own, and had to move back with my parents in a completely different city 160 miles away.I hate my life now.  I can barely muster the energy for doing anything, let alone studying for GREs like I need to.    I'm trying to find a job, too, but even if I get one I can't move out - I need a car for that, and if I move out I won't have access to one.  So I'm looking at at least 6 months of work before I can move out.  Maybe.I have no friends, no siblings, and feel utterly alone.   I hate living back at my parents, it doesn't even feel like living.  I met my abuser a month or so after moving out, and now that he's gone it feels like 4 years of my life have been completely erased.   I feel trapped every second I'm stuck here.  I wish I wanted to kill myself.  But I don't have the heart nor drive for it, and I don't think I ever will.  So I can't even dream of ways to end this hell, but rather just sit here and suffer.  Right now all I can think of is why I screamed.  Why did I end it?  It would have been better to just hang in there and try to fix it.  At least back then I had my best friend, even if he was an asshole.How do I push through this?  I've been fucking paralyzed for the last week; the only bright spot I have is an interview tomorrow for a job that I know I won't get.  And then it'll be right back to the same shitshow that is my "life."   I don't have the energy to push through anymore.  I just want my life to improve.  
Hello everyone... I finally got out of my abusive living situation 4 months ago, and it's been a rough ride since. My ex emotionally, mentally and financially abused me and even used our daughter as a way to get things from me (or get me to stay with her).I'm free now, mostly. I've finally gotten a small amount of visitation with our daughter, though in sacrifice, I'm paying more than I can afford in child support. So now I'm broke and dipping into my savings and hoping to find a place that's cheaper soon (this is SoCal though, so it's not easy). The biggest downfall though, is that I'm being harassed with continued demands and more abuse from my ex... even after the court determined everything. I wish she would just leave me the hell alone so I can recover from this traumatic experience...Hopefully this wasn't too long, but thanks for reading this. I just needed to get this off my chest for now.  
I've never really been able to talk about what happened during my childhood (And considering it sounds like pure fiction, I've usually thought better than to share it).  Last week I hit a depressive low, and decided to drink a bit with a few close friends.  A bottle of vanilla and cinnamon bailey's later (Not ad placement, just what I was drinking), I opened up about my past.  It hurt more than I could possibly describe in words.  I talked about how my biological mother kidnapped my two sisters and myself, moved us across the U.S. (Utah to Florida), and due to her mental instability could not hold a job to feed us or afford a place to live.  We spent three months on the street (For reference I was five at the time) before my biological mother found someone charitable enough to let us live in a run down apartment.  Unfortunately, she still wasn't stable enough to become employed, so for most of our stay in the apartment we either ate very little or not at all, sometimes going days without food (Something that lead to weight issues until recently, as I was afraid I'd starve again).  Our stay in the apartment ended when Child Protective Services found out we weren't going to school or eating.  My sisters and I were then placed into the Foster Care system.  Our stay consisted of only 1/2 year, but it was traumatic to say the least.  The caretakers, despite appearing outwardly kind, were monsters who used children for sex, violence, and everything in between.  My predicament was a bit different from most in that Foster Home, as due to having high functioning autism, I had become exceptionally well read (Our mother always had a large library of her own books, ranging from philosophy to mathematics, I learned from all of them at an early age).  In short I knew what was going on, and didn't want my sisters to be a part of it.  I offered to take what they would be taking myself (Unfortunately none of this is fiction).  I was locked in a basement, and due to the people running the place home schooling everyone CPS couldn't be happier, as we were in a home, fed, and being educated.  I on the other hand couldn't have been more miserable.  My day to day was filled with being raped (Usually 10-12 times per day) and beaten (Sometimes with hands, sometimes with riding crops, once with a cat of nine tails that had fish-hooks on it).  This went on every day for half a year.  There were also instances where I was made to abuse others who were in the same situation.  The one I remember most was a girl who had taught me about God.  We had both been branded on the back of the left hand, but she wound up being one of my first friends.  One day the people that ran the home had us fight.  We were given small metal bats.  I hit her.  I have nightmares where I can just hear her ribs cracking over and over.  And the whole time she just looked at me.  To this day I have no idea if I killed her or if she's still alive.  I don't even know her name.  From then on I was made to participate in the regular sexual abuse and beatings of others.  Over time something broke in me and I kind of started to even enjoy it, despite knowing it was wrong.  Eventually my father regained custody of us, and brought my sisters and myself back to Utah.  None of the therapists or psychiatrists they had me go to ever cared to hear what I had to say; they just wanted me on more medication or a different one.  My own father and my step mother didn't care to hear about it as they had work and were involved in local politics respectively.  I've held this in for sixteen years and it all came out.  It's at the root of my chronic depression, lack of self worth, and general emotional numbness and has led to many if not most of the problems in my life.  I don't expect anyone to believe me, or to really respond to this, but I needed to get it off my chest while I was sober.Edit: I apologize for making this a wall of text.
I don't want to step on people's toes, and I certainly don't want to trigger or offend. I just want to understand. I am the product of rape. After my birth, my mother moved in with her rapist. When I was an infant, she left me with him to create a better situation for us. When I was 4, she tried to get both of us to move with her, but he refused, and I left with her.Here's what I don't get. The rape was violent. She moved in with him anyway. He hit her, and he use to scream and shake me as an infant - but she was convinced that he wouldn't hit me. After she left, he did. He was abusive and neglectful. When we left him, she married a man that wasn't physically abusive, but was emotionally and psychologically abusive. She had two more kids that I cared for. She was neglectful and absent.What I want to understand is how? How does a person say they love their kids more than anything, say they'd do anything for them, claim to be a strong independent woman who won't take crap from people - put up wit that? How do women stay in an abusive situation when children are at stake? How can a woman not step in and protect their child?I can understand a person, alone, feeling so low that they stay, that they take it. It's awful, but I can at least reconcile that in my head... but I don't understand this. What am I missing?
I broke up with my abusive partner about 4 months a go, and moved away to the other side of the country to live with my family again about 2 months a go. Things were meant to get better but they just haven't. I still feel so isolated. I feel like none of our friends believe that she was abusive, in fact many think I am a dick for calling her manipulative and controlling. I don't know how to trust people anymore. I don't know how to set boundaries so I'll probably get stepped on again. I get stepped on at home by my brother. I have to go back to my old city this month to retake my exams as I fucked up this year of uni, but I can't concentrate at all so I'm going to fail again. Most my friends live with my abuser so I have no where to stay. I'm going to need support from my friends so will no doubt be in contact with her again. I can't bare the thought. She still lies to them about me. She still controls my whole life. This is still happening for me, always in my head, I feel like it will never end. The only way I can see to get away from her is to kill myself. All passion that I once felt is gone. I have nothing anymore.
I was 12 when I met him- he was 16, almost 17. It went from then to when I was 16 and he was 21. We bonded over our mental health healing and church. However he used it against me, only wanted to be with me if he could suffer with me. He said I couldn't go to school and leave him, couldn't date anyone else (or he would guilt me into dumping them). He threatened to expose me to people over my bisexuality, trying to force me to only want to be with him.For four years he told me he loved me and didn't want anyone else. Whenever I wasn't acting mature he would ignore me, tell me I was awful, say he didn't want me, all sorts of awful things. When I didn't text back fast enough he would go off on me, yell at me, and call me names. Whenever I called him out he would tell me he was sorry, he just cared for me sO much that he had to do that. Calling me out in front of people for my mental illness, only wanting to suffer, trying to keep someone 5 years younger than him all to himself. I thought it was normal to say I was in love with him but we couldn't be together. I now know it isn't okay, or normal. People have told me I am overreacting after our fall out between me, saying I didn't want to suffer for him, and him telling me I had to. Others have told me it is only right that I have cut him out. I am still working it out everyday, but not keeping contact. Posting this now; I am terrified he will see it. I am terrified my phone will light up with a call. I am terrified to go back to church and face someone who I consider to manipulate me into being with him in front of others, and not let me be a child. Not let me do anything he doesn't approve of without threatening everything and everyone I love. You will never touch me again. I will make it my goal in life to never have you lay a finger on me again; even if I do miss you. I cannot forgive it, or forgive it. I miss my friend, but there have been too many people saying that your emotional abuse, and mental illness you refuse to accept will hurt me more than anything I won't cave again. I won't allow you to tell people about my girlfriend/boyfriend, my cutting in the past, anything. You won't know now. My question for everyone here; should I forgive him?  Should I be as scared as I am to see him again?  sincerely,a sixteen year old girl, not sure what to do at this point. 
So I'm 17, and when I was 15-16 I was manipulated emotionally and mentally into doing and sending sexual things and images and videos to a 29 year old man. The thing is, I called him my best friend. Which made it easier for him to manipulate me because I trusted him immensely.  He manipulated me into being in a relationship with him, when I'm not even into guys, I'm a lesbian. Since day one that we met (I was 13 he was 26) he was attracted to me and I wasn't. Maybe at first it was exciting that someone older than me thought I was cute and cool, but it kind of grossed me out as I got slightly more mature mentally. I wasn't attracted to him and he was way older than me, which grossed me out. But I went into this "relationship" with him at age 15 because I felt guilty since he was my best friend and liked me and I didn't. We were "together"(ugh this word) for more than a year and all that terrible stuff happened then. I should mention all of our corresponding was over the internet because he lives in Mexico and I don't. So after being in that "relationship" for over a year, around December 2015 I felt really disgusted by our age difference and by him. I felt more uncomfortable than ever and was starting to feel depressed and anxious about everything. We had a video call and after a couple minutes of seeing his face or where he would send me kisses or whisper I love you, I felt so disgusted inside that I had to hang up on him and I broke up with him.But, because we were best friends for so long I couldn't bring myself to just stop talking to him because it had been 2.5 years of friendship that I felt was valuable under all of this crap. So we kept talking, but I slowly was disgusted by him more and more, and couldn't talk to him without feeling disgusted and getting in an argument because his presence made me so angry that I couldn't stand him. One day in March, I hit a point where I realized what he had done to me and I felt disgusted, terrible, manipulated, and awful to entire day, and had to hold myself together until I got to my room and I burst into tears. I said nothing and blocked him on every social media and ended up telling one of my best friends what happened.But because we were best friends, it felt strange to not talk to him, even though I hated him. I consulted my irl best friend previously mentioned and asked her if I should talk to him again because I missed talking to him and she advised me not to. I ended up talking to him a few times, and I was way too nice and he regretted it, but I was just emotional from missing him. He later sent me a nice email saying he'd always wait for me and at that point I was disgusted and told him I hated him. A few months later, I sent a more detailed message of hate and why what he did was wrong and abusive. 5 months passed from March until a week ago. During those 5 months I dealt with severe anxiety, depression, and ocd. I self harmed myself and almost killed myself.So, five months later I was in bed one day and thought about it and was still angry, but I was for some reason super curious about what he was feeling. So I ended up sending him a message and we started chatting again. I did miss him, due to our friendship, and I was really happy to talk to him again and didn't think about what had happened. I've identified as a lesbian for a long time, but at this moment I thought maybe I actually did have feelings for him and told him about this. Of course he was into me always so he was happy and wanted to call me. When he called me he was whispering and told me how happy he was, and I suddenly felt everything drain away. I felt disgusted, I was closing my eyes, cringing, and covering my face with my arms and hung up and told him I couldn't do this, that I was too gay and was probably just excited to talk to him again. I really am too gay lol. So I was upset and didn't talk to him until the next day. And we had friendly conversation for the rest of the week until today. At one point I sent him an email saying why I liked him as a friend bc I felt guilty about my angry email. But he was way too happy about it and I regretted it because he kept saying how happy he was and rereading it and it made me feel sick. It was too close to romantic for me. It felt disgusting.So, our conversation continued until today. My older sister(19) saw my chat window with him and said to watch out for pedophiles and I told her I knew him for three years, but what she talked about really stuck with me and I suddenly felt terrible. It felt all wrong.I told him my sister warned me about pedophiles, and his response was arguing about the definition of pedophiles, and how it was only for liking kids under 12. I was angry and I felt extremely disrespected. He felt that he wasn't a pedophile. When I told him in the eyes of the law it was anyone who was underage he said "w/e" and a tired emoticon and this really disgusted me after all I had been through.I turned off the chat history so I could say what I wanted to more in depth and not keep it on the record. He said he didn't want to talk about it, but I knew we had to because him saying that really set something off in my mind that I knew would leave uncomfortable feelings in the back of my mind if I ignored it. So I went on to say how I worried he didn't regret it and how it felt disrespectful for me. All he would do was complain about how it also hurt to be called a pedophile, which for a second I understood, but immediately realized that he was a pedophile and that his pain was nothing compared to what I had been through on the receiving end of a pedophile. He just ignored that and said stuff like "what do you want me to do" and continued after I told him I self harmed and almost killed myself.I suddenly felt like it wasn't productive for my mental health to be talking with him. I'm on antidepressants and I really just want to feel happy and healthy again after suffering for so long. He just continued to say how hurt he was too. This really just pissed me off. He just wanted to focus on himself no matter how I tried. I told him I was feeling upset, terrible, sick and he just complained that he was hurt I didn't understand his pain. I get he was hurt, but it was a pain for him to make such a big deal about it when I was telling him about my mental scarring and mental health issues caused by him. He wouldn't stop talking about it. His only pain was not talking to me which seemed minuscule to complain about so extensively when I was trying to make a point to him. It made me feel that he didn't care about me as much as he said he did if he didn't care so much about my suffering and feelings about what happened. He ended with asking again what I wanted him to do, which was hurtful. This part was directly after I told him about almost killing myself and self harming myself (ik I mentioned it before sry) . Then I kind of calmed down and said sorry for "mentally de-spiraling." At that point I was so hurt I was in tears, which is rare for me. But even after calming down, I felt disrespected and that it wasn't a good idea to continue talking with him. But at the same time I really did treasure our friendship because we were so close. But I'm not sure I can recover from this enough to be friends with him again. I want to talk to him, but is it a bad idea for my mental health? If you've read this far thank you so much I love you... I really need help I'm extremely confused. I didn't think I could tl;dr without losing important details so thank you.
I'm just curious if this is a common coping mechanism 
(My story was moved here)This happened to me during summer, I'm 14 years old and throughout my years of living, I never thought I would be sexually assaulted by someone I thought I could trust. Since that one event, I can still feel shivers run down my spine. It was Mid-July and I decided to go to my friends after skating at the local skatepark. I arrived at her house around 3pm, so I welcomed myself in since they treated me as a second daughter. It was around 5 when they just fucken told that she went to beach. So I stayed and made pizza with them. As I making the dough, (let's my "bff" name her Ashley)ashley's dad would often touch my lower back or slightly touch my ass... I thought nothing of it, I regret not saying anything to him. Around 6-7pm, I stayed for bit since they said she was coming home. I was alone in her room and her room connects to the restroom. That's where shit starts to get creepy. I was texting on my phone until I heard the restroom door knob open. I look up to see that fucken fat piece of shit naked in front of me. I quickly look down, scared shitless praying to God that he will go away. He did, but he kept on coming in and out naked. He even asked me a fucken question on purpose to look at him and all I see is a smile... That's fucken smile man.Once he left, I quickly packed my things and called my friend who lives near by to walk me home since it was dark. I felt my anxiety rise and I was packing. I quickly left and cried to my friend and told him what happened. I was so scared that he could've done something even worse. Ever since that day, I haven't told no one besides my friend. I haven't contacted my friend since. So to my Best Friends Perverted Father who sexually assaulted me, let's not meet again.
Hello everyone. This is my first post, so please excuse any mistakes. I am a young female. This happened when I was about 16 years old. Every Christmas holidays I take a flight with my older brother to South Africa from Australia to see my overseas family. Although this time around I was going by myself. The flight departed at about 8 at night so I was excited for a good rest. When I got on the plane and sat at my window seat. A man, who looked like he was in his 20s sat down next to me. When the plane lifted off the ground, I looked under my seat and there was no blanket there but I really didn't mind because the plane was at a pleasant temperature. So I lay back in my seat and got comfortable. The man who sat next to me looked at me and introduced himself. I will not name him for obvious reasons. He asked questions about me. The average, what's your name? How old are you? Where do you go to school? What are your favourite subjects? He seemed quite friendly. For about 30 minutes he didn't stop talking. I really was looking forward to a good sleep. Added onto that I need to say that I'm a shy-quiet girl and don't like to talk openly. So I asked politely if I could get some get some shut-eye. When I was falling asleep, the man gave me the occasional stare and dirty look but I was too tired to really care. It was about 10 minutes later, and I finally fell asleep. I wasn't dreaming... just the black vision people get. I was in a deep sleep so I couldn't wake up on command. After a while I felt something touch my thy gently. I wasn't sure what it was because I was so tired... Then I felt something grab my arm, as well as my other thy (The one on the mans side...) Only this time I felt it touch my privates. I quickly jumped awake to find the man literally completely over me. His hands up my skirt and top... With an involuntary squeal. A passenger who sat in the middle isle realised I was in distress and jumped up and pulled this person off me. I was so scared I wet myself.After the "man" was restrained and I had calmed down... I realised how lucky I was. The person who saved me used to be in SWAT and had proper training in this situation. Apparently the officer had suspicions the about the man before I even fell asleep and was ready.To this day I always make sure that I have someone that I know to sit next to me for safety. I had to see a psychologist to help me. This was a while ago and I have a good mental health now but I will never forget the feeling of that person touching me like that. - A very sincere thank you to the heroic officer who helped me that day. I don't even know what I would have done if you weren't there. If you read this... Thank You.Aphelia
**TL;DR My mom's psychiatrist is convinced my mom had a major depressive episode but is not convinced my mom has major depressive disorder, contrary to the DSM. My mom is prescribed by her psychiatrist to take antidepressants twice a week. She used to take her antidepressants thrice a week and before that she used to take them daily. I am concerned my mom's treatment may be significantly different if her psychiatrist doesn't disagree with the DSM. Please tell me your thoughts.**&nbsp;---&nbsp;I wasn't concerned when I first heard that my mom's psychiatrist was convinced my mom had a major depressive episode but not major depressive disorder (my mom's previous psychiatrist had diagnosed her with major depressive disorder) because1. I didn't think one major depressive episode was enough to diagnose major depressive disorder. I thought a major depressive episode was like fever: You get it, you take medication (usually antidepressants), you taper and then you go on with life.2. my mom may have had hypomanic episodes (so in that case she's bipolar II instead of unipolar).&nbsp;**As for 1**, I found out "depression" (a major depressive episode) was not like fever or spraining your ankle where you usually don't have "fever disorder" or "ankle spraining disorder" after just one fever or one ankle sprain.I asked my psychiatrist about it who told me that one major depressive episode was enough to diagnose major depressive disorder. I read about depression further and realized how severe depression compared to dysphoria or sadness and so began to have some understanding as to why one major depressive episode was enough to diagnose major depressive disorder.&nbsp;I asked my mom to ask about the one episode thing. She did and then told me that **her psychiatrist doesn't agree that one major depressive episode was enough to diagnose major depressive disorder.**I asked my mom to ask about the implications of such, but she forgot to do it.My mom is weeks away from seeing her psychiatrist again so I've come to reddit.&nbsp;**What would you think of a doctor who disagrees with what seems to be a core definition in the DSM?** I mean, a doctor can't just say for example one manic episode isn't enough to diagnose bipolar I, right?
Big brother J explains the horrors of narcissistic abuse and how he made it. https://youtu.be/H-y1foZ8Ax4
Please hear me out. This might sound strange, but I promise I'm sincere.To try and make a long story short, my therapist thinks I should join a support group for male victims of sex abuse, to help me deal with a traumatic experience. She says I have classic symptoms of PTSD, and I can really use all the help I can get, here. The problem is, the trauma in my case was being circumcised. I remember it. In fact, it's my first memory. That's not supposed to happen, I know (remember stuff that young) but there it is. It's something I thought I'd moved past - I've seen therapists about it and been through CBT. But recently I've been realizing that this has affected me more than I first realized. As I'm healing in other areas, this old shit is coming out and it's hard to deal with by myself. I hope I making sense, I;m crying as I'm writing this because I'm picturing what people might think.The thing is, I feel like Id  be run out of there with pitchforks. That people would think I was playing some sick joke  mocking the *real* sex abuse survivors. Most guys who are cut have none of the problems I d,o after all. And in general, as I've looked around online for people who can relate- there seems to be a lot of revulsion aimed at men who talk about being traumatized by circumcision. They're seen as "overreacting" and hysterical. So I dunno. I don't want to hurt anyone. I don't want people to think I'm trying to pull some political stunt and intrude on a safe space. But I also don't want to be alone.If anyone here has been in a survivors support group, I'd particularly apprciate your input. Thank you.
(Also posted in [r/abuse](https://www.reddit.com/r/abuse))When one thinks of abuse, they think of 'partner to partner' or 'family member to family member'. Friends can easily abuse one another too.I'll try to make this short, but even then it'll be long. I made a friend at the start of last school year, C. She was cool and friendly and funny and smart. C had a friend I became friends with, A. I started to have romantic feelings towards A, and told C because I thought she could give me advice on how to not look dumb.C said that she used to like him but doesn't. A month later, at my birthday party, I invite A, C, another friend of theirs J, and my then-best friend N. A and C start snuggling on my couch, but I barely even notice because, well, C told me she didn't like him, and A had a girlfriend at the time anyway. (October)In January, the day after I get back to school, I find out that C and A are dating from A (who also says that he knows I like him). I text C, asking her about what she said all those months before in September. C basically admitted that she lied, but followed it up with several dozen excuses including 'I was lying to myself too' and 'I didn't want to hurt your feelings'.I started going downhill really fast with my mental health as I ate lunch with A and C and had to watch them make googly eyes at each other even though I knew that she had lied. Despite this, I remained friends with C.Over time, I disclosed to C that it made me uncomfortable. I didn't tell her to try and stop anything- she asked first anyway. C then suggested that I not sit with them at lunch.In February, my mental health was so shitty that I was going to OD on Valentine's Day, and would have if A hadn't emailed in time, since we play games together on NinjaKiwi.I didn't disclose that to anyone for about a month, when C tried to end her friendship with me, saying it was 'too hard' for me. And that's when I realized that, no, it's not true that she 'didn't mean to hurt me'. It's not my fault. She lied. It was just too difficult for her to have me there. (I later changed that theory- I think it was more because she didn't want me making her look bad so she could have A to herself) It seems pretty stupid that I blamed myself, but she's incredibly Machiavellian. She even once told me it was because of my atheism that all of this happened, and that I need to turn to God. That is just plain bigotry.A friend, E, mediates and tells us to tell the other one our problem. I let C have it and tell her about the almost-suicide. She seems to be very sympathetic and says all the right things, but only when E turns her back does C smirk at me. She SMIRKS like she had won a battle.E decrees that we should try a friendship again and I get it in my head that I can fix her. But C now isn't letting me hang out with them in the mornings, and gives me nasty looks when I do. Other than that, it's kind of like old times.Near the end of the year, I tell her (without asking permission) that I think it would be good to end the year on a good note and I'd like to hang with J and A in the mornings again.C has a mask. It very rarely slips off (the smirk is a good example), but it does now when she says in the iciest tone you can imagine, 'I like the way things are in the mornings.'So she's cutting me out. Great. The best part? A is still dating her, 7 months later, J and I aren't friends anymore because (I'm guessing, anyway- she gave me a pretty obviously fake answer) real or perceived pressure from C to end her friendship with me got to her. Only people who have never met C believe me. (Even N- remember N?- vehemently defends C and has the balls to call *me* the manipulative one and tell me that it's all in my head. N, who has a lot of experience with depression.)So... does anyone know what kind of abuse this is? Obviously not physical or verbal, and I've looked at psychological and it kind of fits...
For a long time I've been very unsure about if I was abused. I've been more sure at times but mostly unsure. I feel like what happened was in the "grey area", which I hate, because I feel like abuse should be a black and white thing. Many people have said it was abuse, including a therapist, and they have been convincing, but I can't help but think that they're just saying what they think they should say, or that I somehow mislead them by making it sound worse than it was. It wasn't forced on me in an aggressive way, it was all generally "gentle". any thoughts? how do others try to deal with this? thanks.
I only recently escaped the horror of her fucking grasp, and now she's doing a fundraiser to stand up against gender based violence specifically including abuse. She's going to wear the same dress for a year. What an idiot. If you want to stand up against abuse, right your wrongs, sort out your abusive tendencies, make an example for other abusers, don't tickle your ego in the most attention seeking way possible. I'm mad, bake a cake you dickhead.
For about 2-3 years now I've had aggressive and reoccurring bouts of depression and anxiety. Most days I couldn't get out of the house , and talking to people was a nightmare thanks to a five-year long abusive relationship. But ever since Pokemon go come out I've gotten out more in the last month than I have in the last year-and-a-half (not an exaggeration) I have talked to people I've exercised I've enjoyed life and I'm a significantly happier person now then I was a month ago. And I've been wondering if anybody else has gotten the same excitement,joy, and relief from these debilitating mental disorders as I have 
From as long as I could remember I have always been afraid of my mother. I have memories of her as a small child leaving me home alone for house, not letting me eat dinner or making me eat in my room by myself and constantly hitting me with a spatula or slapping me or digging her nails into me. When I bring this up she gets pissed off and tells me she does not remember and I should drop on my head or fuck off if I think she was such a horrible mother. She made me feel like such a naughty, horrible child that gradually I guess I may have become one because the discipline never stopped. For my whole life she has mocked me, made me feel like shit and teased me about having autism. I have a memory of her trying to drown me in the pool once but she said she was just playing games and that she loves me. She does so much to try and prove her love to me - she takes me on massive holidays around the world, I go to concerts and lots of cool places and she feeds me, clothes me and puts a roof over my head so I feel like maybe it isn't abuse? But when she gets really mad I never feel safe and I end up walking out of the house. She throws stuff at me, swears at me calling me a fucking ungrateful bitch and a slut and never lets me feel safe and secure. But afterwards she will always cuddle me and apologise - but then it happens again? She mocks me in front of her and my friends, she insults the way I dress and do my makeup and just makes me feel shit about myself. Sometimes she just screams at me. When she is angry in the car she drives very aggressively and violently which makes me and my siblings feel unsafe - they always cry. She hits them as well. They are much younger than me though - only 11 and 9 (I am 15). But they ALWAYS forgive and forget and suck up to her because they want her to love them. My dad who I think is the only parents I feel slightly safe around never does anything to stand up for us he just watches it happen and afterwards tells us its our fault and that we shouldn't piss her off. My dad has also hit me, grabbed me and thrown me. Although he won't admit it. They all have lots of friends and are widely liked by everybody. No one I know would really believe me so am I going crazy?? I have developed severe depression, suicidal thoughts and anxiety which causes me to panic and get so stressed which then gets mum pissed off so she starts abusing everybody. But afterwards she blames me, calls me abusive and says that I always start it with my carry ons. My mum refuses to take me to a doctor or up my anti-depressants even though my psychologist (who she takes me to because she thinks I'm badly behaved and sick) has told her numerous times that she thinks it is very important for me to see a psychiatrist. She doesn't care. She doesn't like me talking to other people in fact she hates it and calls it betrayal. When she abuses me she tells me "don't fucking say shit to your therapist" and mocks me. She always mocks me and pulls the piss out of me especially in front of my friends but everyone thinks its funny because I've never told anyone. I do not understand everything I've been lead to believe my whole life because I have been taught that I'm a naughty and terrible child but up until now because I'm nearly 16 I can see the faults in their parenting and I really need to know even though they do so much for me? A while ago I started drinking and smoking, which I have recently stopped. Is this abuse?
I'm new here, but I've been really troubled these past few weeks and I need somewhere to vent.Basically, when I was in high school I got a boyfriend in the 9th grade. It wasn't the best but things got really bad when I tried to break up with him in 11th grade. He threatened suicide almost everyday for over a year, he would self harm and show me pictures, he isolated me from friends, and did so much more that I don't want to write here. Eventually he got a new girlfriend somewhere in 12th grade and began to leave me alone and I didn't talk to him for almost a year after we graduated. But after a while, I wondered if I could try talking out what happened with him. It kind of worked, but ultimately he would end up blowing up at me when we started to talk more deeply about the abuse. This would go on until the end of last year. The last argument got really bad and I thought I finally had enough and could leave for good.However a few months ago, my mental health took a nosedive and I felt very alone. I ended up contacting him again and this time, he seemed like he was actually listening to me. It's been two months now, and he has paid me back almost all the money he had taken from me back in high school. I was even able to bring up the fact he had sexually assaulted me, something I was never able to do since the week he had done it. The last time I had brought it up, he tried to kill himself. Despite the fact we've been able to have a mostly civil discussion over the abuse, I feel bad. He still says ignorant things that hurt me and even though I want him to understand just how badly he's affected me, he just can't get it. And I'm just so confused that he could go from being that abusive person to being able to hear me out and accept what he's done in the span of a couple months?I'm just so sick of going back to him. Even with talking about the abuse, that brought only some relief. These past few days have been so hard especially and I feel like talking with him is not doing me much good. But he's all I've known these past few years and I feel ashamed that I keep doing this. I'm scared to tell my counselor, because I've already told her that I was done with him and wouldn't contact him anymore. She's also going on vacation for three weeks and I don't think I can wait that long to see someone anyways. I want to believe I don't have to put up with him, he doesn't have to be in my life and I can grow beyond him. I'm so scared of leaving and setting up boundaries, because trying before always hurt me. It's not like that now but I'm still so scared.Also I've recently remembered something. Whenever I try to have sex with my significant other, I almost always burst into tears. This is a result of both my ex-boyfriend and another guy who had sexually assaulted me in the past year. My ex-boyfriend at one point tried to rape me but stopped before he had inserted a finger. But back when I was trying to break up with him, he didn't take it very well so I asked if we could go on a break instead to hopefully soften the blow (a bad idea.) He tried to please me in various ways so I would get back together with him but it just wasn't working. He ended up rubbing my clitoris, I let him but I felt it was hopeless to say no to begin with. I was barely responsive but I orgasmed and it made me feel very dirty. I think this is why I have trouble having sex, any kind of sexual pleasure and especially orgasming makes me think of this and I feel awful about myself. I'm not sure if I can call this a sexual assault though? I never said no and as far as he knew, I seemed to like it. Could anyone help me out with what to name this experience?Thanks for reading
The warrior life podcast is a podcast my fiance does where she covers lots of topics but her main goal has always been to help others.  As a survivor of abuse she wants to help others like her most of all.  I thought it might be helpful for others to listen.  Thanks http://www.michellerosefit.com/overcoming-childhood-abuse-2/
I just remembered something from my teenage years (can't recall my exact age -_-). One day in November, I got in trouble from my siblings. I accidently told my mother that I wish I was dead... oh how I can turn back time to stop myself from saying that. She was really pissed off at me. She wasn't crying or feeling guilty. All she had was a red face. I didn't think much of it because I always made (and STILL make) dumb mistakes. I could of never seen this coming. Turns out, she called my father- which is an abusive druggie. Later on that day.. maybe like the evening, he came over and kicked my ass. It's not like he hit me with his hand or a wooden paddle or belt. I got spanked with a large metal spoon. When he was spanking me, he hit my left wrist, my left ankle, and right on my fucking forehead. I had a huge lump on my forehead that didn't go away for weeks. Thing that gets me is that, no one ever asked me what happened. I mean, if someone I knew had a huge ass lump on their forehead. I'll ask them what happened. I couldn't move my wrist without feeling pain. I was convinced that he had definitely broke it. I could barely walk, I was in so much pain. My father told me that if I wanted to kill myself, "Then go right ahead and kill yourself." That stuck with me for years and I hope one day that I drop dead. Anyway, idk why I even wrote this... Thank you if you read it. It's past 2am and I should get to bed. - Sarah Xx
I'm 13 and I'm posting this because I need advice. I can't go to my parents because they both are going through a lot of stuff and aren't in their right minds at the moment.When I was a around six I had a friend that didn't really act like a normal friend. She was the same age as me and that is why I'm wondering if this is considered abuse. She would touch my genitals and force me to touch hers. I never wanted to do it, but she said she would tell the teachers I was bullying her if I didn't. ( I know I was stupid to think the teachers would believe her, but I went to a hard core Christian school at the time that had rumors of a paddle being used on children in the principals office) She would randomly get angry at me, would insult me and then get angry at me for being hurt by what she said. When ever we were alone she would pretend she was dying and when I freaked out and started crying or try to help her she would laugh at me and call me stupid. One time she actually got an asthma attack and I didn't help her cause I thought she was just trying to fool me again. I tried to get out of our friendship every now and then and she would start crying and tell me I was and awful person.Luckily me and my family moved away and I lost contact with her. I'm pretty sure my anxiety, paranoia and low self esteem is caused by the things she did to me, but I'm not angry at her since she probably had to go through some of the things she did to me. So, does this classify  as abuse? Im really hoping that some of you could give me some advice.
I posted this one other place in the hopes I'll get responses today.I have had an endlessly miserable, bizarre life. My childhood was a perfect storm of white trash, pedophiles, drinking alcohol in grade school, senile, mentally ill parents and intense bullying in school. I am diagnosed with severe Ptsd, binge eating disorder, bipolar and I have health problems stemming from being nearly 400 pounds. My life is now in the hands of a semi incompetent social service agency and living in section 8 housing. I can't go out at night because where I live is a warzone.With all this, the main thing I'm obsessed with is how my family life came to an end.Until I was 31 I was in a complicated toxic mama's boy/hostage situation with my bizarre mother. The reasons why I never left changed constantly, sometimes a sibling demanded I stay, other times I felt I couldn't do any better. I often lost jobs because I was forbidden to get help because inevitably the agency would start talk of removing me from the situation. I was threatened with instant homelessness if I continued medication/counseling.The last seven years of this was spent in another state near my oldest, psycho, controlling sister. She often used bullying, "gaslighting" and physical threats against me and my mother. I was often subject to extortion, always having to work lousy jobs that didn't pay enough even when I was severely symptomatic (like having a psychotic episode). She and Mom both made sure I didn't have friends or date because I might have allies that could help me escape.Mom got really sick in 2006 and her control loosened enough I got a well paying factory job and she let me drive again. (That priviledge had gone away by 1998). Turned out she had terminal brain and lung cancer. My sister, along with the other two nasty siblings, swooped in to really let me have it. The oldest sister got legal control of most everything regarding Mom and decided I couldn't keep the apartment. (Even though I was on the lease) She and her boyfriend hammered at me with abuse, theft, extortion, intense harassment. Ultimately she wasn't patient enough to wait for the lease to be up and shut off the utilities, forcing me to flee. I was then cut off from anything to do with the family, though she did show up at the old apartment looking for how to find me to squeeze more money out of me. Her boyfriend told me on the phone that I was going to get a "big surprise". A few weeks later, my car was sabotaged. I eventually lost my job, my sanity and ended up homeless in a largely rural area in a period where I was raped and degraded in countless ways by the rigors of homeless life.Eventually I was picked up for vagrancy one too many times and given a one way bus ticket to where I'm at now.I can't get over what happened. I blame my sister's actions 9 years ago for finally finishing me off. I can't get my act together. I am slowly dying from being super obese. I haven't dated or had friends outside of a treatment setting since I got here.All I think of is finally arguing with my surviving family members for abusing me my whole life and then leaving me to die. I didn't even go to the funeral on account of "Jared" threatening me and not being able to drive two hours to where the funeral was held. I occasionally block my number and leave siblings screaming, nasty messages finally fighting back about the endless abuse. I was never allowed to stand up for myself or I'd get punished. I am aware my oldest sister's business she started since I've been gone is failing and I can't help but hope she ends up like I did.I feel like I may die soon and my life is worthless and always has been.
Lately I have been feeling odd, and I'm not sure where to go. I don't really feel comfortable going to any of the few people I am close to so I decided to come here, somewhere I could be anonymous. I have been thinking a lot lately about my ex who abused me, but not in a bad way. Part of me feels like I should hate him, but I never have. He and I started dating when I was 15, and officially broke up when I was 18 (I am 21 now so it has been a while, and only officially because I couldn't stop myself from going back to him,) and I still can't seem to get him out of my head. Any time I am stressed, he always seems to be a voice in the back of my head telling me I can't make it through, like he was an actual voice when I was with him. When we were dating, it started out as him putting me down, geting upset that I wasn't physically connected to him practically constantly, and I thought he must just be really cuddly or something so I started doing as he asked. Then he went away to college just as I turned 16, and we started to maintain a long distance relationship. Pretty much as soon as he left, he started logging into my facebook and my email, reading all my private messages and emails, accusing me of cheating when I had male friends. As time went on, he would accuse me of cheating more and more, then started telling me not to talk to certain people, and got to the point where he told me not to talk to his best friend. I wasn't happy, but after he kept telling I was doing him wrong by speaking to these other boys, I started to believe him and eventually he told me not to speak to any boys, except my teachers and brothers, so I did because I thought I could fix us that way. He had younger friends in my grade watch me to see if I was talking to any one that I wasn't telling him about. He would randomly show up to my house or my school, even though his college was 2 hours away and he didn't have a car. Any time he would come to "suprise" me, it would end badly. Eventually he began forcing me to do things that I didn't want to sexually, telling me that if I loved him, that I would do these things, no matter how many times I said no, if he said yes, then I would do it,  just because he had me convinced that I had hurt him and I didn't deserve him. He would say things to me like, "your vagina is loose. Who have you been fucking?" Or tell me that having sex with me was like throwing a pencil down a hallway, which to a 16/17 year old girl ruined my self image because I knew I wasn't being unfaithful, and it must have just been me. Eventually, about 7 months into the relationship, he started to hit me all the time and bruise me during intercourse because he felt I needed punishment. He always did it in a spot where it would be covered by a tshirt because I was still a minor and going to high school, as well as living with my parents. Something that may hurt even more though is that my mother saw many of the bruises and she is not dumb enough to think I had actually fallen that many times as I told her I had, yet she did nothing and said nothing about it. For two and a half years. All while he continued to up his punishments for me. He told me that if I did not cry, I obviously wasn't sorry enough, even if he just yelled at me over the phone. After we broke up (not because we had a bad relationship, but because I went to a different campus of the same university as his,) I finally told him I had been unhappy and that we weren't getting back together once I went to the same campus as he did. He began to cry a lot after that, but also become furious. We dated on and off until I realized I couldn't take anymore and broke it off. Fast forewarding a few months I had started a new relationship and he started to talk to me again, and I told him we could hang out for his birthday but only as friends. My room mate was supposed to be home, but had gotten caught in a bad snow storm a few hours away. He came over and tried to convince me to have sex with him by saying, "your boyfriend doesn't have to know, it's only once. You would have done this to me," I told him no, and confidently told him I never have and never would cheat on him or anybody else, at which he said he didn't care anymore, and tried to hold me down and force me to. After I pushed him off and grabbed a knife, he tried to hug me and say, "sorry, I over reaccted," and when I pushed him out the door, he tried to throw money at me as an apology or whatever he though it was. After that, I cut him out of my life completely and have continued to date the same guy I started dating when that happened, and I am happy with him. Yet, lately, even though I know all of this happened and would happen again, if not ten fold, I have started to miss him in a way, and I have been thinking about if he is well now, or if he still struggles with his anger. I've been listenin to all the sappy love songs that remind me of him, because even with all the bad, I can still remeber all the good. I don't want to think about him but I can't keep myself from doing it either. It feels like there is a war going on inside of my head and body, and all I want to do is to lie down and have some quiet, curl up and not exist for a while, then maybe all these conflicting thoughts and feeling would go away, and I could pick my life back up and move on, to be happy, but I can't seem to get anywhere with myself. I haven't spoken to him in two and a half years and he still manages to continue to hurt me somehow. How am I supposed to move on with my life when on the inside, I'm still 16 and doing whatever he wants, but on the outside I am 21 and pretending everthing will be alright?
So my story is out there if you search- i was raped by my dad at age 14 and had a host of other negative abusive shit from both parents. Anyways I had a weird recovered memory last week and it made me really angry but was also a huge eyeopener so i wanted to share.So, when i was about 18-20 i sort of on/off dated this guy. Mostly Friends with benefits. Anyways, we shared fantasies and whatnot and he always thought it would be like the hottest thing ever to wake me up by initiating sex while I was still asleep. He wanted to do it and i couldn't explain why, but it creeped the hell out of me. One time, we were camping, and i woke up when his hand went between my legs. I grabbed his wrist, looked him dead in the eye and said NO. He stopped. I still couldn't explain why i didn't want that, i just was creeped out by it.Fast forward to the present: I saw my therapist last thursday, it was kind of a stressful day, i had some stuff making me anxious (not sexual abuse related, but whatever.) It was an okay appointment, not particularly great but whatever. I decided to drive 2 hours north afterwards to do some shopping and have dinner with a friend. I also was songwriting in my head while driving (I play music and stuff) and a lot of my content is an outlet for my frustrations with being an abuse survivor so I had the topic on my brain.For some reason, the old boyfriend popped into my head. And i remembered his thing about wanting to wake me up by stimulating me, and how weird i thought it was. And all of a sudden it clicked: I was averse to it because THAT IS WHAT MY DAD DID TO ME. MY DAD CAME INTO MY BED AT NIGHT WHILE I WAS SLEEPING AND HAD SEX WITH ME. I PRETENDED IT WASNT HAPPENING OR THAT IT WAS A BAD DREAM AND PRETENDED TO BE ASLEEP. THAT IS WHY i was so creeped out by being woken up by sex.I got so mad i screamed and punched the steering wheel a lot. I was so fucking mad. Finally it made sense. That scumbag....
I was abused by my cousin when I was a child. For the longest time, I didn't know which cousin abused me – I only remembered being choked, burnt, hit, cut, and hurt. Then, last year, one of my sisters told me which cousin it was.Every now and then I think of all the mental issues I've struggled with due to that abuse. I think of how I can't handle having my father pat me on the back or being hugged by my sisters at holiday gatherings. I think of all the times I've taken broken CDs to my body because I felt like the pain was the only thing I deserved. I think of each of my suicide attempts and my stay at a mental hospital that was just as traumatic as the abuse. In these moments, I write letters to my cousin detailing all the depression, anxiety, panic attacks – everything I've struggled with that all started with her abuse when I was a child.I can never decide whether or not I should send each letter after I write it. I want her to know what she's done to me. I want her to realize the effect her abuse has had on me. I want her to feel, in any way, the pain I've gone through because of her. But what will that accomplish? It doesn't change what I've gone through, right? I can't help but think I won't get any peace or satisfaction from doing so.My biggest fear isn't that it won't bring me peace but that she won't admit to what she's done. Or, even worse, that she won't remember it at all. I'm terrified to think that the things she did to me as a child, events that have had such a formative effect on my life, mean so little as to have had no lasting memory for her. I don't know if I could handle that.I don't know what I'm asking or even if I'm asking anything at all. I guess I just wanted to get this all out.
I've post this on offmychest but it seems the people doesn't understand, ... I'll repost it here ... the whole text.I cannot do the bare minimum of anything. I need to survive out of this.I have done nothing in my life so far. When I say nothing, it literally means nothing.I was scared about interviews in high school and didn’t go for it. I was scared to go out with people. I was scared to hangout. My parents don’t allow me to do anything. I did end up in a club in my school, but whenever I do anything, I did it by myself. I bought the materials by myself. I was so depressed. I can’t walk, eat. I stayed up until 4:00 am every single morning. My dad doesn’t care. My mom has already find a new narcissistic supply for herself.. Nobody cares, nobody cares in this family.I stayed home, played games, eat food cooked by my nanny, the only place I would go is the bookstore. When I go, I don’t speak to anyone. I don’t do anything. I went to academic talks, but I don’t share with other people. I go alone and leave alone. I think by myself, eat by myself, go out by myself and never talk to other people. The world to me seemed to be an oyster, but really it’s just me being delusional about everything.Why did I never get any challenges in my life? Why am I so stupid? Why do I seem to have no common sense in everything?This all stems from not having a real parent all the time. In fact, it is far worse. I don’t know what have I done in my life to deserve this. My parents wanted to kill me. The worse I am the happier they are. It’s crazy to even say this but my mom truly gives no shit about my life. I’m depressed and helpless. I want to survive on the Earth. I failed every interview so far. I’ve fried some fries. I failed that every job. Everyday at work is a torture, even at class, it is. I don’t understand why a kind, sensitive person like me would have end up in a story like this. I feel like I am too young, too naïve. Why does life have to be such a crush on me? To compared to most of my peers, I’m 20 and I’m even a little more mature than them, but no, it’s just my wishful thinking that I am more mature. In reality, I’m just a naïve dickhead.I have so much student loans ahead of me. I loose my focus. I don’t know if I should invest in artistic side, which I consider possible but have never done before. Or, if I should invest in a burger-flipping job, which means I have to spend tons of time to get through my issue first. I have depression, PTSD. So many years of abuse, it leads me to this dark pitch.I ask myself when will this come to an end. I have issues. Simply put it this way, I have PTSD, depression, social anxiety, which keeps me from getting a survival thing in life. I am depressed to this point. I need to get out of there. The light seems to be further than I thought. I looked up to the sky and ask myself, when can I light up these issues and finally get a job and thus move on?For whoever has read until here, thank you. I'm just a naive child looking for nothing in this world. Everyday seems to be a glimpse of hope, but there is just really really really slow, and probably I will die someday anyways.
My grandmother was very abusive towards me. She already passed away and I feel very relieved. Also, I think her disappearance from the earth contributed to the decrease of evil power on this earth. I am not by any means an dictatorial person who wants to extinguish other races, religions or nations like dirty politicians; however, when an evil person such as my grandmother disappears, I feel the earth became cleaner and I feel greatly good about that.She has never treated me as a person. She treated me as her servant. She would bring me to a shop and ordered me to talk to the shop staff on behalf of her. She is not by any means handicapped in listening and speech. She just like ordering and seeing that people obey her. She always acted as if I was not equal to her. To her, I was a person in the lower classes. Generally, grandparents are very sweet to their grandchildren, right? However, in my case, she lacked a loving aspect in her personality. She behaved like a haughty feudal lord. There was not loving or caring attitudes in her by any means. I wish I had a right grandmother who is loving and caring. My grandmother was a trashy one.I was born in the country where the seniority system is absolute. The system tells us that you must respect your parents; you must follow your grandparents; you do not need to have your opinions; you must obey senior people. This system is not by any means healthy for children. Their ideas and opinions are oppressed. They become like a robot who is programmed just to obey the seniority system.Now I want to release myself from the spell. I want to tell myself that I don't need to be a servant of someone. I am my own boss. 
I'm so angry right now. I'm having a hard time processing the level of unacceptable and disrespect that I've been dealing with from my family. I've never posted about this before but my therapist is out of town until next week and I just need to get it out.Some history: I was sexually abused by my great-uncle when I was about 5. The only ones in the family who I've talked to at all are my uBPD mom and sister. My mom then told my brother and about how the same uncle had raped her years ago. My mom has been emotionally/physiological abusive my whole life and physically at a couple points.In the last year my brother, knowing at least the basics of what happened, asked me to return to the house where it all happened with the aunt and uncle there. I knew from my mom it was too announce his engagement. I picked him up but refused to leave my running car. I still have nightmares about that place and had several panic attacks throughout the day before going to pick him up. He acted like i was being overly dramatic, and had previously accused me of making it up to hurt other people. His wedding was the weekend of labor day this year. I hadn't talked to him since the announcement. My mom told me when I expressed anxiety (generally, not specifically about setting that uncle) that my brother was being a jerk and said uncle wouldn't be there. I ended up not going because of pain related to 2 car accidents. The doctors I see have me a "no fly" letter. A few weeks later was my birthday. My grandma says the wedding was nice and it was nice to see asking and uncle there. I'm pissed because my own mother lied to me about my abuser being there and my brother would rather believe that the man can do no wrong. Fast forward another couple weeks to yesterday. My brother and his new wife are visiting, I learned from my grandpa, and there is a party being planned for them. I think, "okay I can do that. It's close to home and I have my own car to leave." Only to find out it's at this same aunt and uncle's home! The one I stall have nightmares about.I'm so livid at my brother's complete disregard and dismissive behavior. I'm not going and he can suck it. I'm so angry.
Even creating this Reddit account caused me to feel sick with dread. If I use my regular username of choice, he could potentially find this post. He would get angry, he'd contact me and tell me how terrible I am. But I'm tired of walking on eggshells. So I made this Reddit account, and I'm not going to hide behind some obscure username because of him. I'm tired of living in his shadow.I'm chronically long-winded so I'll try to keep this as succinct as possible (hah- that's not going to happen). I knew an emotionally (and occasionally physically) abusive person for 6-7 years. We were in a relationship for most of that time (we were constantly on-and-off due to the turbulent nature of the relationship). I ended things in August 2014 and the last time I heard from him was somewhere early 2015. I'm still trying to move past this. Still trying to heal. There's a lot of anger, but more than anything there is a strong need to be validated. Recognized. To be worthy of sympathy/empathy for the abuse I suffered.I just want to know the nature of my ex's form of abuse. I want to know if there is a specific label for it. So anyone's opinions on this I'd greatly appreciate. (I have my suspicions that the nature of the abuse was due to him being narcissistic, but I'm not sure). Okay, so here's just a sample of the kinds of things he would do;- use my weaknesses unfairly against me, especially during arguments, in an attempt to completely invalidate any of my opinions/feelings on a subject (e.g. “You know you have a bad memory, Kariosus. What you're remembering never happened.")- praise himself for "good" behaviour and then criticize me for not following suit- he'd constantly dismiss my hurt feelings as emotional-immaturity and that I needed to “grow up” and become independent- He'd use my name against me during arguments (e.g. “That's not how it works, *Kariosus*.” ) Thus making every statement he said a lot more personal, direct, overpowering, and hurtful.- he was extremely particular with semantics and most of our arguments were a result of me choosing one wrong word and him becoming extremely agitated. Even for simple things, if I called a sweater that had a zipper and a hood a “hoodie” he would always get annoyed, and irritably inform me “No, Kariosus, it's a *JACKET*.” It got to the point I'd automatically apologize if I slipped up and said the word “hoodie”. :/- I'd be telling him about my feelings (he hurt me a lot so I expressed it a lot) and he'd tune me out, claiming it was out of habit due to his abusive mother's ranting. It hurt because I'd be thinking I was having a heart-to-heart with him and suddenly I find out he wasn't listening at all, and he just respond with “I'm sorry but I just tune people out when they start droning on like that.” Ouch. How dismissive.- constantly get irritated with me for not understanding something right away, or getting angry with me for not knowing something he hadn't even told me about yet (he seemed to expect me to read his mind)- he would use phrases completely inappropriately to justify his cruelty e.g. he had said I was pathetic or something to that effect, I started to cry harder and I exclaimed “You're really hurting my feelings a lot!” to which he replied with “Well I'm sorry Kariosus, but it hurts because its true.”)- he'd constantly repeat the line “Are you *DENSE*?” whenever I had an opinion that didn't match his.- he'd frequently allude to his “higher than average IQ” in order to amp up his validity during argumentsOh and by the way our “arguments” mostly consisted of me telling him he had hurt my feelings and me crying and then him blaming me for it and then me refusing to back down (I'd defend myself) and then we just go in circles. For hours. Literally, hours. Anyways there is *so* much more than just that, this is just a tiny 2% snapshot of the type of behaviour he would display. Is there a label for this specific kind of abuse, or was he narcissistic? Is there some way to explain this kind of behaviour? (e.g. gas-lighting, things like that).
Someone who was best friends with my abuser was hired at my work.The place I work has been a safe haven in a town that makes me feel like I'm trapped in the past. Going there is like a breath of fresh air. Everyone's nice and always makes sure that everyone's okay and help them find solutions to stressful situations. The (ex?) best friend of my abuser is a nice person. Which makes me feel uncomfortable and uneasy. I feel like it would have been easier to tell my boss how I felt if he were horrible to me and now I feel like I have to close up. Which might alert my boss. I'm leaving in a few months, so maybe it's not worth it. I'm just really worried how I'll deal. I was diagnosed with PTSD. Since then, it's been both a blessing and a curse. I know what I'm going through now but my symptoms are a little hard to manage since I'm new to understanding it. It just sucks. Besides home, I was really happy with where I worked. Its helped me overcome my anxiety and helped me learn to control my depression. It's a big deal to me to have this place feel "tainted" and remind me that the past isn't too far behind.I'm not really asking anything but I thought I'd post so I can let these negative feelings out so I can start planning what I'll do. 
Sometimes when I meet people and they are nice to me, my first thought is either they want something from me or even worse, they want to have sex with me. And then I think I should have sex with them because they are being nice and I need to keep them being nice to me.  And I know this is fucked up thinking. This isn't a healthy reaction.So I'm curious if anyone else experiences this?!? Hopefully some one has some suggestions on dealing with these thoughts? 
Reading the askreddit post about 'adults who never got adopted' really hit home for me, even though I wasn't lucky enough to even make it to the foster care system. I understand how bad kids can have it in any system, but I would've at least had a chance that way.I really missed that train, like always. It's too late for me, I'm 21 now. I can't sleep most nights, and have recurring nightmares re-experiencing beatings and situations where I was running and hiding for my life, or considering escape or offing myself. In general, I'm a happy person now, which makes me feel guilty about when I go home and long for a life where my parents had just been murdered or something, a la Batman. Or going to the public restroom to have a cry, and scratch up my left arm until it bleeds, because that somehow relieves some tension in me.I also feel guilty because I have a wonderful, supportive boyfriend over several lovely years. But I'm essentially handicapped when it comes to functioning normally, especially in potential conflict. In a small bickering with my boyfriend or my *"I-wish-he-was-my-father,"* older friend, I can't help but cry and I have to leave or I fall apart. I flinch at anything and everything, expecting something to start beating me. (people liked to sneak up on me to get in a few good punches or smacks with a blunt object, so I may be conditioned.)During a game lasertag a few weeks ago, I collapsed and fell to pieces when I was inadvertently cornered in a mere play-fight battle of lasertag. I can't imagine seriously sitting down with a counselour even if I could afford it or had insurance. My only two encounters with counselours were negative and they either A- were a "family counselour," and wanted to force me to reconcile with the people who continuously appear in my night terrors, or B- the guardian ad litem during my parents divorce, who gave zero shits and just wanted this to be over for her. I've kept this all in for so long, and the specifics and true extent of my memory of the abuse has only ever been uttered to you guys, on this alternate account. I haven't been to the doctor in years, because I don't have insurance, my birth-father screwed me over and cut off my funding for the one thing he ever provided for me, as punishment for when I moved out of his unsafe, abusive household. Now I'm in debt thousands because of how badly he ended things with the insurance co., so I'm badly set back, especially seeing as I only found a minimum wage job.Back when I had insurance and a doctor though, I had a kindof shady doctor who apparently shouldn't have been medicating my mental health, but would anyway, and provided a steady supply of free samples of things like Xanax. God, I wish I'd stocked up for these years. I should be like "Oh it's over now, it's not happening anymore, so I'm finally fine and dandy," but I can't do it. :( I'm ruined, and not whole, and there's nothing I can ever do about it. I'm a timer set to go offline. I'm just barely staying afloat lately, and something's going to change for the worse if I keep on like this.
Any advice would be appreciated. I have a truly wonderful boyfriend who encouraged me to go to therapy and has supported me every step of the way whether I feel like talking to him about things or not. I'm really lucky there. But I could use advice from people who have been through this.It has taken over a quarter of a century and I am only now starting to admit to myself that I was abused growing up. My mom would slap me and spank me as hard as she could. She would tell me how awful I was (she once told me I was heartless. This was in a restaurant and she kept at it until I cried. She then said she was glad to see I did, in fact, have a heart. I was 16 and she did this because I didn't yell at my dad and get mad when she wanted me to. She called me a heartless traitor). I still remember the sting on my cheek as I finally regained feeling after one of her slaps. It was really. fucking. hard. She is 5'9" and as a full grown adult I am 5'6". I never stood a chance. And she would get SO mad. To this day yelling sets me off.To make matters worse, my older brother (by 2 years) used to beat the crap out of me and tell me every horrible thing he could think of. And when I say beat the crap out of me I mean when I was 13 and he was 15 he once flipped me over his shoulder into a cabinet because I said hi to his friend. He later discovered a pressure point in the back that would cause paralyzing pain. How do I know? Because he practiced pressing it on me, and then showed off to his friends by pressing it. I still remember sitting there unable to move, trying as hard as I could to break free from the pain. To twist away. Anything. And his friends just sat there and watched as I was unable to move because of the intense pain I was in. On top of that he told me I was ugly, fat, stupid, and useless. Once I was playing gameboy too loud (the sound was off, but he could hear the pressing of buttons) so he said if I didn't stop he would throw me out of the window and piss on my dead body. That's verbatim.And my reaction to all this? Guilt. My poor mom. She was beaten so much worse growing up. She had a poor example. She didn't know any better. Her parents hit her. She became an alcoholic. She's so delicate, how can I be mad at her? That'll just hurt her more. And with that example, how could my brother know any better? He was hit too, right? He must be so angry. He had to take it out on someone. He didn't know any better. Who the hell am I to be mad at them?I saw them today and now I can't sleep because every time I close my eyes I go right back to sitting there in blinding pain with my brother hurting me. If an older woman I'm close to yells in another room I panic. Literally. Heart racing, react without thinking, panic. I have diagnosed PTSD from how I was raised by my mom. And so, Reddit, I ask you... How do I stop feeling guilty? How do I stop feeling like this was my fault? I'm so angry at how I was treated and then I go right into feel bad because how could my mom or brother know any better after how they were raised? Was how I was raised normal? Am I being dramatic? My dad (divorced from my mom), stepmom, and boyfriend all say no. In fact, my stepmom says to cut contact with anyone who doesn't treat me how I think I deserve to be treated and that my brother and mom are abusive and I should stay away from them. But I can't help thinking that I'm being shitty and dramatic and blowing things out of proportion. After all, this didn't bother me this much until I started going to therapy. Of course before that I was unhappy, angry, and insanely depressed to the point of thinking about hurting myself... I thought I was stupid, and ugly, and fat and useless... a burden to anyone who wanted me in their life... but I didn't tie it to the abuse. I'm so confused. Sorry for the wall of text. I don't know what think or how to feel. I feel awful for how I feel. I wanted for nothing growing up- my dad worked his ass off and provided for us very comfortably. I feel like I shouldn't get to complain. I had a mom, dad, brother, and financial security. SO many people don't get that, and who the hell am I to complain about anything when I'm that lucky? But I'm so angry and I feel so guilty. I could really use some advice on whether or not how I feel is ok and how I can deal with it. I'm sorry for annoying anyone with this post. I'm really not trying to be dramatic or deflect from those who have been through worse. What I went through was bad for me. I have no idea how normal it was and no idea how to deal with it.
Hello guys and girls,I really like the idea of this sub as a place where we can talk and share our experience. Unfortunately I still haven't completely untangled what is experience, but it's a working progress.Anyway here's my poem.Poor little girl,Trapped all alone.Poor little girl,This is your home.Tick tock,Time passes by.Tick tock,When will it fly?Day by day,Keeping bead above water.Day by day,Because you are their daughter.Year by year,You know you'll get through.Year by year,Don't let them destroy you.Grown little girl,Now you are free.Grown little girl,Be who you want to be.
Yet again, I'm having trouble eating. I can't bring myself to do it. I'm flooded with memories of deprivation and punishment for sneaking food/water. I'm remembering the textures of the things that my father made me eat when he found out. I want so badly to share more, but I can't. I'm ashamed and humiliated.I can't find food that feels "safe". I'm desperately hungry, but physically cannot bring myself to eat. I'm extremely distressed.My fiance has been trying to help me-- making sample sizes of different foods, masking flavors, overcooking/undercooking to change texture (if safe)... he's frustrated and angry on my behalf. I feel horrible for even allowing him into my life. He's a wonderful person. He doesn't deserve to feel this way. He's angry with my father and he feels helpless. I'm trying so hard to alleviate his pain but I can't.I'm sorry for ranting. I feel a million different kinds of messed up right now.
I am really struggling. I just stumbled upon this sub and have been reading the posts feeling so much...feeling so much like I can relate. I struggle with accepting the level of abuse and neglect I went through as a kid because there were sprinkles of good. I was told I was loved. But then I was backed into a corner by my dad, yelling and screaming and throwing and hitting walls. I grew up in fear.Any way, I could try to go into all the details but it's so complicated. My parents were on again off again. Struggling with heroin addictions. Suffered neglect and had to raise myself. And my dad had an uncontrollable anger and rage. I went off to college and things got better because I had separation. But then my dad got into a nearly fatal motorcycle accident. I was there to....just be there I guess because I cared. His relationship with my mom was going down hill again. And I got into a really codependent relationship with him. He would call me every day crying and I would do my best to help him. But I was struggling with some pretty crippling depression of my own at the time. He and my mom broke up, then they got back together. My mom had a bf on the side. Things eventually blew up and they broke up again. My mom's family disowned me because I wasn't going to save her. My dad was barely staying afloat, disabled from the accident. I was lending him money, traveling 6 hours to visit him as much as I could. Then he became homeless. And I just had enough. I just couldn't be in the same room as him. Things got too thick. He had guilt, he would apologize to by long-term bf for the things he did when I was a kid. He would look at me and touch me and just want things to be like nothing ever happened and I couldn't do it. It made me feel physically sick to my stomach. There was this expectancy he had of me and I just didn't feel up to performing. There was a big elephant in the room that he was trying to ignore. Slowly I cut off contact with him. He was very angry about that and used a lot of emotional manipulation. I tried weening myself back into contact with him, but it wasn't enough for him. He wouldn't respect my boundaries. He would lash out at me and manipulate my feelings. This has been going on a year or two.Last night he sent me a message saying that he is angry with me. That I hurt him. That he can't hurt any more because he isn't alive any more. He is in urgent care. I am at a loss. I feel so manipulated. Why is it my responsibility to bring him happiness? Why do I have to be perfect? Why can't I be imperfect in this way, that I just don't have the capability to be in relationship with him right now? Why can't it be on my time?I know that if he hurts himself that it is not my fault. I know that I can't control the things he does. But I am hurting and anxious and sad and mad. I've been in Alanon for a year and a half and have made some great progress but this is just too much for me right now. Just wanted to get that out there and hear what anyone might have to say. If you read this, thanks. 
I’m on the autism spectrum first and foremost, so I’ve had the difficulties of living in a world not designed for me. But I’ve also come to realize that my own mother was emotionally abusive towards me. Emotional abuse of autistic people is actually quite common, whether the abuser realizes they’re doing it or not. So I decided to share how I came to realize that my mother fit a lot of the signs of emotional abuse.I distinctly remember feeling as if my opinions or emotions were wrong. In fact, she also disregarded my thoughts and opinions. I distinctly remember one time when she promised me that I could take a break for 15 minutes for every hour I did my homework and even set the timer. So of course I’m counting on this being twelve years old. What happened instead? She broke her promise and forced me to help her do the laundry. And then she was completely and utterly shocked when I was crying and upset. This wasn’t the only moment where she broke her promises either. I also told her, after a physical where I didn’t eat beforehand and also because I had to be somewhere within an hour, I wanted to do the bloodwork on a better day. So what does she do? Insist on me doing the bloodwork—and then is completely shocked when four people were ahead of me and then I’m upset because I’m not only late for where I need to be but am hungry as fuck.Tying in with this sort of behavior, my mother found it extremely difficult to laugh at herself—and still does. After engaging in behavior like this repeatedly, she also has difficulty apologizing. Furthermore, whenever I tell her that I don’t like it when she, for example, fails to knock on my door before coming into my room or talk to me when I repeatedly asked her to stop talking to me when I told her to leave me alone for a few hours, she would either not do anything to change her behavior or would make an attempt to correct it only to revert back to her old habits within a few days or even a few hours claiming I never told her what I needed from her.Of course I couldn’t really do anything to call her out on it. If I did express how I felt, it was easy for her to dismiss my feelings, make me feel inferior to her and like she was always right, and to remind me of my own shortcomings. After all, I have Asperger’s syndrome. What would I know of the real world like she does?And then there were the times when she chose to essentially emotionally abandon me. If she was upset with me, even if I didn’t do anything particularly wrong, she just withdrew her attention and affection and would pretend I didn’t even exist. Furthermore, there were plenty of times when she just told someone what I wanted as if she somehow expected herself to know what was going on inside my head—and then was shocked when she was wrong and would get upset like it was my fault. No questions, no signs of empathy, no nothing. One time, when I got into an accident and was taken to the hospital as a mere precaution, she violated my privacy and decided to tell the doctors and EMTs I was autistic even though it wasn’t her prerogative to do so and even though I have barely any sensory issues at all.It hurts very much that I was the victim of emotional abuse—and it also hurts that I feel like I can’t really express it to others aside from my therapist and my father (both of whom agree with my assessment of what happened) because having high-functioning autism frequently means it’s easy for others to dismiss what I went through as just me misinterpreting what was going on.To be fair, I don’t entirely blame my mother for being emotionally abusive. It’s still wrong and disgusting, but my mother was the victim of emotional abuse—and on a level that I’m glad I didn’t experience with her. “No wonder you don’t have any friends!” “Well maybe if you’d just shut up, nobody would know how ignorant you are!” Imagine having your mother yell that at you day in and day out and you have a basic idea of what she went through. So while I don’t condone what she did and indeed resent her for it, I don’t think she was intentionally abusive and I also feel at least some measure of compassion for her.
At this moment in time im in the best spot in life ive ever been in. Moving out of my parents to go live with ny partner,moving to start a new life in a new country,i have plenty of friends and people supporting me and financial stability.But it wasnt always so pleasantAt the age of 15 i got with my thought of a "prince charming" (as young girls do) Within a week of this new relationship i was cheated on,it was just a kiss and a grope but none the less cheating in my eyes,my ex begged for forgiveness so i stayed with him.While having arguments i would go and sit by my door so that he couldn't leave (we stayed at my family home alot in my bedroom) while trying to keep the relationship going and trying so that he would listen to my part of the argument,during this he would proceed to call me a fat slag and spit on me and threaten to hit me but never did at this point. Id become isolated by him telling me that my friends where bad people and bad influences so slowly drifted away from people and as you could say..his property..(i was young and influental by males and with not being the brightest and the prettiest i took what i could have and wanted to keep it,especially the "bad boy popular" type.)So months going forward i got into a college and with him being younger this meant i got time away from him which i enjoyed but i was constantly worried that he was watching me or someone was and reporting back to him. Due to being alone and surrounded by guys when i got home my ex would proceed to check me when i got home, this meant checking my pants and the "looseness" of me,he was still young and so was i so when it came to discharge he didnt know the difference between discharge and cum. I would have to plead and convince him that i was telling the truth and nothing had happened, this eventually made me so scared and worried to the point i would take time of college to stay with him so he knew where i was at all times.Then came the first smack. He had found out i had a boy on my facebook and we had discuss which classes we were doing and exams via facebook to help eachother study the right topics, the ex boyfriend had found this out and had confronted me to the point he rang the boy up and threatened him, while trying to show him it was just a friendship he had smacked me around the face,the proceed to cry and ask for my forgiveness. Which he had gotten.A few weeks later he cheated on me once more At this point we were both 17-16 and he had gotten into drinking and smoking weed;hed stay out all night and come home early hours to then spend all day on the xbox and sleep all night and then this would be the routine every day while i went to college and worked and he would spend all the day in my room, expecting me cook and clean clothes when i got home, i had a group of girls around my home estate who would shout at me about him cheating on me which i didnt believe and this sent me into a downward spiral of depression,when he left i wanted to know where he was and who he was with, this caused his family to hate me and all his friends and i honestly thought i was going insane and he was finally telling the truth and was innocent,which later proved to be a lie when i found message on his fb of the girl and him exhanging words about the shared kiss. This came to where i once again forgave him.Then came the first bruise. A couple of months later my sister had gotten into a relationship with a new man who once came over very early morning to pick up some tools from my dad and while visiting i offered him a coffee and let him use the family pc for Facebook while over the i was still in my pjs which consisted of shorts and a top as i normally wear The man wasnt over for very long but i sat on the sofa with my ex partner while my sisters partner was there Once my sisters partner had left my ex accused me of flirting and then proceed to smack me on my inner thigh to leave a hand print and a bruise which had left a nice mark on me for a few days At this point of the relationship i was scared to leave and he knew secret of of my family which i didnt want to go public and i was also scared he would let things about me go public which i didnt want to. He then grew into the young boy of 17 who came on steriods and weight gain to become a muscley type. Things were okay for a while if i kept supplying him with money for his weed addiction and his steriods I had turned to online gaming at this point to get away from reality i was living in and the hell i couldnt get out of. Some of you may and some of you may not know about a game called lunaria story In lunaria you have to build friendships to get xp and to get through certain parts of the game which is difficult unless you pay to win . In lunaria i made a friendship guild and in this guild i grew incredibly close to a certain few In lunaria you gain extra xp being "married". So me and one of the guys in the guild decided to get married as i was very competitive and i like to be the best ar the games i play (no romance was involved just a strictly strong friendship bond) My ex partner one day noticed that i was playing with a guy and forbid me to play this game which i obliged to for a couple of weeks but i missed the only friends i had to i returned to the game. When returning to the game my ex had noticed i was playing it once more on this he became very angry to the point he smacked me in the face with my laptop and smashing my screen (bare in mind this is when the laptop where still chunky blackones)There were also little things i werent allowed to do such as not wearing a bra at home as he thought my brothwrs and father were looking at me,accusations of sleeping with my brother,not allowing to have my own facebook and also my phone being checked everyday and everynight but i wont go into little detailsWe split up a few months later due to him realisinghe wasnt in love with me and wanted to experiment with other girls(due to me being his only one)Since being split up from him i then got into a mentally abusive relationship with consisted of not having and privacy and being lied to but that hasnt affected me as much so i wont go into that.I am now in a much happier spot in life as i previously mentioned but somedays i am still terrorised of nightmares and fears of this happening again,its affected me in ways of my confidence i didnt realise until after we split and i would like to know how some ladies & men came over their abuse as im still scared this will scar me for life and i dont want this to affect my relationship with my partner so mucb that he leaves me.This ended nearly 2 years ago now and i am 21 and wish to forget it all and have a happy life with my partner and not be worried about when im gonna have a next down day I have been to psychiatrists the lot with no help.To answer some questions that may be asked. No my parents didnt know Please do not ask why i stayed if youve never been in a physical violent relationship you wont understand the way it keeps you locked like a prisoner Yes my current partner is aware of my past abuse. No these arent the only things he did but they are what points out the most to me. I was 100% loyal during the relationship and i only hit him once back which is when he gave me a bloody nose.Thankyou for reading and thankyou for your responses.
recently while visiting at my adopted parents house (maternal uncle and aunt), I was going through boxes in our basement and I found a folder containing pages and pages of information about me being sexually abused by my birth father when I was 2 years old. My whole life I always knew there was something my parents were keeping from me in regards to my adoption, they had always told me that my birth parents were drug addicts/alcoholics/mentally ill, and never really expanded on it. My mom always said my birth father was just a 'bad horrible man' and she is never one to get super angry but I remember when we found out he died when I was 18 she said "good". Now I know why. When I found the papers I had a horrible horrible panic attack and I was shaking for hours. Part of me is actually relieved because I actually have a lot of questions answered, and finding this out has actually explained a lot in terms of my behaviors (such as dissociating under stress) and things I've always wondered why I do. I also found documentation of psychological exams afterwards stating I had PTSD. It's been 2 days now and I can't stop thinking about everything I read, and I feel like I'm in a daze... I just don't know what to do.. I feel so utterly horrible, disgusted, and depressed; also I've been so anxious I can barely function. I need help( I posted this in adultsurvivors also)
My abuser's (ex?) best friend applied to my workplace the other day. He worked with my boss a few years ago and were on great terms. He isn't a bad person. My abuser's group of friends were actually very friendly. They are three or four years older than me. I met them when I became a freshman and began dating my abuser. I basically followed them around and they would share their lunch with me. I was pretty much just *there*, I wasn't anything to them. We'd hang out with his two best friends often.I was a stupid, horrible kid back then. Remembering that time is really scary and will send me into a depression and anxiety fit. I will suffer from flashbacks that I don't usually don't realize I'm experiencing.If he were hired, I feel like I will get worse. I will have to work harder to maintain a peace with myself which has been very difficult. I don't even know if I should tell my boss that hiring him makes me uncomfortable. Is it even right to do? I'm probably in the best place in my life right now. Things aren't perfect, and are in fact flawed, but I'm the happiest I've been. My workplace is a safe place for me to work because of how nice everyone is there. It's helped me work through a lot of my issues. It will feel tainted if he works there.What do I do?TL;DR : Abuser's kind best friend applied to my workplace, I don't want him to. I'm scared he's already been accepted or will be. Don't know if I should suck it up or tell my boss that this is making me uncomfortable.
Ok so literally this story is a long one and it still going on and probably wont end ever.So my mom met this man when I was 2 I have two older sisters one was 8 and the other 6 and a newborn brother. Anyway my sister who was 8 told us how he molested her and well he got arrested and went to jail for 5 years. And my two older sisters got to live with my grandma house.Fast forward to when im 7 and my mom actually took this man back and the first night he stayed over my brother and I peed in the bed (which my mom had known but she never whooped us) and well we lived in a one bedroom apartment and we had to sleep on the concrete floor. After he found out we peed, be in mind my brother and I never really knew him other than the man my mom went to go see in jail, he got a switch and beat us with it and my mom just wat didn't flitch or anything. Years and year went by with him beating on me and my brother for stupid stuff. Even beating my mom up in front of us. But she stayed. Also his parent was absive and when his mom kept us my mom will send us food to eat and shell make us clean up and shell eat our food with her grandchildren. (to show you how mean my mom is I told her her husband's dad was molesting me she just told me to shut up) So I guess by the time I got to 5th I was used to it. We got to move to a house where we had our own too twice but the last beating was when I was in 5th grade and well it was BAD! See at  school I got picked on and well got home my mom and him didn't care. So many times I went to school with bruises and my mom told me what to say so we would get in trouble. Like she whooped me with a stitchen cord and left a huge bruise on my neck but told me to say my brother bit me.stuff like that. But anyway my mom didn't see the bruises he left on us that day and neither did I cause they was on my back. So I went to school and got to my home too and tried to sit in my chair but could not sit back so I got to go to the nurse and she was like you got a whooping last night? And I was still trying to fight tears cause I was a sensitive kid and didn't want to get in trouble but I said yes and she was like I can tell and took pictures of my back and long story short we got taken away.Ok so 2 yrs went by and I got to go back to my mom since she said HE was out of the pictures for good so they gave us back. The night we went back to live with her she said I taking yall to WalMart so get ready. Anyway we got ready and we got in the car and lo and freaking behold he was in there! I thought what the heck maybe he changed? Well he did alright.So my mom was always working and I was home by myself cause mostly my brother was with his friends and at this time my 2nd older sister was in the house but she had just had my niece on my birthday and was with her bf. And I was with him but he was always I his room so I would watch tv all the time in the living room. And this night I remember everything.I was was watching sugar and spice and he walk in about to go get my mom and said neisha strip for me. And I was so in shocked I didn't look at him I just focused on the tv and said no! and he was like good I was his testing you.but maybe im crazy but I just thought who the fuck says this to a 13 year old? But I left and went in my room and cried. This one man tore my life apart. But the moment that showed my mom for the bitch she was was when I told my aunt who was 13 too at the time and she told my grandma who told my mom about it. After I got from school that day everyone was on the couch and my mom sat me down and was like when did HE told you to strip? And when I told her he was like I didn't say that. Neisha was watching porn and got her story mixed up. And I was so freaked out by him saying that lie I just couldn't think about anything else. So she called my aunt and cursed her out and told me what happens in this house stays. And sent me to my room. So I was crying and this bastard had the nerve to come in my room and wink, shrug his shoulder and smile at me. And from then on it escalades. He would sneak in my room molest me over and over and when I tell my mom she would ask him and he say no. So when I was 16 I told a friend and she made me tell a teacher.I even pressed charges against him. (But my mom tricked me into dropping them by making sign a folded up sheet and said it was something else)  So back to a foster home I went with my brother. That didn't last we got back with my mom AGAIN but this time he didn't come back but she left me in the house for two weeks without any food to go stay with him. But I didn't see him for awhile. I got better and well I was walking to a church that was near my house and starting to forget that ass but all good things come to a end of course she soon dropped me off with my oldest sister who was starting to have her own family so soon I was back with her. This continued with him molesting me and my mom swearing she was going to keep it between us but her telling him. So I just stop telling anyone and just stop trying so I just laid there and cried until he finished. So 2 yrs ago it was different because this bastard got me pregnant 😡 but weirdly I was freaking happy because he would have to stop. So I got the police involved again. So MY baby was my hero. I don't know where ill be without him. But I didn't know I was pregnant and just went into labor and my mom left me in a hospital by myself to go home with this ass hole but the police got him. 1. He was a sex offender and wasn't supposed to around us and 2. He wasn't registered where we was. So the nightmare ended but my mom hates me but the feelings mutual. And now I'm pregnant with my second child and she was saying there is no scientific way  the guy I am dating could be the father and bla bla bla! Like she calling me a whore for what her husband did. And I can't even enjoy what suppose to be a happy moment. But heck I've broken up with my bf and even my 2nd old sister is talking down on me cause her husband is just as dirty as my moms. (my mom husband also raped his sister when they where young and now she cant have kids and is a alcoholic and my 2nd sister husband molested my niece when she was 3.)Sorry about the length but this is actually the short version 
Hi everyone it's me again. This is an excerpt from an autobiography I am working on about being a child abuse survivor. My father was incredibly controlling and possessive of me and this is an example of it during a medical procedure. Feel free to leave comments saying what you think and thank you for reading. I didn’t tell the blood lab technician why my skin was so pale and lips chapped. He advised my dad to take me to get a drink of water because I looked dehydrated. No one knew I was starving myself on purpose in order to get sicker or hopefully die. I was 90 pounds, my period was extremely irregular and painful, and I didn’t tell anyone. The blood test that day was force-ordered as I call it by my dad to the doctor. He never let me go to the doctor by myself, and if I went without him it didn’t matter since the doctors were family friend doctors and would do exactly what he told them to do. It got to the point where my mom through fear would reveal to my dad that I had an appointment and he would call the doctor telling them what was “wrong” with me and what I needed. In our culture you always listen to the older folks. It didn’t matter in my mind that I was legally an adult in the U.S. Legally and culturally are two opposing things that never mesh together and can cause a lot of conflict, inner and outer. Back to the blood test, my dad dragged me into the lab and sat with me inside while they drew my blood. Needles are scary to most people and blood tests can be very freaky for some but for me there was this added layer of having things done to me I didn’t want. I went to that blood test essentially a silent rag doll while my dad did the talking. I could feel myself getting dizzier and weaker as the blood was being drawn. Once the nurse was finished she asked if I was feeling alright or needed to sit down. I stared at my father like the good little dog I was. I saw in his eyes the same look I had seen hundreds and hundreds of times. That look always said to tell people, especially foreigners, that I was doing well and didn’t need any help thank you. When she left my dad grabbed my arm impatiently (the one from where the blood was drawn), squeezed it, and pulled me out of the room into the lobby and straight for the door. The guy at the front desk asked if I was okay and slowly began to stand up. My dad loving rubbed me and told the guy I was just a little woozy from the blood test but he had juice and chocolate in the car and I’d be fine.The tiniest voice in my head begged me to scream. Or shout. Or talk. Or freakin’ whisper just do something. This tiny voice that is so inaudible sometimes I believe is my true self. And on that day standing there bent over with my dad holding me from falling that voice begged me to tell the front desk guy that I was being forced to do this. That I was not allowed to rest. That I was being abused at home and making myself sick in order to gain control back in my chaotic life. But I just smiled at the front desk guy and confirmed what my dad had said. I have always been a fantastic actress. When we got outside, as we were approaching the concrete steps that would take us back to the parking lot I fell down and dry heaved so painfully I still feel it in my nightmares. My dad looked around as if he had committed a crime and held me up as I was dry heaving, whispering the scariest things in my ear, threatening me in all kinds of creative ways. Since I fasted before the blood test nothing was coming out. Just painful, burning, ripping, searing dry heaving accompanied by the orchestral tunes of my father’s threats in my ear. We got home, I was put in bed and yelled at the entire morning as my dad forcefully spoon fed me yogurt and bread which I couldn’t keep down. One of the things that can happen to victims of child abuse is psychological numbness or as I call it coasting. You are just merely existing throughout these scary and painful moments with absolutely no protest. You just want it to be over and you don’t have the strength to fight back. For me it became easier and more controlled to keep starving myself and making myself vomit. Looking back I see how detrimental and also silly this was. I was trying so hard to stop my father’s abuse but by being sick all the time I would have to endure his anger and constant doctor visits which made me worse. It’s this strange thing where in the moment you are convinced it is going to work. There’s no logical explanation for this thought process or the self inflicted viciousness that accompanies. But these painful actions only perpetrate the abuse done by others. It’s as if I am continuing their awful work. To this day I have crippling anxiety and panic about medical tests of any kind. These memories are unfortunately imprinted in my mind and have the worst, most inconvenient ways of popping up. Doctor’s appointments as a young adult would end with me crying in my car from shame and humiliation that I can’t just go and take a stupid test.   
I was physically and sexually abused by mother starting when i was 7. Fast forward a few years, and now i'm a father of two. I'm always trying to make sure they never feel like they're in danger, but i can't help but feel like i'm always wrong and not good enough for them.
Hi everyone! I'm currently working on kind of an autobiography about my experiences with child abuse and would love to get feedback on excerpts that I post here on reddit. Here is one that I wrote today on being conflicted and feeling guilty for choosing to leave. It's really hard to move on when things keep pulling you back. Thanks so much. Things don’t hurt as much if you don’t see them often. The mind is a powerful machine with the capability of selective memory. As long as you are not exposed to the images that bring about pain then perhaps you will not experience it. But the digital world and social media are unforgiving in its trendiness. A few months after I had chosen to leave my family behind, my Facebook presented me a video of my brother dancing at an event in a really funny manner with his friend. The sadness and desperation in me made me click the name, and soon through water-filled eyes I looked through seeing pictures of my parents and my brother with his then fiance. They looked so happy. Regardless of how monstrous any kind of behavior is, people put on their best photo moments on Facebook. On this website we actually looked like a family. My heart sank at this beautiful lie. This was what I had wanted my whole life, for these images to be the truth.I began sobbing uncontrollably as I saw the funny faces my dad used to make and the adorable engagement photos my brother posted. The weight of my decision came crashing down. All the threads of destruction were coming together in a point of singularity through one thought:I miss them.I believe this to be one of the biggest reasons why survivors of child abuse go through life with so many triggers and confusions. One of the major conflicts for the survivor is building trust again and feeling a sense of safety around them. I experience this on a daily basis because the same people who caused me so much damage are the ones that I miss the most. If you were to compartmentalize them into categories and simply delete the algorithm responsible for abusive behavior, you would be left with an incredible family. My mother was incredibly sweet. My father was dedicated, talented, and very funny. My aunts and uncles were successful and confident. I wanted more than anything in the world to keep doing my funny dances with my relatives, to do nails with my mom, to watch old movies with my dad while eating popcorn. Because these good things happened. And those good things make you want to stay regardless of whatever else they are doing to you. But in these moments I feel it is equally important for the survivor to remember why they chose to leave and disconnect in the first place. You remember those experiences that no child should have. You remember the hitting, spitting, running, screaming, grabbing, squeezing. All the painful sensations you kept feeling but never wanted to nor deserved to. You are left with a mind filled with conflict and justifications. You just want peace but instead you get a weight inside your heart and soul because the best thing that you could do for yourself doesn’t really feel good anymore. 
This is my Grandmother's ring. I wear it as a reminder.One Thanksgiving, as my extended family gathered, my grandmother pulled out several small shoe boxes and placed them on the table.  She explained to all the women that she was trying to downsize and to shop to our hearts content; payment was simply a hug and a kiss.I was immediately drawn to this particular ring: a simple center fake white opal stone with a single cubic zirconium stone on each side.  I knew its monetary value wasn't high by any means, but it slipped perfectly over my finger and I couldn't put it back in the shoe box.  It wasn't a style I particularly liked, but there was something about it.What I didn't know is what that ring would mean years later as my life fell apart.   When my grandmother's health started to decline, so did my personal life.  I found myself at the bottom of an incredibly painful pit filled with daily attacks and diminishment of my spirit.   I was stripped of my joy and pushed to withdraw completely.  I wasn't allowed to speak, make decisions, or chose my path, until one day when the Lord released me. What I thought was forever turned out to be a year and a half. After much counseling, prayer, and support, my joy started to return.  One day, while unpacking in my new home, I came across my Grandmother's ring and wept.  As I slid it on my left hand, I knew that the next time anyone wanted to replace that ring, he had to be the caliber of my grandfather.  He cares day-in and day-out for my grandmother, on her good days and her bad, when she has her mind and when she doesn't.  This is the type of man I want to give my heart to.I started dating again, but something was off.  When all you have is taken from you, there's a tendency to believe you aren't worth all that you had dreamed of.As a young girl I dreamt of a husband who loved the Lord first, then me, and then our families.  I dreamt of a man who was tender, but strong; humble, yet accomplished; a man who would challenge me on the mountains, but also lead me to the cross.  I hoped for a second family that I could call my own and that I would love spending Christmas' with. I envisioned a man who could help me fix a flat tire, and build a swing set for our kids in the backyard; someone who could make me laugh, but also cry with me.  I longed for a man who would support my crazy dreams and travels, but also keep my feet on the ground.  And if he wanted a pasture full of horses, that was an added bonus.After you're told that you don't deserve love or happiness, how can you believe that you can have God's best?  How can you not settle? I struggled with feeling like I knew God wanted an incredible man for me, but doubting that I actually deserved one.  I had made many mistakes in that year and a half and surely that meant I didn't deserve a truly full life nor marriage, just like I was told day after day. I would surely need to settle.And I came close.  Everything was there, except to me, the most important piece.  Some days I would feel like the ring; misshapen, banged up, tarnished, and unworthy of true value.  But, in the back of my head I heard God tell me to simply wait and trust Him.  He told me to look at my hand.  And for some reason I actually listened.And He has been so faithful.  Ladies (and men), no matter what has happened in your life, no matter what you've done, what has been done to you, what has been taken, or what you've given away, do not settle.  There is someone whose quirks match you perfectly, and God is so creative and loves to surprise you with how well He truly knows your heart and its greatest desire.  When your eyes are Kingdom focused, and your prayers are for a partner to support that focus, those dreams can be realized. Don't lose heart, don't give it away recklessly, and never settle.And before you know it, He can bring a man in to your world who ticks all those boxes AND shows you the pasture where he's raised all his horses.
Dear Dad,What a terrible journey we have taken together for the last 26 years. I often wonder: was there ever a moment when you loved me? When you didn't look at me with indifference?I have so many bad memories of you, and even the good ones are tinged with fear and anger. My fear, your anger, at first. Then my rage. I wasn't born angry, you helped mold me into this person.Remember that night when you took a knife, threatening to kill yourself, and I told grandma? I know you were convinced, and are probably still convinced, that I told because I was worried about you. No. It was because mom was struggling with you to get it away, and all I knew was that my mom was in danger. If I'd known that you were the only one in danger, I would have let things play out. That sounds terrible now, doesn't it? What kind of daughter thinks that way? You traumatized me over and over during my childhood, from shoving a dead gerbil into my face, calling me a dumb cow, and then telling my mom she was, too. I'd like to say that my poor self image was exclusively tied to schoolmates, but they were mercilessly reinforcing the things you had always told me: That no one loved me, I was ugly, stupid, worthless. I grew to hate myself because you told me that was right, and you never did it around mom.I grew ruthless. To this day, I know that if you hadn't been kicked out of the house, I would have done something. I remember that last time you tried to intimidate me. You towered over me, letting your face get bright red, screaming at me for letting my water sweat into the cupholder. I remember that feeling of breaking, and realizing how much more power I had than you. I held myself to your height and looked you dead in the eye. I told you that if you touched me, I'd kill you. I then locked myself in the room that you allowed me to use, and called my mom to pick me up, I wasn't safe. You backed down immediately. You saw it in my eyes. I meant it. It was at that point that I knew I would never lose to a man, just because they are "physically stronger." I never had to quietly back down in a debate with my uncles again, even though they'd just laugh at how naive I am. I only allowed one boyfriend to get dominant over me, but I corrected it when I refound my strength. We are married now.Yet, that didn't stop the abuse. You couldn't hit me anymore, but you tried breaking my spirit in other ways. You and your wife worked for much of my teenage years to demonize me with my family. I know fully well that you were behind that email to my mom's boss, informing her that my mom was raising the anti-Christ and had no business having custody OR working with children. Why? What did I do? Or that time I was SO excited to tell you about my perfect flute solo score when I was 16. No one had gotten a high score with that judge all day. No. One. I was the only one to get that high score, and I'd gotten a perfect score all the way down. I was so thrilled to tell you, thinking that this would be it. This would be the time you told me you were proud of me, and meant it. Your wife answered, told me you weren't home, and hung up on me. When I called you later, you told me it had been my fault for not "being very nice" to her. I am now an adult, and I can't imagine hanging up on a kid that I was supposed to care about without any provocation. Why have you always hated me? I keep trying to think back, and I can't think of what I could have done. My sister was calm, quiet, and sweet, and I was "spunky, loud, and an instigator." Sometimes I think about that first time I knew you didn't love me. I was 3. Autumn and I had been play fighting, and I had hurt her. She had hurt me many times during these play fights, but you came storming in, and slammed me across the room. When I was 4, my cousin accused me of giving him a nosebleed, so you grabbed me by my arm, lifted me and carried me down the hall, slamming me on the floor. I know what you're thinking, but I didn't start fights or get aggressive when I was younger. I was silly, and much more outgoing than my sister had been... but I wasn't a bad kid.So what was it? I can't say it was because, yes, I actively tried to get other people aware of your abuse of mom (never realizing that I was also being abused until I was 23, and finally talked about it. I cried that entire weekend when I realized why we weren't close).I can't imagine treating my child the way you've treated me. Ignoring them for three straight Christmas'. I grew to dread Christmas or my birthday, because that's when you would disown me again. I never asked for a present from you-ever. I thought back to it, and all of my Christmas wishlists came from mom for you, and you still didn't bother. The one thing I ever asked from you-ONE THING-was to have grilled steak for my birthday one year. You came in and said "We're having enchilada casserole. Your sister loves it." I just calmly explained that it hurt my stomach, and I loved his steak. My stepmom said that I could go home, that I wasn't grateful enough for what I was getting. So I did.My sister was a saving grace during that time. You and your wife told me how terrible I was, and how terrible my mother was, at dinner, with one of our fake uncles present. She excused us from the table, and we left without saying a word to you. She later destroyed you, being your favorite, by telling you how upset she was. That's all it took for her. There is nothing I can say to you to make you understand the hurt you have put me through.I guess you could say that I hate you. Which hurts me, because I also love you and still want you to love me. But it will never happen, because you don't want it to happen. So I have to say goodbye to you. Your choices have persisted. You no longer have the power to abuse me, so you've turned it on your wife. I can't sit by and allow this to happen. I can't let my child see anyone treat another human that way. I want to give up the hatred and rage I feel towards you. I feel like I'm choking on it all the time. I just can't watch it happen again.Goodbye,Your Daughter
hi, just looking for someone who has been in a similar situation to vent to/bounce ideas off of. so feel free to PM me if you've got some time to waste 
<3New here. Perhaps some day soon I'll have a little vent on here. But today I just wanted to pop my head in and give some love to all of you.For now, [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6C8SX0mWP0) is one of my favourite scenes from *The Lord of The Rings*. Whenever I feel sad, I always come back to this scene. It gives me hope, and I hope it can do the same for you.Even darkness must pass.
It's not fair. It's not fucking Fair. He gets a promotion he gets no debt he gets a girlfriend and a son and a happy life. And what do I get? I get depression. I get anxiety. I get fear. I get night terrors. It's not fair. It's just not fucking fair! 
I've posted this before in a different sub and different username but deleted that whole thread because my SO discovered my old Reddit. I'm sharing this here and in a couple other abuse related subs just to kinda keep it out there and let others in a situation similar to mine that they're not alone. ---------------------------------------------------------Maybe he doesn't hit you....But says things like Get real or stop wasting the worlds time and resources....But he uses any mental illness against you and literally TORTURES and TORMENTS you when you need help as if they've researched what could make it worse and does so purposefully, even though you've given him countless resources to learn how he could actually help you.But you wish he would instead of what he really puts you throughBut you have no sense of self worth anymore and really don't know if you're crazy or just believe you are because he's told you so many times. You don't know anything about yourself anymore. But he turns any problem you have on you and makes you truly believe all yours and his problems are your fault. But you've reached a point where it would honestly be a BLESSING if he did just so you'd have physical proof of your pain and use it to escape. But you've forgotten what happiness isBut you're not able to truly live because of what he puts you through so you settle for simply existing with them. But you're told you're an ignorant asshole, delusional, or crazy for expressing your feelings and problems with the other person.  But he can do whatever he wants, whenever he wants, with whoever he wants, without even telling you until after the fact but you can't do anything without him or see your only friend because he won't let you go without him or he'll fight about it until you don't even want to anymore. But he asks you all the time to put effort into looking nice, then when you do, complains that it takes too long. Making you feel like no matter what you do, you're not good enough. But when you get upset over something he did or said, the whole fight is suddenly all your fault. But every single fight is circular and won't stop until you blame yourself about what he's done to hurt you and apologize for it. But he doesn't realize what he does or how he hurts you even though you've explained it countless times, and he continues to do so. But you know he is unhappy being with you and just won't let you go. But you become abusive too after enduring it for too many years.  But definitely used to and denies he ever has because he doesn't anymore. But he manipulates you into thinking your family and friends are the problem when in reality, they're the only ones who actually care. But it took over a year of fighting just to see a friend for one night.  But no matter how many times you try to leave him, tell him you're done, to get out of your life, etc., he just doesn't accept it, doesn't allow you to leave, keeps you in a relationship you do not want to be in. Making you feel like happiness or even just being alone and done with him is a futile quest or feel guilty for wanting to leave. You feel as though there's no escape. But it doesn't matter how many times you said no, if you give in and say yes after being tormented and agitated for an hour or two, it's not rape. #narcissisticabuse #domesticabuseawareness #speakup#stop #nomoresilence
Okay. Maybe this is stupid. But I really want to like "go public" about my shitty severely abusive mother. I feel like this has greatly affected me, she has done something completely inhuman, and it is completely unfair that I have to hide about this. Maybe make a Facebook post or something. Or maybe just be more open about telling people about it; like when people ask if I'm going home for Christmas just being like "no, my parents are abusive and I don't talk to them" rather than "ummmmm I don't know… making plans is hard… we'll see…"Also maybe this is just stupid but I really feel like this is "coming out of the closet" in a way. Like I'm bi and this is a much bigger pressure on me and feels more like I'm hiding than when I try and hide my sexuality. It's not like I'm trying to be a perpetual victim or whatever but this has really affected me and also I feel like I can't just let my abuser get away with her shit and act like she's a saint when she's anything but. I don't know. What do you all think? Anybody ever done anything like this? I'd appreciate any opinions, advice, or experiences :)
In therapy at the moment and it's quite heavy - finding that unless I'm totally exhausted, the minute I close my eyes my head's full of bad thoughts. I'm fine as long as I stay awake and have some distractions, but the minute I try to go to sleep it all comes flooding back in :/ Mostly it's easier to just stay up. At the minute I'm sleeping every other night, which isn't ideal. Sleeping pills not an option, I've got a history of addiction. Sorry for posting so much on this sub, summer is a hard time for me and at least if I'm posting here, I'm not harassing people IRL
Last July I left a nearly 10 year relationship that was emotionally and physically abusive. He would often belittle and dismiss me. He liked to call me names like bitch, dumb ass and the like. He turned anything that went wrong into my fault and made me feel like I made him look bad if I pissed him off. He called my friends names and slowly isolated me from support. The violent physical stuff was few and far between but still reliable enough to make me deeply afraid of pissing him off in the wrong way. It took me years to leave him because my attempts before resulted in me locked in a room or car for hours until I agreed to let him have another chance.I built the confidence up to finally do it. I knew much of the emotional abuse and contol of me left many issues, including anxiety that wasn't there before him, and a worsened depression developed in my childhood. I dismissed the physical as to having not much more impact beyond that, until I had what I can only imagine was a flashback from an particularly violent incident I had forgotten about. I was terrified, feeling every bit of adrenaline and fear from that very moment as it came back to me. I was shaking and crying, sitting up in my bed nearly 11 months after leaving him. I decided this was the point I truely needed to talk to someone. Today was my first attempt to begin the process. Not just to work through this, but going through my father being an abuser to my mom and witnessing that. This I have never delt with either. I reached out with a few inquiry messages through openpathcollective.org to a few people in my area who I feel would work well. Just the process of searching and emailing made me anxious and a bit depressed that I'm in this state. What I'm curious about is your experience seeking help, if any. What kind of methods did you use? What the journey is like? Did it help? I'm begining a new chapter in life and just want to be healthy and happy. 
I'm sorry for posting so much, I just feel really safe coming here to just talk.Something I've been kind of struggling with is accepting that my abuse is a huge part of my life and identity. A large part of the reason I acted so unruly was because I didn't know how to properly respond to what I was going through. My depression and anxiety are mostly made up of my experiences. I hate certain things because of my experiences. It's really embarrassing. I trusted these people who manipulated me and used me. Some of which tried to hurt me. I give everyone the benefit of the doubt, and I guess I was just too trusting. I know. I know. I'm not to blame. I wonder now what I would've been like if I didn't have these experiences. Would I be as gullible as I was as a kid but worse? Would I be comfortable looking cute? Would I be comfortable in my own skin? I know I shouldn't dwell on these thoughts.Something else that's bothering me is being labeled as a survivor. I don't feel like one. I feel like a victim. I haven't survived anything yet. I guess because I'm still going through this that's why I'm afraid of being confused with being a survivor. It's hard. Because I'm questioning these things and my symptoms have gotten a little worse, it just means I'm healing. I hope everyone else is doing better than me though. Nobody deserves to feel the way I do.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In light of father's day I thought I'd share about my father. My biological father is not a good man, I have a lot of problems associated with him. I have fear of people because of him. Since I can remember he was the only person that truly terrified me. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;From my earliest memory at 2 or 3 years of age I remember him scaring the holy hell out of me, my father loved going for late night drives in the woods. I would beg to go with, bonding time with my father. This was short lived. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My father would begrudgingly take me with and make sure I was buckled before we pulled out of the driveway. As we would go through town I was so small, I didn't really pay attention to anything because I felt safe. My father would take a sleeping bag for me to pass out in if I got tired. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I don't really remember a whole lot except being very scared, my father would get drunk with his friends. They would conjointly wait for me to pass out, then as each if them got drunk would take turns scaring me awake. This happened a lot. After I told my mother it came to a quick halt. This was just the beginning. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I endured years of mental and physical abuse from my father, about 3 years later at this point I am 5 years old. My father again took me for another ride at night, showed me a drunk woman peeing off a curb and I got scared and starred crying. I am very sensitive. After this my dad drives away giggling to himself, I am at this point thoroughly disturbed.  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The only reason my dad left was because I started crying uncontrollably, as we went further down the road I calmed down. Later we were going down this dark road and he sees a cat, looks over to me menacingly and asks me methodically "I wonder if they really do have nine lives..." I again become hysterical, begin pleading with him to not run over the cat. To my dismay...I felt two bumps...my dad starts laughing...I start crying. My lovely father repeated this instance 3 more times before taking me back home. It felt as though it was a punishment for wanting to spend time with my dad, pretty fucked up. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I at this point want almost nothing to do with my dad and start staying at my aunts a lot, my little brother was 2 when I was 4. My brother and I are two years apart,  I felt as though my father was playing favorites with my brother. My dad treated my little brother a lot better than he treated me. So I reveled in the time I would spend away from my dad, thusly making my aunt my best friend. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My aunt and I were very close, best friends. When I was 8 my father was so jealous of my aunt and I.  When I refused to go home he slammed my head into an oak end table, my mom took me to the er where I felt I had to lie about what happened...if I had told the truth he probably would be behind bars. Where he belongs. This is all really just the tip of the iceberg with my father.  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My past issues with my dad doesn't end there. I was 11 when my parents divorced. I was elated and angry at the same time. Probably because what we lived through I considered the norm.  It was a lot calmer except for the nights he would try to break in...my mom would have to call the cops. I started really developing hatred for him. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;When I was 15 I had moved in with my dad, my step mom, and little sister. My brother was having troubles with authority, so we switched households. My brother and I do not get along at all. Oil and water my brother and I are. That's why we couldn't live together. This specific instance was the tail end of summer, we had just gotten back from a two week camping trip. I was covered head-to-toe in poison oak, I also have anemia so when I don't eat well I get tired. Well we pulled up, I had passed out. I was very tired. My dad and brother start unloading the car without waking me or asking to help. In a groggy stooper I head up the stairs to the front door. It was an apartment complex. A huge half circle. About 50 apartments in all. As a punishment for not helping unload I got thrown off the balcony by my dad. It was a complete story, I thought it was because he was going through withdrawals from not having any meth or whatever he did. I at this point care less. I try calling my mother later and the phone gets unplugged on me. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Thanks to a neat family genetic trait I can get ahold of my mom without a phone. Without the phone being plugged in 5 minutes the phone rings and it's my mom. My step mom apologizes profusely for my calling...my mom replied "I never got a call, let me talk to Rhynn." I got on the phone and uncontrollably started sobbing into the phone, I couldn't help it. My mom immediately came to get me with my dog Rambo, a big chocolate lab border collie mix. That was pretty much the last time I saw my dad. I was 15. He's still alive. My aunt killed herself the following year. Leaving me with a lot of depression. The family I once had is broken
And I still think about him everyday, cry about him every other day, and wonder if I made the right choice at least once a week. I left the town he lives in and moved across the country, but I still feel him. I let my perception of things get so warped in the year we were together, and the hardest part is reconciling my treatment to myself... the whole 'fool me once' bit. I tried to become the zen master to fill in for his instability, but it was never ever enough. I was never going to be enough for this person, and I knew that. What's wrong with me that I stayed so long. What kind of life have I had-situations I've put myself in-to make me think that any of it was acceptable. How do I come back from letting my already fragile sense of self worth and dignity go to shit. It feels like parts of me died... I had to pack them up and I don't know where those boxes are. "Normalcy" doesn't feel right, and I have this idea that I'm a huge fuck up and a failure... it's just ingrained in me. There's a sizeable void where parts of me used to be... where I took on his burdens instead. I know it never gets easier, and that you can't change the past, but boy am I ever impatient about the healing process. I think the worst thing my mind is doing right now is tricking me into thinking he will come around, because I know I saw intelligence... didn't I? I also know you don't have to be smart to be manipulative or cunning. Most days it feels like I'm swimming in my own head. When I'm feeling like this, it sure seems like the referrals I'm waiting on for mental health help are taking a while. I just want to get back to a place where I like who I am again... I want to respect myself again. And I want to build to be stronger so that I never accidentally on purpose let someone ruin my life one day at a time ever ever again. Thanks for reading my stream of consciousness.
I repressed most of my memories of abuse and have always avoided actually processing my feelings about it by drinking/taking drugs/etc. At the minute I'm trying to process all of this shit so that I can cope with it better, but I find that means I'm thinking about it literally all the time...it's hard, and it's making me miserable. But the minute I try and give myself some time off, I just shove everything down and pretend it didn't happen and repress it all over again, which makes me feel really zoned out and awful. How can I get the balance right? This is shit :/
Pm me to find out more
This isn't really just about me but about most abuse survivors. I can't entirely understand why I don't press charges because it's not totally about fear and it's definitely not because I still love him. It's not because I empathize or take pity or because I would feel bad about putting another human being in jail because I don't, I can't, and I wouldn't. But I have this strange visceral reaction when anyone brings up pressing charges and I can't entirely explain it. I've always explained it as me being afraid that if I did press charges and he walked then I would be putting myself in more danger but honestly I came to terms with me dying by his hands a long time ago. I've always thought it was just because it was too much work and that my depression was holding me back or that I had been long enough and that I just want it to finally be over but then I see these girls and guys come out after like 20 years and it makes me wonder why I can't. I imagine a variation of this goes on in a lot of survivors heads especially because so many survivors don't do anything about their abusers. Anyone got any answers? Or advice?
I'm having a panic attack. My abuser is in town and the best friend I had a falling out with lives in my state. I feel really violated and I feel like I'm in the past. He went to my sister's work but I don't think she was there and then they saw each other around town. I'm worried he's stalking her and either might try to hurt her or interact with her. My mind is just all over the place. I feel guilty for being depressed and having a panic attack. I don't want to feel this way over my abuse, I know I'm just healing but it's so tough. It's disrupting my life and making it hard to keep going. I feel a little better after writing this. I don't know what I want from this post, I guess just somewhere to throw my thoughts at so they don't fester.
I hesitate to post here because this is a relatively tame one, but I would appreciate any advice.When I was 17, I worked at a restaurant where I left my highschool boyfriend to date one of the waiters. The waiter is an illegal immigrant and he's 7 years older than me. (At the time, he led me to believe it was 6 years; I only realized when I saw his illegally acquired driver's license.)He made me feel great. Not only did I leave my mediocre relationship in favor of this exciting new guy, but he also felt that it was his responsibility to help me stop cutting. I had a horrible relationship with my mother, with whom I lived alone, and at one point he did feed me more than she did. He was financially VERY able to support himself and me, easily.Because of this, he often pressured me to move out, often pressured me to stay over at his place even though my mother enforced very strict rules about curfews. If I ever wanted to see him, it had to be secret, because my mother a) didn't let me out in the first place but b) really, really hated this guy.There's a whole year and a half of abuse to cover, but I'll summarize. He sexually assaulted me, made me feel guilty if I ever refused sex, accused me of not loving him at all or enough to "make love," tried to stop me from speaking to my mother, also suggested more than a few times that I stop talking to my brother (who seems to be my #1 ally in my entire life), and he really, really changed when I moved away to college.It was a 3 and a half hour drive from where we met, where he still lived, but he could make the drive in 2 and a half hours, it seemed. He would routinely drive at 100+ just to make the trip shorter, which I thought was sweet I guess.Eventually, he moved away a distance that was impossible to drive. I didn't see him for about 3 months, and when I did finally see him, I realized I felt cold. I had spent all that time looking forward to seeing him, convincing my mother to let him pay for my plane ticket, but when I got there, I looked at his stupid face and I just felt nothing.He moved back to somewhere 2 hours away--on our anniversary. In fact, he drove 18 hours overnight to surprise me that morning, which was GREAT I thought. That day was the first time we'd spoken since I'd "broken up with him" a week earlier--obviously, my resolve didn't last and we stayed together.I left him, but not for another four months after that. I spent three of those months cheating on him, being with the guy who eventually showed me what a crazy, screwed-up life I'd been living. (He's wonderful and we've been in a healthy, happy relationship for over a year.) This guy is the reason I left the waiter. He never asked me for anything, but I knew he'd be too sad to stick around much longer if I didn't.So anyway, since we broke up last June, he's contacted me on four occasions. In September around his birthday wondering whether I remembered or cared, in January asking me when I was going back for my spring semester at college and asking me what time exactly I would arrive there and if I lived in the same building he knew I was in last year, in March just an email that said, "Hi how are you?", and once more, two days ago, saying "Hellooooo".He owns two guns and is very possessive of me. He told me constantly "No one will love you again. Not like I do." I'm terrified for my boyfriend.. this consistent (if infrequent) contact is putting me on edge.I have half a mind to contact immigration and get him thrown the fuck out of this country. If that's not what I should do, does anyone know what I should do? Police? Lawyers? Restraining order? I'm thinking angry email response is not the answer..Thanks in advance.
To begin, I think a bit of background information is necessary to really understand the abuse. My parents divorced early in my life--maybe age 5 or 6. I'm unsure because my dad was a military man, and was often gone (he lived in South Korea for a while). He wasn't around much, and after the divorce, he moved to another state. After the move, things started happening, and they happened for about 10 years. I'm 19 now, and it has been about 3 years since my dad stopped touching my chest. When I was younger, I knew it was wrong, but I was unsure what to do. My dad would always act as if it was a mistake, and often act as if he was just tickling me, but I never reacted. Eventually, he just blatantly started fondling me. We never spoke of it, and I tried my best to justify his actions, telling myself he was just confused seeing me develop, as he was seeing me 2-3 times a year. As I aged, I finally just accepted that my dad was sexually abusing me.Anyway, the first person I told was my therapist...this year. The second person was my boyfriend at the time, and he didn't have much to say. But when my mom and stepdad found out, they were devastated, angry, and wanted to press charges despite my protests. It felt good to finally tell them, yet it was hard because they felt guilty for encouraging me to see him. I don't know what to do at this point. I'm scared to confront him. If anyone has any advice, I would love to hear it.  
My last three major relationships were with women who were victims of abuse during childhood and later - only to inflict the same physical, emotional, and sexual abuse on me while I was dating them. All three of them picked me because I bore some passing physical resemblance to their abuser (I guess I fit a type).1. Grew up with an abusive mother, then married a man who would physically abuse her and then force himself sexually on her and their daughter. After 5 years, she then divorced him and dated another man who did the exact same thing. When we started dating, she instantly isolated me from my friends and family. If she caught me talking with another woman, I was accused of "flirting" with her (once she berated me in a restaurant after I gave my drink order to the waitress). Anything could set her off and she would start hitting me, knowing I wouldn't hit back. The only thing I could do was ball up in a corner and wait for her to stop. And every time she did it, she would dare me to call the cops - knowing full well they would side with her.2. I married this one. Her ex-boyfriend would beat her and then rape her. After we married, she refused to get a job, insisted I adopt her child (from her second marriage), and then we had a second child of our own. Her favorite game was "if you really loved me, you'd..." And if I stated a boundary for whatever reason (oftentimes because we couldn't afford it), I was accused of not loving her (and by extension our children) enough. Eventually I stopped interacting with my family at all to avoid being trapped into another emotionally blackmailing situation. She left me because of that.3. Dated a 23-year old when she was 13. He groomed her sexually and manipulated her emotionally. When we dated, she would frequently point out how an action reminded her of her pederast ex-, until pretty much everything I did reminded her of him. She liked "debating" with me - essentially manipulating and needling at me until I was weeping and conceding her point. She convinced me to quit my stressful job and go back to school while she did the same. But all of my schoolwork was a lower priority to whatever needs she had, because she was finishing a Master's and I was only working on my mere Associates. After months of not being able to do anything right and treated like a low priority, I started withdrawing from her as well. She left me because she loved me, but wasn't "in love" with me (whatever that means.)So here I am now. A middle-aged man who feels like the only value I have in a relationship is to help others process the pain and anger that has been inflicted upon them by people before me. I haven't really bothered dating anyone else, because I worry that it's only a matter of time before I remind THEM of someone who hurt them previously and am then the target of their previously suppressed frustration and anger.I don't know what to do now. I don't even know if people will listen or care here, but I don't have anyone else I can tell this to.
I'm tired of getting irrationally angry when something reminds me of him or crying myself to sleep at night when I'm my mind just plays on repeat all the horrible things he did to me. I'm tired of being scared that he's behind me when I'm walking home alone at night. Or waking up in a panic with tears rolling down my face when he invades my dreams. I've gotten him out of my life but now how do I get him out of my head? He's not even here anymore but he's still controlling me. Any advice?
How do you open yourself up to someone after you've been abused for so long. I was in an emotionally and physically abusive relationship for five years and ive been out now for about 6 months and I just want to move on. I just want to find someone nice and be happy again but I'm still scared of getting hurt. I just keep remembering how nice my ex was when I first met him and thinking that anybody I meet could be doing the same thing and I wouldn't even know it how do I get over that fear?
i was abused by my ex boyfriend for 5 years and ive only been out of the relationship about 4 months. i have cronic depression, anxiety, ptsd, and live in constant fear of a few things. im terrified that he might show up again and i wont be able to resist going back to him. im terrified that im going to fall in love with another abuser and continue the cycle of abuse. and im terified that i might never proparly heal from the things that he did to me. how do i become normal again? how do i start to build my life again? i dont even feel like i have the strength to find a therapist. what do i do? it all just feels so overwhelming.
have you ever just stuck around in an abusive relationship just because you knew that when you left they would find someone else to torture? i left my abusive ex not to long ago after i heard he was seeing someone else. i found out a little while later that he's dating her now. i cant help but feel guilty. i know its only a matter of time before he starts hurting her like he hurt me. and i just keep thinking if i had just stayed she wouldnt be in this possition. maybe i could have found her and warned her about him. made her rethink seeing him. i managed to save his cat from him and his equally horrible brother but now i cant stop thinking about how many girls i might have saved if i had just stayed with him.
So my long term dating history consists of only bipolar guys. I was with my last ex for over 2 years and everything has recently come to a head after I broke up with him in January and he recently came back after about 4 months of no contact, then assaulted me, among other abuse. I'm going to court next week to get either a final restraining order or civil restraint on him, but I've been such a wreck lately with emotional whiplash. I keep thinking about the sliver of perfection that existed between his manic episodes and I keep wishing we could have just had that. I know he's not that, I'm trying not to idealize that rare time that didn't even constitute the majority of our relationship, and I know that my feelings aren't healthy, but I can't stop thinking about him and I seriously doubt whether I'll ever be able to accept a "settled" and stable relationship since I'm so addicted to the chaos and intensity. I currently am dating someone who treats me wonderfully, but I'm not into the tameness. I also told him that I need space because this is a lot for me right now, so I want to hold off on relationships. Has anyone on here been through this cycle of trauma bonding? How did it go and do you have any advice? I just want this to get better and I want to want someone the way I wanted my ex, but I don't want that to mean that I keep falling for unhealthy relationships. I seriously can't imagine myself being into someone like I was into my ex. It's probably because there hasn't been enough time and space from him yet, but I'd really appreciate any stories Reddit might have that might lend some insight. Thanks in advance.
Does any find that they have trouble expressing feelings of anger or hurt properly? After being invalidated so often it's hard to express your feelings to others out of fear of similar backlash or going off the handle.You don't want to be chastised for how you feel. You don't want show "weakness".You don't want to be angry because you've seen what anger does.Sometimes it's terrifying to think if you allow yourself to be angry your abuser(s) actions or words will tumble out of you like a vicious cycle. Keeping it in doesn't help. It just festers. I start to feel like a ticking time bomb. Then when reaching a breaking point, everything is 10x worse than it would be if it had just been dealt with right away. It's easy to lash out at your support system. It's easier to hate yourself or give up.Have any of you found ways to get over the fear of expressing yourself before it's too late? Anything you do or try to remind yourself about when you feel yourself on edge?
I always find reading books about abuse is kind of a toss-up, because sometimes they really help, and I relate to them a whole lot, and then sometimes they just trigger the hell out of me. I was just wondering if you guys had read any good books which helped you process things or feel a bit more positive - not even books that are specifically about abuse, just anything that's helped you move on. I read 'Push' by Sapphire, which was really graphic and difficult to read (it's what the film 'Precious' is based on), but actually made me cry like a baby in a really good way
Hi everyone! This is my first time posting, and my first time opening up about my situation. I’m dealing with a lot, and I don’t know how to move forward.  I understand that not everyone wants to read my life story, so here is the TLDR version:1.I grew up with an emotionally and physically abusive parent (beatings for no reason, constant insults, manipulation via threats of more violence), and I believe that this set me up for a long succession of abusive relationships (both platonic and romantic). 2.I fell into a traumatic relationship in college (I’ve been free two years), where I suffered sexual, emotional, psychological, and financial abuse on a daily basis. After two years, I still suffer feelings of fear, anger, and anxiety about my experience. I feel ashamed to have let this abuse happen to me, and I sometimes feel disgusted with my own body and my sexuality because of what my abuser inflicted upon me. I am so angry with my abuser, I want him dead. (Don’t worry I’m not actually going to hurt him.) I don’t know if these feelings will ever go away. I don’t know if I can ever tell anyone about the specifics of my experience, even though I often feel the urge to. 3.I’m afraid that I will fall into another abusive relationship again, because I still don’t really know how to assert myself or my boundaries. 4.My abuser from the above-mentioned romantic relationship took nude photographs of me – even though he swears he’s deleted them since we broke up, I don’t trust him as a person for the basic reason that he has caused me so much damage. After two years, I still have panic attacks that these photos will resurface one day and ruin me. I am so afraid and ashamed that I let him take those photos of me in the first place. How do I overcome what I have been through? How do I protect myself in the future? Please, if anyone can relate or has any advice, I really appreciate your comments! Thank you for taking the time to read this! 
I've only just found this sub so please bare with me with formatting etc. This evening the last of my abusers died. The first died 6 years ago from suicide and the other today through ill health. I don't know what to do or think, part of me is glad that they've died (I know it's not nice to think that) and the other part of me is angry that they both get to leave this earth while I have to live with what they did to me, they took my childhood away from me and I'm the one who is left behind to suffer more by having to pretend they were good people. I started self harming after the first one died, and ended up in a very deep depression. I don't want to go back to doing that again but I feel so numb. There is only one member of my family who knows what went on and she doesn't quite believe me so I'm in this on my own (apart from my ex who lives two hours away and has moved on with his life). I just don't know what to do or how to feel. 
Hi everyone, this is a kind of prologue or intro to a book I am currently working on. Feel free to read it and tell me what you think. Just thought I'd share. Thank you. I left because I needed to, not because I wanted to. The human mind is wired through evolutionary processes to need connection with others, especially kin. Considering this biological imperative as well as the intense fear of ostracization, nobody wants to leave. Walking about the world after having left trying to convince your inner self that you are fine without them is a lie, especially in the beginning. It is only through acknowledging the hole inside that is constantly changing size with each memory or trigger that one can truly begin to make sense of the path of “pseudo orphan.” This book is not meant to be upheld as some sort of standard experience for survivors of child abuse. I am also not looking for pity. I wish to share the various threads of my life and strand them together in some form of cohesive narrative in order to connect. Through the power of sharing and acceptance can we victims bring awareness to the insidious nature that is abuse. I hope to place a sense of understanding, empathy, and most importantly anger into the reader’s mind. I want you to get angry. I want you to get very angry. I want you to experience the kind of anger I wish I possessed and fostered much sooner in my life. May this anger turn you into an ally for children all around the world who are being battered daily while creating justifications in their heads just to survive. With all the amazing organizations and programs that raise awareness on child abuse, all the resources available, the stigma of sharing has not left us. Throughout my middle and high school experience I was terrified to tell anyone the extent of what was happening at home. Where would I end up? Would my father try to kill me or the rest of my family? What if I get abused in foster care?  What if I lose all my friends? These fears are not only valid but intense. In my book you will notice I personify mental illness and the symptoms, as they have become abusive and controlling people in my life. All the abuse that happened in my childhood and teen years amalgamated into a vicious group of sadistic voices refusing to let me be as fearless as I wish I could be. My purpose in life has changed drastically throughout my life. At first I wanted to follow a path of academic social status, somehow proving to the world I was the smartest person alive. Then I wanted to help people but be a famed hero doing it, making sure I did what I could to gain any kind of notoriety. My fight with mental illness is nowhere near over as I do not believe anymore that a person can truly be fully healed to the point where no symptoms arise anymore and functionality is at its best. My purpose in life now is to survive. There are illnesses in me that is trying to kill me, whether it be health risks or effects from the illness or death by my own hands. I need to survive my depression. It has attacked my mind and body since I was a child. Yet even in my weariness and battered state of mind, I have altered courses in such a way where the path of self-acceptance and self-compassion is the only path that matters. When you keep giving up on the idea of living, regaining that desire to live is the only purpose that matters anymore. I fight this head-on, even if it’s exhausting and feels embarrassing or shameful. It’s because I want to live. I do not mean “existing” here. I don’t care about merely existing because I’ve had many days like that. I want to fully live. I want to enjoy breathing in the air around me, feeling deeply the touch of a loving person, crying from inspiration while experiencing a work of art, or knowing that even in my brokenness I can matter to myself. I hope this book can help people in some way shape or form, or at least provide a space of dialogue and awareness of just how crippling mental illness can be. I just want you to know, that if you are struggling yourself, do not be ashamed of who you are. You are suffering. You deserve to not suffer. You are allowed to be forgiving and compassionate towards yourself even if you think you are worth nothing. Because you are worth so much. 
Hi, So basically, I've been struggling with trying to remember something that happened when I was probably nineteen years old and so far, I've had no luck with it. I've been trying to recover the pieces but it's kind of like I can't. I ended up getting a piece via meditation that's left me shaken for most of the day. I just wonder...is it possible for something at a later age to be kind of repressed? I just feel really awful for not being able to put the pieces together.
I have trouble discussing my past with guys that I go on dates with. They all seem to ask me questions about my life in college and the experiences I had while there. I went to college in NYC and people expect me to have all these experiences like visiting popular restaurants or exploring different parts of the city, or simply having stories of doing things with friends. Even though I graduated four years ago, they seem fixated on this part of my life.  I did not have a typical college experience. During orientation week I met a guy. A day later, I was hit by a car as I crossed the street. I had pretty severe physical and psychological injuries as a result. I had to stay home during first semester to recover. I didn't want to burden or talk to my friends from high school because they were all having incredible experiences in their new lives and new schools. I didn't have a chance to make new college friends at that point either since it was still early on. Anyway, overall, I was emotionally very defeated and fragile, and at a point of self isolation. While I was stuck home, that guy I met during orientation week sent me a text message. Eventually I spent all day talking to him while I was bedridden. This was the beginning of an unhealthy relationship which turned abusive and consumed my life for several years. I won't get into the details, but eventually I suffered through 3 years of physical and emotional abuse with this guy. I moved in with him pretty quickly, and I never left the apartment, expect for classes. He would hurt me, break things, or threaten me in various ways if I wasn't back home when he expected me. I wasn't allowed to talk to anyone who wasn't him. He had to have access to my phone and email address at all times. Eventually by the time I managed to figure out how to safely leave him, it was already the end of my junior year. Everyone had their friend groups, I was just some girl who was always there at a distance but didn't know or talk to anyone. Academically, my grades were pretty shitty too. During senior year I became more involved and made some friends, but those relationships were incredibly superficial compared to the people who had been developing their friendships since freshman year. I thought that it would be better use of my time to focus on school. I was also scared to get close to people and have them question my past and why I didn't have any friends. I did not go out of my apartment, I wasn't part of any clubs, I didn't make any friends, I didn't do anything. When guys notice that I didn't do anything, they make a comment or remark on how weird that is, or why I never went out. I feel like it's too heavy of a discussion to explain my abusive relationship, depression, and PTSD that all played together to isolate me and made me basically stay inside all the time. I rather focus on my present self. I've been around the world on my own and now I'm pursuing my dream of becoming a doctor. I'm involved in a lot of activities now and doing my best to form friendships. I feel like I have a lot to be proud of for my current self, and don't want to dwell on or discuss the past. I feel like discussing all this is really heavy for a date that seems to be going  well. I'm not sure though because I think people can tell I'm hiding something. How do you guys discuss your past with potential new partners? Sorry if this is an incoherent ramble of thoughts.
http://www.ldnews.com/videos/news/2016/06/03/85293194/
And still trying to come to terms with it. My father (and my mother too, but I won't go there now) abused me quite viciously from when I was a kid right up to the present day since I haven't been able to sever contact with him yet because I still go to see my grandma and he'll be there. He would hit me for no reason when he was pissed or had a bad day, he would say I'm a dog, he would try to knock down anything I felt happy or good about. And he never ever did this to my siblings, apart from one time when my big sister talked back to him and he calmly walked over to her and slapped her in the face and she started screaming and crying at the same time. It started as physical and psychological torment and evolved into psychological when he knew I was old enough to understand it was wrong and he fully understood how to get to me by then. My father was such a pathetic bully, that even though I had been bullied in school I still dreaded going home because school was nothing compared to that. I always believed he is a sexual predator too because of the way he tried to get involved in my intimate private life....again I can't discuss this yet, not until I get therapy. I dragged my way through this, I went to university, entered a successful career, but I'm still affected on a daily basis by the abuse. Wish that horrible asshole would just die. In my family we are fairly religious and there is no admission of guilt in any form, even my grandma will say "All families are like this" if I ever tried to mention something negative and just dismiss it like I'm making too big a deal of everything and make me feel bad about it. I already know nobody will ever admit it, even my siblings (like my sister who I mentioned) had therapy secretly but will never ever speak about it and prefers to sweep it under the rug. I'm having a very hard time but I've been through hard times before, I'm just going to keep going where I can hopefully soon cut this entire family off. And when my father is on his death bed, if I feel like it I'll visit him and tell him what a piece of shit he is, so that can be the very last thing he hears from me before he goes to hell.
This happened a long time ago. Sorry for the long post. I just found this subreddit and wanted to get somethings off my chest.I was sexually abused from the age of five to about seven by an older cousin. He was our babysitter. When I was eight life hit the pinnacle of crazy with my dad drunkenly shooting up the living room, hitting my mom and her swallowing a bunch of pills. She ended up packing up all of us kids(there are six of us) and moving to a different town when she got out of the hospital.After a two years of semi-sane living in this new town I had an incident at school that caused my teacher to send me to the councillors office to talk. A classmate had played a prank on me and it caused me to burst into tears. My mom had always coached us against talking about our home life to anyone especially someone connected to social services and especially cops. So being the dutiful daughter I said nothing to them but it started to make me wonder what normal was. The weekend following this incident  I was hanging out in my mom's room watching a late movie with her when I felt the need to tell her what happened to me. I was unsure how to tell her, I mean I was ten at the time, so I asked her what would happen if someone was sexually abused. She had an immediate and negative reaction to my question. She said that if she ever knew that one of her kids was abused she would kill herself. She said she couldn't deal with kids who had that problem. She said that it would destroy her. She told me to never speak of sexual abuse again. And being the good dutiful daughter who was groomed to appease her emotions, I never spoke of it again. I didn't speak at school either. I became a selective mute, I learned that term a few years ago. I didn't make any friends, I didn't go out. I became a shut in who was emotionally dependent on an extremely dysfunctional family environment for love and support. This went on for two decades.It's been a month since I cut all ties with my family. I moved away from their town three years ago. I blocked all of them of social media as well as my cell phone. It's hard. I'm lonely. I've been so immersed in their chaotic  lifestyle that I don't know what to do with myself. I feel like I don't even know myself. I don't know how to talk to people and the thought of going to a bar or movie or the park or any social setting alone terrifies me beyond reason. I can't meet their eyes because I'm afraid they'll see how messed up I am. I can't even talk to people face to face. Thankfully my job allows me to work with them since it's an unconventional environment. When I speak it comes out jumbled and it doesn't make sense. I am super self conscious and awkward and feel like a socially retarded thirty year old. I am a mess of a person and I feel worthless without my toxic family around me.I am seeing a councilor and I have one more session left that's covered by insurance. I'm hoping to work out a payment plan for more sessions. I wish I could go to a therapist or specialist to get a diagnosis of what's wrong with me but there aren't many choices in my town and honestly I couldn't afford it anyway. But it is a start and that makes me hopeful. I still think I have a chance at a good life.Thank you.
I'm an adult and I'm just starting to get memories of some bad things that happened as a kid. Other things I cannot remember at all.My brother told me about this time when he pulled a knife on my sister when they were kids and I was about 15/16. I said, "that sounds shit, I think I remember talking about it". He said, "you were there. You took the knife off me".My sister told me that my dad was angry in the car and she was in the passenger seat and he opened the door while driving and tried to undo her seatbelt to push her out. I said "holy shit, I knew he was violent to you in the car but I didn't know that!" My sister said, "you held onto my seatbelt; you stopped him."My mum said when we were kids, I saved my sister from drowning in the pool. I don't remember.My mum said that I had told her about some boys putting me on a bed and taking off my dress when I was about five. I don't remember.Etc etc etc.I know about trauma and how it affects memory. But it doesn't make it any less troubling.I'm not sure if I'm looking for consolation or what. I guess I forget regular things; might as well forget big deals too.
my name is steve, I have been diagnosed with several mental problems.I have been in therapy for 4 months after losing another job for attitude problems. I have anger issues and authority problems. Though I am a vet, my ptsd stemmed from childhood abuse, not war. The verbal,. Mental and physical abuse were constant from my early preteens to my late teens until I moved out. The constant waiting for my stepdad to get home from work and start his frustration release on my body was a nightmare, knowing it was going to happen but not knowing when.The constant belittling with comments such as, I forgot more than you will ever know, were a daily reminder that I was just a small spick on his ass, a blemish on his white family. There was no feeling of self worth, I was around for his taunts and I should be grateful for his effort. The thought of going out into public was scary, someone would see what I had made happen, I was responsible for his teachings,i provoked him.I tried to electrocute myself when I was 10, on my birthday. My mother had just watched my being beaten for the 2nd time that day and again, did nothing to stop it. I went to school that day, they took a picture. I have a baseball hat on with the logo of my little league team and a blue shirt with orange backpack. What the shirt hides are the bruises and scabs from being taught 3:45 means 3:45 not 4:05.I would walk the back roads of the city instead of going to school as I couldnt sit down. His weapon of choice was a leather belt with metal rivets on the edges, top and bottom. I am 45 and still have physical dents on my ass cheeks.On many occasions of teaching with the belt, I would hyperventilate and my body would curl up into a fetal position because of lack of oxygen to my muscles and I would pass out, which would come in handy as I made a 'safe place' in my mind just before losing consciousnesses.Which in the present I have used as my mediation room in my mind. I mediate now.My sense of feelings are not normal. I know I love my wife, I know I love my dog. Thats it...everything else is fluff.Being beaten down so often it dulls the senses, not wanting for someone to get too close, as they might see the inner workings or worse yet, hear the thoughts I have.I think of suicide everyday, driving to work, there is a logging truck, full load, a quick flip of the wrist to the other lane and its over.I can insert a needle into a vein and bleed myself dry, somewhere in the woods where I wont be found.Take my broken ass guns into town ad do a suicide by cop.I see no reason to go on anymore, I am physically broken as well as mentally. I am a burden, a parasite, providing nothing of use, just taking from others.How to I conquer my over whelming desire to cease my existence? Everyday, every hour, every week, my thoughts are always on the darker side.And you think you had a bad day.....I am constantly planning their murder, 3 different fool proof ways. I cant get caught, I have been planning for decades.The thoughts are not normal and I know that, these are my secrets,. Thought I am not sure why I am writing this but it is coming easy maybe this is part of my therapy working, the expression of feelings outside to my head. Will you think of me different?If anything it gives a reason for the past 35ish years, the turmoil, the constant struggle up hill. Knowing I was different but yet not knowing how.Now I have to start over from the beginning, recondition myself to a new perspective. As Rudolf Steiner once said, to lose yourself is to find yourself.I have found the path though its still emerging to us.my name is steve, I have been diagnosed with several mental problems.
So this happened to me before I was even a 1 year old.A bit of back story here. My mom got pregnant with my siblings at a young age. She had my oldest brother at 17. I have four siblings. Three were taken away by DSS (Social sevices) because of their fathers. (Each of them had a different one) my mom then met my father after that. She got pregnant with my older brother and they were sort of happy. Then she got pregnant with me. My father had started to drink a little before this and that's when the abuse started. He would hit her and threaten to hurt my brother if she left or told anyone. He kept her and my brother prisoner in that house.I was then born and here's where it gets darker. He started to get more violent with my mom and then started to hurt me and my brother. He one day when I was about four months or five months old got into a fight with my mom. He then (to get his point across) grabbed little five/four month old me by my ankles and slammed me against a door frame. I was then rushed to the hospital because dude realised he fucked up. I was in a full body cast for about a month. Random people would leave me stuffed animals to the point of where they filled the room. (Where was DSS for this you might ask, but they kinda just ignored it I guess).Once I got out of the hospital my father threw all the stuffed animals away and my mom only came back for our stuff. She somehow got us away and then later met my step dad when I was about six months old. (He played with me and my brother the entire time they went on their date lol) My mom is still terrified  of seeing my father again. 
I was with a guy for twelve years, married for two. We have three beautiful children together, but he started to suffer from depression and his mood was always low. He was emotionally and verbally abusive to me and to the children. Once I went to university this got even worse and I basically stopped attending because I was constantly afraid of what would happen when I got home. He would smash up my things - phones, laptops, etc - to stop me from talking to people.At Christmas time he threatened suicide and disappeared for a few days after smashing the house up. I called the police because j was worried, and when they found him and brought him home, he blamed me for his actions and was angry that I had called the police at all.Social services got involved after I approached a member of staff at my children's school, explaining his mood swings and behaviour. The children also spoke out about the things he did to them (although he never beat them, his methods were very old fashioned and inappropriate.).Social services and the police told me to leave my home or else the situation would be taken out of my hands. I left to stay with family on the belief that it would be a very temporary arrangement. That was six weeks ago.My family is struggling to keep four extra people here and I have no income due to student status. Social services haven't been in touch for a fortnight, homelessness want to move me to the other side of the country and basically, everything is pointing to me giving up on university.Guys, I don't know what to do. This isn't about karma, hence the throwaway account. I really need advice.I don't want to move far away because I don't want to stop my studies, plus all of my family live here. My ex is from the next borough over and has so far been decent about the situation. I have no money and no home. I'm registered with Local Authority for housing but they have already told me I would be placed miles away. I could go private but I haven't got the money for a bond and the Bond Board won't let me have it. The nearest refuge was 40 miles away. I'm really stuck.
Hello everyone :) I am a child abuse survivor suffering from PTSD as well as crippling anxiety. My story of abuse is an odd one; it almost reflects the life of a controlled prisoner whose guard was a puppet in a dictatorial society. A lot of strange and cruel things happened to me as a child. My father, a sufferer of abuse and PTSD himself during a war torn era in the Middle East, controlled and manipulated every aspect of my life to the point where even eating and sleeping is abnormal for me now as an adult.The main reason I am writing this is because I am currently working on an autobiography of sorts and would be honored if I could post bits and pieces of it here on this Subreddit. There are no names due to confidentiality and it's for healing purposes, as well as a way to connect with all of you awesome folks. Hope you guys enjoy my stories and may we all survive this crazy thing called life together :)
I was working hard on a degree. I was working. Something broke. The medication for PTSD stopped working. I've told this story a thousand times to the suicide hotline. I feel so empty. When I was really young my father would be there a few years, then he'd be gone and then he'd be back again. In between my mom and my brother and I lived in dire poverty, and her family really didn't even care. My aunt would charge her to babysit, until one day I came back with third degree burns on my hands. My cousin said I had reached out and grabbed the heater with both hands at 5 years old. i dont know if that was true or not. my cousin was always a liar. I remember never having a place to sit. My cousin always had an imaginary friend who would sit in the chair I wanted, or the swing I wanted. I never liked it there. I had this uncle who had this daughter, he scared her mother away so bad she didn't even ask for child support. While my dad was gone, I kind of hoped he would be a supplement father I guess. He would drink a lot, my uncle, just like my dad. My mom brought us around him, she kind of forced him on us, me and my brother for a short period. I think he was pretty nice, I guess. He would buy us food. I remember waiting a year or more for my dad to come back the last time from the military, when he showed up - he just gave me this look like he hadn't thought about me twice the whole time when all I had done was miss him. No hug, no I missed you. Just a look that went right though me like I was almost a ghost. He and my uncle started hanging out together, getting drunk. One time my uncle - he broke out a glass window with his fists as I looked through it. And another he told my brother and I he would give us 5 dollars to pick pepper corns (they are thorny) we did, but it wasn't enough to earn the money. I don't know why that bothered me so much. I don't know why I'm so bothered for sure, but I'm bothered. I'm not just depressed, I'm angry. I feel rage, and it scares me. I feel rage almost like I can empathize with my uncle as he punched a hole through that window, and it terrifies me, because I think me family abused me like they did so I could experience whatever pain they were in -- and that makes me even more angry. But I don't want to get drunk or hurt anyone else. I just want to hurt myself, and I'm not sure why. And I KNOW they wouldn't care. They never did. I feel like they never did. It wasn't always like this, I remember being happy, I know there was a point in my life before everything turned to ice.. and when the ice thaws, it hurts. My mother would alternate between wanting me and not wanting me. She would get angry. I would be told to leave, at age 12. I remember her attacking me in my sleep. For not cleaning up. I had my first job at 13 watching 4 kids while my mother worked for low pay and went to school and dad drank any extra money he had away. I bought new school clothes for the first time since I was 7 that year, by myself. Mom would usually get me 3 pairs of jeans and a handful of shirt to make last the whole year. No one washed my clothes, I did. No one cooked dinner, I did. At 9 years old. I was babysitting 4 kids for at 13 while my mother went and got her education and I didn't have time to do homework. i was working full time at 15 as a dishwasher, a waitress at 16 while my brother sat at home, which was okay, I guess, he was younger, but I still wasn't old enough. i worked through my fist 2 years of college while my boyfriend made friends and used my money, and criticized me because i didn't have time to shave my legs. The first thing he said to me was the customer is always right, and he was the customer. it ended when he shouted at me, 'your suppose to do what i ask you to do', he never had any empathy for me looking back i see this so clear. one time he told me he hated to sweat. he never had anything at that point that wasn't handed to him. I started doing drugs just to deal with the anxiety and emotional pain. After i left him i was sexually assaulted by an employer. I called his brother (My exes), a lawyer and he said there wasn't much i could do, that even recording him was entrapment. I found out later that was a lie. I got depressed again. I kept working. Work stopped me from thinking too much. I didn't like to take time to think, because maybe I knew if I took the time to stop and look around me I would realize everyone was just using me. I was 18 and my brother and uncle wanted me to go with them to drink, i did. I was lonely. I remember running through the woods afraid and then blacking out shortly after my brother left for the store, the next thing i remember is my brother coming back screaming 'get off my sister'. My uncle tried to rape me. My mother tells me later that he had tried to trade her for a promotion once, and i wonder why she had ever let me around someone like that in the first place, even as a child. I kept it bottled up. The morning after it happened i just got up, washed my wounds and went to work like it never happened. I was fine for years (on medication for ptsd), until one day i was with my dad and my brother tells my dad about my uncle. My dad looks at him, like im not there - and says, ' i wonder why he doesn't hang out with me anymore.' I broke while in nursing school. I realized i couldn't help anyone because i wasn't there, and no one had helped me. All the Bad guys had gotten away my whole life and i was never really loved. Never protected. No god with a protective hand over me. I feel dead, ignored. alone in the darkness. I'm still alone in the darkness. running into nothing. For awhile I actually thought I might be dead. I know that's a weird thing to say, but sometimes it feels like I don't exist. When you die for real, I think its like you never really did, you know. It was all some illusion, its peaceful. You never were. It hurts so bad and nothing no one says or does is ever going to make it better, so i go into nothing. i just want to reach into my soul and tell the little girl that was me that someone loves her, even if its just myself, but i cant touch her. Shes behind this glass and if i break it she shatters. I just want to grab her and rock her back and forth and tell her its alright, they cant get to you. And then she disappears like she was never really there and I'm standing here, alone, again, but then again I'm not because i never was. I haven't left my room much lately. I don't know why. I stay up all night and sleep during the day. I avoid ppl. The last time I left I went for a ride with my brother and he was speeding. Doing 60 in a forty, driving around curbs on the wrong side of the road. I begged him to stop, so he started driving with his knees. It doesn't matter if I leave the room or not, I just don't exist. He told me he usually did seventy and when I started screaming about the curb he said 'it's not always about you, which didn't make a lot of sense to me. I just get tired. When he hit the curb I panicked and tried to jump out of the car. Like i don't exist, you know.My father was my hero, until i got old enough to see him for what he was. I remember loving who I thought he was so much. now i have to take medicine. as i got older he , they .... i just wanted a hug as a little girl then i ... dissappeared. they treated me like a whore.
Hi all, I can't explain enough how thankful I am to be able to write on this subreddit anonymously to sort out my own thoughts. I just had a wake-up call of sorts that brought out all of my insecurities and self-esteem issues to light. I know that I had struggled with them, and I thought I had healed and overcome it. I had a rather difficult working relationship with a boss of two years who had a very similar personality type to other men in my past. Nothing was ever in that context but being constantly berated or being called stupid every day for two years when you aren't takes an emotional toll. I am lucky, though, because I left a couple of months ago, and have started to be able to sort through the rubble so to speak. I now work on my own as an independent contractor for people who respect my work, and respect me as an individual. I've since realize that I needed to take back what I had given up. I say what I had given up, rather than what was taken away from me, because I understand that no one can take anything away from me without me allowing it on some level. So, I decided to come to a safe place, open up, and write an open letter to not only myself, understanding that I can choose to love myself, but anyone else who has either had or will come to the same realizations I have. I've had difficulty coming to terms with the fact that at several points in my life, I've had choices taken away from me, and I've had things happen that I didn't want to happen. But that alone doesn't define me, because I am so much more than the circumstances of my past, and I am worth so much more than the circumstances of my past. I am a woman, a professional. I am strong, fearless, intelligent, empowered, and resilient. I am a lover and a fighter, and I won't compromise my own sense of identity because someone else imposed their will on me. That alone cannot and will not take away who I am as a person. I am a daughter, a sister, a friend, a girlfriend, and I am my own individual person. Looks don't define beauty, personalities do. I am not a victim, I am a survivor. I can want to be better, and I can want to change myself, but no one else can make me do that. I want to take back everything that is mine, my dignity, my respect for myself, my love for myself, and my confidence in myself. Most importantly, I am me, and being me is and always will be more than enough.
So, short version of what happened in my family: my halfsister was sexually abused by my father while my mother was present. I was sired shortly after that abuse. My mother split from my father, but my sister being 10 years older than me had to be like a second mother to me, because our real mother was often overstrained. Possibly my father abused me too, when she let him meet me and drive me to kindergarten when I was about 3 or 4 (he lived pretty far away and visited me only a few times in my childhood). The kindergarten teachers called my mother on that day and told her I behaved a little weird and couldnt pee. But I dont remember anything, so I dont know for sure, if he did it to me too or not. My mother told me what happened at the end of last year (I'm 26 now), after I asked pretty straightforward, if anything important happened in my childhood which she hasnt told me yet. We were always very close and hearing what she let happen, broke my heart. I dont know what to think of her anymore, how to feel about her. I realised, how much she failed in being a mother. There are many points, where she miserably failed, but I was always forgiving and understanding towards her. Now it is as if she died. Since she told me about my sisters and my childhood, I think about it every day. I dream about having arguments with my mother a lot. I try hard to remember if something happened to me, because not knowing is shit. I was raped/sexually abused several times in my youth, because I had no feeling of selfworth at all and met the wrong people. It is hard to get over that, but at least I remember parts of it. The most disgusting part of thinking about what happened and may have happened with my father is, that my body reacts with sexual arousal. I know that feeling from thinking about the rapes. But I can handle that now. They were at least strangers/not related to me. I'm able to turn that feeling of disgust into something kinky and it works for me most of the times. But thinking about my father doing that to my sister or me is so fucking disgusting, I could puke everytime I think about it. Still, often my nipples get hard and I get wet. I hate that so much and I feel ashamed. I'm really open for all my other perversions and sexual interests, but THIS is really nothing, that arouses me. Still my body reacts. I'm sexually aroused and sick to my stomach at the same time it's so disgusting... I hope, someone here understands. Needed to write it down, because it stresses me a lot and embarasses me. Wanted do share it with people who may have survived similar things and found a way to get over it.
When I was 8 my Mom married J. He seemed okay and fun until we moved in with him. Once we moved in weird things started happening. Like 20$ would go missing, or I would make a "rude" face at J, a lamp cord would be found cut, jewelery went missing. Everything J saw, or found- never my own mother. Things started getting worse and worse and I was blamed for it. I would get yelled at and told no one else would do these things so it must be me. I started just confessing to everything just to stop being yelled at and I would be almost rewarded with love when I would confess. However I wasnt doing any of the behaviours that I would confess to.We moved to a bigger house a year or so later. Once we moved everything got worse. J kept "finding" things destroyed like words writting on the walls, furnature being cut up, things going missing, even nail polish cleaner in Moms coffee, ext. I got blamed for all of it. The writing on the wall was clearly not even mine, and I had no reason to do such things as I always hated getting in trouble. I would never poisen my own mother, plus at that age I wouldnt have even known that how you hurt someone. But again, until I confessed hell would be raised.  Such as being screamed at, and things kept escalating from the yelling. I was too messed up and scared at most dinners as J would say I was doing something wrong at the table on a nightly basis. As a "punishment" they started making me eat on the floor away from them. Then the punishments would get worse. Often I had to get up and pee at night. I guess that started disturbing J and so a lock was put on my room. I started to be locked in there, with a margarin container to go to the bathroom in and a radio and books to keep me occupied. Mom and J started fighting more and more and I used to listen theough the vents to know what was going on. Sometimes I would yell down to stop and that would come with another punishment. Things were physical at this point. He lifted me off the ground by my neck strangling me and my Mom was in the other room, pretending not to hear me gasping for air. He would hit me with my bunk bed ladder, push me to the ground,  or scare me into thinking he would hurt me futher. He would punch walls right beside my head, to scare me and make me think he would punch me too.I was eventully shipped off to a grouphome for troubled youthes, I was the youngest one there. There were counselors on site to help. By this time I had started to self harm and was very depressed. The grouphome staff soon got to know me and knew I wasnt crazy or capable of causing such harm to anyone let alone my own parents. However J, who was in a whole nother provice as I was shipped off to Ontario, still managed to "find" nasty emails and was saying I was still doing destructive things, even when I didnt have acess to a computer and was suporvised every second by staff. When my parents would fly to me to do group therapy everything was about him, and he would say I was still making rude faces and gestures towards him. Even to this day no one has seen me do such. Its only ever him seeing this stuff.Once the grouphome no longer had room for me and I was in fact not a troubled youth, they discharged me to my grandparents. Thats a whole nother story though.At age 20 I am now dealing with such abuse. Only recently I am able to use the term "I was abused" as I couldnt believe my Mother would put me in such a situation. I struggle almost daily with being scared of being framed or that people are lying to me. I have low self worth and I am no longer really talking to my Mom however it gets hard as we had a strong bond before J. Now that I am a adult therapy isnt free and I am at my witts end trying to deal with this om my own. I have a supportive partner however he cannot be my therapist. I feel stuck. I have such a strong hatered and even confusion of my childhood. I feel guilty all the time.The worst part is, is that I have never heard of anyone being framed by a step parent. So its hard for me to even feel this is real. I feel alone. If anyone has ideas of how to deal, or even if simaler things happened to you I would appreciate hearing or a kind word. Does J sound like a narcassist? What is he? Why did my Mom let all this happen and always take his side?I feel alone and anxious. I was diagnosed with cptsd at age 10 too which was hidden from me and instead my parents told me I was borderline. Which hurt me because that made me feel even crazier
you can read my original story [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/adultsurvivors/comments/40wm08/35_years_old_do_i_cut_ties_with_parents_story/)So, the past few months have been a disaster. Lots of anxiety. Really bad, debilitating depression. I stopped doing everything. Hid in bed all day. Weed stopped helping, got back on Xanax. Xanax wasn't enough. Wrote out a suicide note. Made plans for my dog after my death. After two days of sobbing uncontrollably and not sleeping I CHECKED MYSELF IN TO THE ER. No fucking joke. I figured that since i wanted to die anyways, going to a psych hospital for a final shot at life was worth it. Even if they committed me for life, it would be better than the hell my life had become.They recommended a sub-acute inpatient program. AND IT WAS THE BEST THING I HAVE EVER DONE FOR MYSELF.I went to a small (10 bed) sub-acute (not really bad crazies) psychiatric and rehab center. The patients ran the gamut from other depressed folk, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, heroin addicts, etc... all needing some medical intervention and some therapy. AND IT WAS AMAZING.The first day was hell. I didn't sleep for a 3rd day, and cried through every group, every meeting with a doctor, every meal. My anxiety levels were through the roof and i wanted to die. Then, once we got some proper medication on board (hint, xanax sucks for ptsd), I finally learned how to enjoy life.I learned how to trust people. I learned that this was a disease and it wasn't my fault. I learned how to cope. And I learned that it is ok to love myself.I got started on some new psych meds, finally got a proper psych eval and diagnosis (bipolar, borderline personality, ptsd), and spent a week learning about how PTSD works, how to cope, and how to enjoy life again. I pulled myself up from the bottom along with 9 other folks doing the same awful thing. It was like relearning how to live. Some of the groups were corny (like art therapy, "leisure" therapy) but they felt really damn good to do. Leisure therapy was usually playing a stupid boardgame but you know what- it was positive social interaction, it was exercise for my brain, and it was FUN.It sounds crazy, but that week was the best week of my life. For the first time, i could be my genuine true self and not be judged, and also i could trust other people and learn to be HAPPY.I got out the day after my birthday. That was about 1 week ago.Today i wrote a letter to my parents telling them that I was gay, and telling them that I know i was raped and that we couldn't hide it anymore. And i changed my phone number and blocked their email addresses.It was super upsetting to write and mail that letter, and i am completely mourning the loss of my parents tonight, but you know what? I survived. I beat their abuse. I have the rest of my life ahead of me right now.To anyone who needs help: DO NOT BE AFRAID of inpatient psych programs. If you need it- it will help you immensely.Feel free to AMA.
After unknowingly and horribly dealing with what happened for five years, I finally understand and am starting to accept what happened.I told my SO I've been sexually abused but I've tried several attempts to tell him when I'm feeling scared or having one of my triggers pop up. He deserves to know what my triggers are and what I've discovered since learning that I *was* abused.Thanks guys 
After abuse as a child at the hands of my father (physical + emotional) I was more recently emotionally and sexually abused by a partner for a number of years. I'm with someone else now and happy (although it's been a struggle!) I have been split up from my ex for a couple of years. I don't have any romantic feelings towards him at all anymore, and I get anxiety attacks if I smell/ see/ hear anything that reminds me of him. He was a lot like my father too, so there's that added layer to it all.Despite this, I find that every now and then I will check my ex's Facebook page or find myself looking at photograph's of him. This is obviously very triggering for me and it makes me feel bollocks every time I do it, but it's like I have no control over it.A part of my ex's emotional abuse involved constant cheating/ compulsive lying and then gaslighting and self harming/ becoming aggressive towards me if I confronted him about it. I soon learned not to confront him or show any sign that I knew what he was up to for fear of the repercussions, but I used to spend hours on Facebook checking what he was doing. Almost to punish myself, I guess, because he was always up to something and I knew I wouldn't/ couldn't do anything if he was anyway. I had to know anyway for some reason.I've been having counselling for a while now for C-PTSD and have started feeling more resilient recently. Like I can begin to address things outside of not panicking at every sound or movement someone makes.So I've been wondering why I still do this; before I do it it feels almost like it's a coping mechanism but I know it's going to make me feel terrible. Or maybe it's a way of processing the memories?TL;DR Anyone else drawn to things that they know will trigger them? Or habits that you developed during abuse that you can't seem to break? Why do you think we do this?
There's no pretty way to begin, so I'll just dive right into it. Warning, it's a bit long.Background:My mother, older brother, and I were all abused by my father (physically, emotionally, verbally) at different frequencies in our lives. My mother did her best to take the brunt of it all for us, but she couldn't save us from everything. My older brother got off the easiest out of us three, because he was the favorite and male. I wasn't the daughter my father thought I'd be (he basically wanted me to be super athletic and popular and perfect... I was none of those things), so he'd beat and belittle me daily. This went on until my mother was strong enough to divorce and throw him out; I think I was 7 years old at the time.Ever since then, my brother and I would have to go see him at his house every other weekend. He'd drink and smoke a lot and usually be very distant while around us, the only thing he actively did was feed and abuse us on occasion. He hurt so many people (hurting countless girlfriends of his, as well as fathering a now-estranged half sibling that he forced me and my brother to interact with [and he treated that sibling much, much better than he treated us], forcing an ex-stepmother and ex-stepbrother to flee from him because of how dangerous he was, etc.) and he's fucked everybody over without understanding anything he's done wrong. He liked to tell me how I would never be loved and how I'd be all alone because of how fugly and hated I am. It finally stopped when I was 13, after an incident that lead to him and my brother (then 16) having a full-on fist fight and our mother being called. I haven't spoken to him in almost 6 years. Now, to present day:I'm in a new relationship (almost two months together), and I haven't said a word of my battered past to him (which I don't have to, especially not this early on). He's undeservingly sweet and incredibly patient with me, which comforts me for when it'll be time to talk to him about all this. But I'm scared that time will come much faster than I'll be ready for, because while I haven't breathed a word of it to him, I know he's dimly aware that something happened to me:He's met my mother and older brother. My mom remarried years ago, but my older brother and I still carry our father's last name (which I hate with every fiber in my being). He greeted her with "Hi, how are you, Mrs. [my last name]?" And my mother, caught a little off-guard, laughed and said "Actually, I'm Mrs. [her new last name], haha!" I felt embarrassed about him being so close to that buried bloody secret and busied myself tidying up the already clean room midway through this exchange. I've also accidentally flinched from a sudden yet innocuous movement of his. I didn't want to talk about it so I pretended it didn't happen, but I could feel his concerned stare on me for a solid four or five seconds before he followed my lead and ignored what happened too... But he's made a point to not move quickly around me since then.He's not stupid. He knows something's up, and though he's too kind or polite to ask me (which I'm thankful for)... I know I can't keep it a secret forever.I guess my question here is... How can I begin to get into the mindset of telling my boyfriend at some point and being comfortable with him knowing? 
I heard about people repressing these memories and such. I think this has happened to me. The reason why:I can't remember much from my childhood. People will say things like, 'at 7 I did this, etc,' but I can't remember what age I did anything. I really can't remember a lot. Sometimes I don't even remember some of the pictures that are in my house. The first questions therapists ask me are about my childhood, and I really can't answer them because I don't remember much. When I saw an eating disorder counselor, she told me to do a history of my body from when I was growing up, but I couldn't do it because I didn't remember anything. This isn't normal, is it, otherwise she wouldn't have asked me to do that?Also, my memory is really good, so it can't even be that. I've passed most of my exams because of my great memorisation skills. I'm always complimented on my good memory. But this corresponds to everything but my childhood. I used to have a lot of morbid dreams when I was a child. I can actually remember all of the nightmares I had. One that sticks out is the fact I used to see this person, who I used to know, with an evil twin. That dream used to plague me a lot, and I have a feeling maybe something happened there. I have maladaptive daydreaming, and reading that sub, most people seem to have used it as an escape from abuse. I know mental conditions aren't always caused by abuse, but that coupled with everything above, I honestly feel like it could be a possibility. I have severe depression, anxiety, and bipolar disorder too. I also have emotional/physical problems, particularly with relationships. All symptoms of being abused, or what I've read up, really correlate with me...But I can't remember anything happening. Well, anything at all really.Anyone have an input? Did anyone take a while to remember their abuse?
I was abused, primarily psychologically and emotionally, by someone I thought I was in love with, and even months and months after the relationship has ended, things haven't stopped sucking. I understand where the feelings of sadness, defeat, loss, etc. originate, but I'm really curious about how this extreme depression precipitated from that abuse. I'm curious what you all would have to say about the depressive flatness, emptiness, "loss of light," etc. comes from after traumatic abuse.xoSwim
Please excuse my formatting, my little sister is on the laptop, so mobile phone it is for me. I don't remember a lot of my childhood. I don't know if it's the depression clouding everything, or if it's suppressed memories or perhaps something else. The fact remains, I don't remember much. From the things I've discussed with my parents, a lot of the things that I do remember vividly simply never happened. False memories. That doesn't leave me with very much to tell, but I'll try to work with what I have. When I was a kid, things were okay. Middle of the middle class, two parents that both had decent jobs. They say I was a happy child. I don't know when things changed, but they did. My mother has always been mildly depressed, my father has always been an angry man. He did not have a good childhood, and I don't blame him for it. They fought a lot, and split when I was very young. Four, so I've been told l. I remember reading by myself in my mother's appartement, sitting on the bed. Maybe my sister was there, maybe not. I don't remember. They got back together after a month or so, but I remember them asking us to choose one or the other. I couldn't, so I cried instead. Everything upset me when I was young. I was always very attuned to other's emotions, and very sensitive. So I cried. A lot. Especially when my mother and father fought, which was often. Another childhood memory: sitting on bottom of the stairs with my sister, listening to my parents scream. Well, listening to my father scream. My mother just cried, forming some sort of macabre melody with both mine and my sister's sobbing. To my knowledge there was never any physical altercations or abuse. This continued for my entire childhood and beyond. At some point it started to be me instead of my mother. So much yelling. I never yelled back, I couldn't bring myself to be like him. So I would sit and cry and withdraw. And he would yell at me for that too, for being so withdrawn. And for the crying. Boys don't cry, we're the tough ones. He never hit me, outside of spanking me when I was a child. He used to make this noise. This horrible, horrible growling sound when he was really angry. His hands would shake and sometimes he'd raise one. He always told me to go away when he was like that, and I could hear it in his voice. He wanted to hit me. Sometimes I wish he had, because then I would have a reason to stay away. I don't know when it started, but he scared me. I didn't like being around him; it was always one wrong move from screaming and that horrible sound. My mother said that one day, I just shut down. I wasn't her boy anymore, I wasn't happy and playful and sensitive. She said it was like someone had reached into me and torn it all out. I withdrew and never came back out. I'd had anxiety as a child, and it was in full force now. My parents had always ignored it and forced me to do things, despite the panic attacks. I was sad too. Neither of those ever went away. I don't remember what happy feels like anymore. I stopped loving people around me. I stopped being able to. I stopped feeling empathy. I still don't, save for one person. I feel empathy for my girlfriend. I love her. So much that it physically hurts. It's like I took everything I should feel for the things around me and poured it into her. My parents split for good in the summer of grade 8, and I didn't cry. Not one tear, because I couldn't do that anymore either. The first time I told my father I didn't want to see him anymore was grade 9. I was forced into therapy, and so I told him there. My mom made me keep seeing him. Every other week was his week. The second time, she didn't let me either. And then he tried to kick me out. He "couldn't deal with me anymore". He ended up letting me stay. Great guy. The third time was two years ago. I don't go to his house anymore. Last year my mother went to log into Facebook. I had left my account signed into, so she took the opportunity and read my messages. All of them. I was cutting myself, I wanted to hurt other people just for the fun, and I wanted to kill myself. They yelled at me for not telling them, and asked me to talk to them. I couldn't, so I was sent to a mental ward for two weeks. Nothing changed. I thought I was safe at my mother's but she says things sometimes. I remember when I told her I was alive because I hasn't wanted to hurt her. She laughed. "Don't be dramatic". I cried for the first time in four years that night. I still can't make eye contact with any man, and if someone gets angry I shake and curl up. I withdraw even further. Old habits die hard. I hate men, and I hate myself for being one, even if I'm still only 17. I don't want to be be a girl, but being a male makes me want to die. My father used to tell me that women were all better than men. Smarter, better. Beautiful in contrast to pigs such as us. I still believe him. I don't want to but I can't help it. I am inferior. I am worthless. I am selfish. My parents like to tell me how hard my disorders are on them. I'm sorry for hurting you. You were good parents, I was just fragile. You deserve better. At least you have my sister. She's a good kid. The same as me, though. You just don't see it. You never see it.
Its been a rough couple of days.  Finally got to the point where I let myself be angry at my abuser.  This was triggered after finding out that she was still telling people that I was mean to her and treated her badly.  I'm meant its been almost a year now, she moved on to a new relationship and she still is making like she was a victim even to the point that her new SO has been talking it up.  When you live in a place where people know everyone eventually it all gets back to the person you're talking about.   I mean for fucks sakes I have'nt gone running my mouth about how she abused me and treated my daughter like shit to anyone outside of my therapist, family and in here.  I figured I'd take the high road and just heal myself and leave it alone.  But FUCK! really after all that she put me through and all these months later she still has to throw me under the bus.!!  WTF!  The anger just came. Like a righteous wave and washed over me.  I just went outside and ranted like I wish I had when it was happening.  Standing up for myself calling her out on all the fucked up things she did and how fucked things were, neglecting my daughter putting her down. After 20 minutes I was done and it felt good to let it out and I was totally drained. OMG if I'd know how good it would feel to shout and yell at the air I would have done this months ago. Not that I think that this is the end of my work to get healed up.    Has anyone else done this or heard about it or something similar?
I have been through a lot in my childhood. I always so afraid when my mom upset or angry with me. She at some point will shout and yell at me. Anyway, I live away from her. Now, I think I made a person upset and I am so afraid. Last night I can't sleep until 4am. It's just killing me. 
Ugh.  I have a bit of a tale for you all and I assure you it is only your advice that I seek, so hopefully I can get it on the table here.  I love her.  I love her truely, madly, deeply.You know that kind of love that they always wrote stories and movies about but didnt seem real?  Like that fairy tale, romeo and juliet kind of thing that everyone secretly wants but most never find?  The kind that drives you equally toward bliss and madness?  That.  That kind.I have loved her since the day I met her.  She was married and was a friend of a someone I had went on one too many dates with.  We fell in love and set the world on fire.  Everyone was against us but we fought hard.  She was amazing, but she was deeply troubled.  Her path was a dark one but her survival was heroic.  Her darkness was not unlike my own.  Our paths shared so many parallels - we were one and the same if I wasnt just a little older and by default a little farther ahead.She saw in my eyes what I saw in hers - a fierce refusal to take this life as it had been offered.  A determination to play the cards we were given as very few had the capacity to.  A glow of survival although heavy with pain.  Deep and excruciating.For five years we defied all odds.  We were dumb but madly in love and no matter how hard we tried we always came back.  We always came back to each other.  Hurts compound.  Things change.  She was so very afraid to let go.  The fall of her marriage, though she ended it herself, set off a flurry of emotionally crippling attacks against her.  Her husband was scorned and would stop at nothing to destroy her.  Bit by bit, he took everything from her including her child.  Her family turned against her, her friends abandoned her and all of it boiled down to a cruel man who sought vengence.  Amazingly but not surprising knowing her, she persevered.  We persevered.  We began to rebuild yet again. After our son was born we tried to do things differently.  In reality, i started to change.  I began to widen the distance between our steps.  At one time we walked hand in hand but soon we had grown so far apart I could barely see her in the fog I had drawn between us.  I couldnt see how hard she was trying.  I couldnt see how badly she was hurting.  I took every sign as a sleight against me.  She was crying out and I was telling her not to yell...We had very similar childhoods.  Not unlike many, we were victimized.  Betrayed.  While I had managed to compartmentalize and disassociate from the pain, she could still see it and would scream out, begging me to acknowledge.  Begging me to climb back down to her.  All the while I was reacting in the very same way I had all those years ago.  I was turning my back on the hurt.We broke up a year and a half ago.  I had given up.  I blamed everything on her.  The drugs.  The deception.  Every cry.  I blamed her just like I blamed my history.  I didnt see it then but I was no different than she.  I was carrying my pain, daily victimizing myself and all the while hurting the one I loved so dearly.  The next few months were a communication failure of bad romantic comedy proportions.  As in if we would have just fucking talked to each other - really talked to each other and let go of the fear of the pain each other could bring - we would have avoided so much worse.  For a while I was convinced I was doing right by us, that somehow this was going to convince her to really do it this time.  That she would fix things and that it would be ok.  She tried. She really did but I still wasnt LOOKING.  I was too busy tending to my own wounds from so long ago.In the year and half since we broke up, we have spent alot of time together.  We have a child together so there is always communication.  I have never stopped loving her.  The pain healed with time and one day I began to realize that it was not fading.  I moved on.  I rebounded.  I rebuilt.  but i burned for her.  Suddenly it all became so crystal clear.  i began to address some of my own issues and loudly and clearly i realized so much.  Her pain, my pain and the way we carry them.  The way they manifest.  more than ever  i understood.She turned to escorting when we broke up.  The drugs were one thing but this provided means to many ends.  i abandoned her when she needed me most.  i abandoned her because running was the only thing that saved me so long ago.  i left her and she fell into a dark place.  At one time i took this so universally cruel, that my history would repeat so literally.  That the one I love would choose that life over me. But this wasnt me talking.  This was the child that was talking to his mother.  Instead of saying "what do you need me to do"  i said "how could you do this to me".  I ran away when she needed me so and left her vulnerable and afraid.By the time I had realized what had gone wrong, that was looking to her to change when it was really me that needed to, it was too late.  She was moving in suddenly with a new boyfriend.  All this time we would see each other frequently, to talk, to cry, to pour it all out and yet still not seize the moment.  There was so much we had to do.  Even after she swore she was moved on, we would still end up in each others arms, if only briefly.  We pretended it was not emotional but it was. Eventually i moved on and sought to find "the right" one.  I still thought about her every single day.  Still worried about her.  Still wondered if her new man knew how to be there for her.  Knew how to accomodate her.  Knew how to take it.  I missed her so badly but i tried to ignore it.  I began dating someone else.  It was so right on paper but had no passion.  Six months in and I knew it was not ever going to be the same.  Utility.  Not real.  Not love.The phone rang late one night and I was awake.  It was Her.  She was sobbing.  She sounded afraid.  She said she just wanted to hear my voice - that she had no one in the world left to call.  She told me it was not everything she pretended.  That she was in trouble.  That he had not worked in months and made her work for him.  My stomach in knots.  What had i done..I asked her what she needed me to do.  I told her no matter what, she always has someone to call.  That i am family whether we are together or not and this is always a safe place.  She thanked me and let me go.  She averted my gaze during the next few times i seen her.  We barely spoke.  Her phone was always checked.  I couldnt text her or call.  She was a robot when she would respond.  The calls came a few more times, increasing in frequency.  She has taken refuge a few times.  We finally have been able to talk.  To confess.  To listen and feel each others hurt.  To lay it all out.  To be exactly what we should have been all along - there.  I have told her that I will be there for here, now and forever.  That I understand now! That I know what I did wrong and I know I can change that.  That I love her more now than ever before and that I will spend every day of my life proving this to her once more. Then the night would end, and she would go.  She came a couple of weeks ago.  She was a wreck and she was in such a terrified state.  She had left him.  It was over but she was so afraid.  He has a very deep control of her that I would never in a  million years think possible of her.  She was completely broken.  She could barely look me in the eye but she came where she knew she was safe.  As the hours went on, little by little she grew more comfortable.  She gradually allowed herself to trust me.  She could talk to me.  If nothing else, I am her friend.  She broke down.  We stayed up for hours as she explained everything.  Every detail.  She still loved me as much as I her.  She wanted so badly every day to come home but was so ashamed of where the darkness had brought her.  I told none of it matters.  The details mean nothing if it means I would spend another day with out her.  I told her I still believe in her eyes and that it doesnt matter what she has done in her life.  All that matters is now and tommorow.She wants to get out, she wants to go back to rehab, she wants to be a family again.  She is also afraid.  She is also under someones influence.  Someone she is emotionally and physically manipulated and abused by.  Within a day or two she was being manipulated again.  By the weekend she was "staying" at his house while he was away.  The next week she was back at my house.  We got very emotional, she is equally as afraid of me.  I told her I am not pushing her anywhere.  I want only to walk with her once more.  I want only to be there for her every moment that she needs me and if that somehow leads us back togehter than yay but I am doing this for her either way.  We had decided that night that we were going to do it.  Hell or high water.  No matter how long it takes, no matter how dark it gets.  We spent this last weekend away together.  Her and her close friend and me and my close friend.  Her friend knows everything and she is a great asset to Her and is 110% on board with us.  It was literally the most wonderful time we have every shared together.  Every single moment was cherished, was beautiful.  I have never laughed so hard and never been so in love with her.If anyone is still reading, I promise I am at the advice part now.  God if nothing else I really just had to say it and acknowledge it tangibly.  My question is really how can I support her?  I want to heal with her.  We are not unlike each other in alot of ways.  I feel helpless.  I dont want to push her away again.  I dont want to fix her, that is not the case.  I love her unconditionally.  There is nothing that would change that.  She is my family, and I wont ever turn my back.  She loves me too.  I just want to be with her.  I am not asking anything of her but to get the hell out of that house and away from this scumbag that uses her as his commodity.  He is a coward of a man and he knows full well that I have been trying to rebuild my family since he came into the picture.  Is there anything i can do other than just continue to be there when she needs it?  I dont want to lose her.  Its just so delicate.  She obviously wants out but she has grown used to it.  I am more convinced than ever before that we will make it, that this is a  dark chapter in our tale, that love will find a way - especially after this weekend.  How do i tell her to come home?  How can I do this together with her, no matter the path?  Is any of this even possible?  It never was and it still as true.  I let her down and I will do whatever it takes to rectify that.  This is what they write stories about.  Please help.  (sorry)**TL;DR - The love of my life is trapped, how can i help her?**
I want to get this out of the way, it did NOT happen directly to me, however I was involved. I saw it myself, in my bedroom, about 11 years ago. My little sister DOES NOT remember this, and I feel if i had said something sooner it would have been better. So now, I'll begin.My dad had this friend. The guy would come over a lot, usually twice a week, and I always enjoyed when he came, he was funny and usually gave me a dollar or two. I was 5, and my sister was 3. He had been coming around for a few years at this point, and him and my dad were outside doing stuff, and he came back in to "use the bathroom". My sister and I were in my room playing, and I went to get a drink, and heard him come in, and a door close. (the bathroom guests use is a few feet from my bedroom door)I walked back to my room, assuming he was using the bathroom, but it was my bedroom door that was closed. I opened it a little, to see what was happening, since the only reason I could think of was to play with our cat. Keep in mind, I was 5, and had no idea of any of this stuff. I opened it, and he was on my bed, my little sister was naked and he had her on his lap and was touching her, tasting his hands, then touching her more. She didn't know what was happening and just thought it was okay since he was an adult, but my mind was blown. I always thought my mom was lying about people doing things to me and my sister if we weren't careful, and I always imagined them as old hunched over men with scruffy beards and going bald, not my dad's friend.He saw me, standing there, and quickly said "Don't tell anyone, your sister was in here naked and I was trying to put her clothes back on her. My sister does not remember this at all, since she was 3, and I'm very glad about that. I didn't have the courage to tell my mom till I was 8, and we did go to court.I was in 3rd grade, mid January, and had to miss school for the court. It felt like forever, really cold waiting, but they didn't send him to jail, since there wasn't enough evidence. As far as I know he didn't have to register as a sex offender for child molestation, but no matter how hard I've looked I can't find it, since I honestly have tried my hardest to forget about it. what I do know is he wasn't allowed anywhere around here again for a few years (the state), but I forget how many years exactly, this is just what my parents told me since we were in another room with my grandparents and some people who worked at the court.Honestly I wish they had sentenced this man to prison and that the guys in the prison showed him what it's like to be touched and used sexually without your consent, and made him feel like a fucking little girl. (this was put on r/LetsNotMeet but I was asked to bring it here, just copied it all)
I've been in therapy for years now dancing around (but not really diving into what I think is) sexual abuse I experience from my dad. It's hard to even admit I was sexually abused since I didn't experience touching or overt abuse. I should say that my dad is gay but remained with my mom until just a few years ago. Basically our immediate family all knew he was in the closet for years but he didn't officially come out until I was in college. He's also had a lot of other troubles, including being HIV positive and been arrested for possession of crack when I was in high school. He was emotionally fragile, always under a lot of stress. And I often felt responsible for making him feel comforted and okay. I've come to understand a lot of his other behaviors as inappropriate. I've started reading about emotional enmeshment and "covert incest", both of which really ring true to me. I felt responsible for his emotional well-being and like if I really said how I felt, I'd hurt his feelings. In middle school he would come into the bathroom when I was showering and get into the shower with me. I hated it. I would tell him not to but he would anyways. I felt powerless and full of shame. I don't remember exactly what he'd say when I'd say no, but I remember feeling guilty for trying to stop him. He would never touch me, or overtly even look at me, but I felt violated. I started using a different shower in our home and being sure to lock the door.  But then over the years he did other things to violate my personal boundaries. He would come into my bed in the morning when I was sleeping. As a typical teenager, I liked to sleep in on the weekends until the late morning/early afternoon. He would come into my room to wake my 'lazy' teenage-self up. He would lay down next to me, and usually fall asleep. I hated it. I would tell him not to, but again he'd dismiss my complaints with a, "oh stop being so difficult," or something similar. I would usually then just get out of bed because I hated sharing a bed with him. I felt total rage but felt powerless to tell him exactly how I felt. He did this through middle school and high school, rather frequently. Many mornings, I didn't feel comfortable in my own bed knowing that he could just appear suddenly and plop down on my bed. I’m realizing just how much my Dad’s self-centered way of being, and disregard for my boundaries continues to affect me. I struggle with getting close to people. I have many friends but feel I hold everyone at a slight distance. It is difficult for me to assert my needs, or even acknowledge them.  I really want to get better and regain the sense of self that I lost as a kid. I feel like I would really benefit from talking to other people who’ve had similar difficulties with their parents. I would love to find a support group or any other resources to help, but I’m not sure if there’s a group out there for people like me. I sometime wish the sexual abuse had been more overt so that I’d feel like I belonged in an incest support group, or sexual abuse survivors group. Please share any resources you may find helpful to me.
Two years ago I ended a three year long emotionally, sexually and verbally abusive relationship. It was extremely traumatic and he was extremely manipulative. I had to rebuild my entire social network, repair my relationships with my parents and I'm still dealing with nightmares and residual confidence issues. My wakeup call was the fourth time he injured himself while telling me it was my fault (I was going to sleep on the couch because I was angry with him for calling me a name and he wanted me in the bed with him), this time he gave himself a concussion (by banging his own head on walls, bathtub and furniture) and the police became involved because I called a mental health hotline instead of breaking down and doing what he wanted. When he ran out into the street bleeding and screaming the hotline called the police and they tracked him down and put him in the ER. I still remember him screaming it was my fault while he bashed his own head in. I still remember him screaming in my face and then crying and making me hold him. I still remember him holding me down and forcing himself inside of me after we had a fight, because makeup sex was so important to him. I still remember how he told me his mental health problems were my fault, him leaving school was my fault. I bought it all, I believed him and even though I've been to therapy, I still hate him and I can't shake those memories, I feel so enraged by his systematic abuse, by how he tore me down over and over again, how he cheated and made me feel crazy for suspecting it. For how I feel like I lost three years of my life.Okay, I'm done ranting...as you can see I'm still angry. In fact I think I'm angry for the first time, I was sad before, I was grieved, I was even ashamed of myself for staying with such a psychopath, but now I'm angry. I want revenge so badly, but I know that isn't the way to go. I've talked to my therapist about this, but it hasn't helped much. I really would like to let this anger go, but it's been two months of straight rage and I can't shake it. I need advice please!!!Has anyone on here had a similar struggle? How did you let the anger go?
Long story short, I've been in a relationship with my wife for 5.5 years now, and she had two kids when we met from her previous relationship. Both kids were constant (like almost nightly) bedwetters when I arrived on the scene, and occasionally they'd lose it during the day, too. For context, they were pre-K and 3rd grade when we met. She and the kids moved in with me to a very good living situation across the country where I'd gotten a job after we were married in mid-2012, and gradually the younger one worked her way out of the bedwetting mostly on her own in a year or two's time. The older kid and I have a great bond, and I've prodded into his earlier childhood a few times but didn't get any clear answers. We tried alarms, consultation with medical professionals, minor surgery for a slight oddity in his insides, and finally a bedwetting alarm. I believe the bedwetting alarm finally conditioned him to wake up to the feeling, and he's had maybe one accident in the last 1.5 years... until this week.This week his grandparents (wife's father and mother) came to visit, and they're staying at our house. I'm unavoidably out of town for work so I haven't been there at all for this. The boy has wet himself on both nights since they arrived. This just seems too strange to be a coincidence. I chalked the first night up to a change in routine or possibly too much soda when they went to dinner, but two nights in a row? This is not right.My wife and I have a one-year old in the house now, and while I never ever suspected anything from her parents, the current situation has me very worried for the safety of all three of my kids. My wife brought up her own concerns to me privately, thank god, because I thought I was alone in my paranoia. I think some serious counseling is overdue for the two older kids so we can get some answers. Thank you for reading, now I need some advice. What do I do? In what order do I proceed? I was a victim of some peer abuse in my pre-K years, but no one knows about it besides my wife. It doesn't bother me as it was just clueless kids doing what had probably been done to them, but I can't let anything like this happen to my baby, and I can't let me older kid regress like this because he's been doing amazingly well in his life (gifted school/sports/etc).Additional background: bio father of the older two fell into the prescription painkiller rut, had lots of sketchy people in the house while my wife was gone (back when they were still married), I always suspected it was one of his gross friends that messed with the kids, but they also lived at her parents' house for two periods as well. What are some other signs I should look for, and how do I get a good reference for a child/family counselor? If I'm in the wrong sub, forgive me, but you folks seem like the ones who'd be willing to address a problem before it begins. Thanks for reading.
Please help me figure out what type of relationship I was in.I'm an 18 y/o Jewish girl. I was involved with an Arab guy 18/M for 5 years on/off. Long time. Over the course of the relationship in high school,(Ages 14-15) he did - cheat on me, flirt with other girls behind my back.-at many points said we needed a new hitler, made fun of jews, etc.-talked shit about me behind my back, calling me a bitch etc for no reason.-would lead me on, use me in a sexual way and then say he didn't like me at all in that way.-would constantly bring up his ex in front of me, knowing it upset me.Ages (16-18)-would sometimes shove me,once pushed me on floor.-occasionally would grab me in arguments.-i found out he cheat on me online about 5-7 times, if not more.-would beat himself up literally in front of me (would punch, bite, slap, scratch, slap himself) or take my hand and force me to hit him.-his parents are anti semitic/racist and would make fun of my skin color, would make fun of the way i looked, called me ugly and he did not stand up for me or tell them to stop-he once grabbed me, dug his nails into my arms and slapped me over throwing a blanket on the bed.-his friends would talk shit about me to him, once again did not stop them.-when his parents found out we were dating, they threatened to kill me & my mom, told me to rot in hell, called me a bitch, called me a whore, told me to go fuck myself, called us stupid, basically any horrible thing you could think of. once again he did not defend me and never stood up for me.-on one occasion, I got drugged by people i thought were my friends. i was alone with them in another city and I was panicking and afraid, so i called him hoping he could help me or do something. Instead? he started YELLING at me for going, saying i was dumb for going, saying it was my fault , and i was stressing him out and he should break up with me and i was begging him, while drugged up not to leave and he'd be saying "How does it feel now to beg??? Does it feel good?" while I was sobbing and screaming. It was traumatic. Theres more that happened, but I can't type more...I was there for him a lot and I put up with a lot to be with him, and I'm still confused on why that had to happen to me. Sometimes he could be the most kind, sweet and loving person. He would do the most sweet and thoughtful things, but then he had the most ugly side too and I am genuinely confused. Please help me figure this out? We are broken up, but I still love him and find myself wanting to be with him. Someone talk sense into me please or explain, I need help. Thank you.
I really need to get myself and my son away from him.  Things just keep getting worse.  We were going to try to live together until he was financially able to leave (get an apartment), but his sexual and verbal abuse of me has gotten worse.  My therapist convinced me to reach out to a dv shelter here but they said that they don't think they can help me get an injunction or transitional housing or legal aid to move things along unless I press charges.  Their courthouse coordinator (who helps with injunctions) isn't a lawyer though...its just the usual way they do things.  I can't afford a lawyer (he is also financially abusive) so I can't consult one.  Has anyone done this though?I'm not hesitant to press charges for his sake but for my own.  I have no proof.  It would be my word against his.  And he has a very close working relationship with the police in our town.  I just want out.  I don't want to go through that.  
Sorry this might turn into a REALLY long post but I've wanted to get this out for ages. I haven't told anyone any of this before. So it might be a bit rambl-y.Basically I'm 20 now. I only realised that I was in an abusive 'relationship' when I was 17, and even then I didn't really believe it. This is the HUGE story:Our mother died when we were young so we were sent to group/foster homes because we had no other family. When he was older I went to live with him. I was happy because I really hadn't had the best experiences in these homes and of course he's my bro so I was happy to be living with someone close to me. But obviously he'd been ****ed up by them too because he soon turned.Then I had no idea that this whole thing was turning toxic. He hit me the first time when I missed school but then apologised saying that social services would come and take me away and he was worried about that because he cared about me so much. This just went on and on getting worse and worse. He'd always hurt me, then apologise saying he loved me and was just worried about social services, and I'd believe the whole thing.By the time I stopped standing for it my self-confidence was so low that I couldn't do anything because he was the only person I had (only family, only friend.) Everytime I argued he'd say that social services would come and take me away and I'd go back to a horrible home. That was the last thing I wanted. He'd say that if I talked to anyone they wouldn't believe me because everyone liked him, he'd been to university and come back and I couldn't even get a C, I was stupid, I had no real friends, everyone was using me because he was so popular and they only wanted to be friends with him, I'd never be in a relationship because they'd only use me and really want to be with him, I was ugly, he was better looking than me and I'd never compare.I felt like one of those 'stupid' people who constantly go back to their abusive partners who people scream at to leave and they just don't. But I had no one else. I had to live with him or I'd go back to a home and then I'd have even less.It didn't help that I also got bullied in school because of wearing the same clothes a lot and being genuinely poor because he never gave me any money for anything. And I wouldn't speak to anyone because I'd be too ashamed to bring them back to the house. They'd like me even less when they met my brother and realised how much better than me he was. When I got back home he'd always be the only person there that I could talk to so I'd always stay there and take it for another day. I always thought it'd stop the next day, that his apology was actually genuine this time.It was so bad that I started self-harming really badly and occasionally still do. I tried to kill myself once and my bro couldn't deal with it so he had to call someone else and they took me straight to the hospital. He was into drugs so he couldn't even call the ambulance to come to the house, and I had to leave the hospital, otherwise I'd get taken away.I walked out one time, just walked out, when he punched me so hard that I fell down the stairs. Then I never came back. I didn't go back for any of my stuff or anything because I knew that I'd never leave again. I stayed in some shelters and the workers there actually helped me get back on my feet. Friends who I'd just made at the time actually stuck by me so I realised for the first time in my life that they weren't just using me and a girl actually liked me (though I didn't treat her very well because I didn't believe her.)My bro got arrested (for drug dealing) and only when I was away from him did I look back with the help of those friends and realise that he was actually verbally/emotionally abusive. I didn't even ****ing know at the time - it sounds stupid but I really did feel like I was always doing things wrong (missing school, asking for money, drinking alcohol, etc,) and he actually cared about me enough to apologise and tell me his feelings. I also was in the mindset that verbal/emotional abuse only happened to people in romantic relationships, not between two guys/brothers, which I'd never heard of before. But obviously to anyone but me that wasn't healthy or how a normal relationship should've been. Anyone actually reading this will probably think the same thing, like, what the hell? Why hadn't I just left and I honestly don't really know.Now even after three years I can't stop defending him. I don't mean to. Like, I'll say things like 'he never meant to push me down the stairs, he just punched me beside them, and I fell down' Or 'I wasn't a good brother either, sometimes I worked him up too much,' 'I stole from him so I deserved it.'My friends always say not to defend him but I don't even realise I'm doing it. Only when I think back will I realise what I've actually said. I looked up this whole brainwashing concept, and I actually realise that this may have happened to me. I can't even see anything I like in myself, I feel so ugly and alone constantly, and I know everyone feels like I'm just fishing for compliments and attention (like anyone that reads this) but I'm really not. I don't even WANT compliments because I have no idea how to react, and it's just so awkward for me. I just remember every single thing he said constantly and I don't want to be like this. I want to be able to accept compliments, actually believe people's intentions, be able to say things like this to people IRL and not just online, and actually focus on making something of my life, but I can't. This constantly drags me down every single day. And if I go to see him (which I will have to,) then this whole thing will start again and everything will come back worse than ever and I'll never be normal.I can't find anything online hardly about these kinds of abusive relationships. All I find are partner abuse. I understand that but I'd love to know of anyone who understands this, a non-romantic thing. Is it possible for family to have the same hold on you? It doesn't seem that way :/ I've always felt like the only one who something this extreme has happened to involving families.The worst thing is that I'm also a guy so this happens even less, its even harder to find experiences or people that understand. I just want someone to actually understand and help me but it never happens.I just want to move on with my life!I'm sorry for this massive rant-y post on here that will probably just clog up the sub and people will probably not read but I just needed to write it somewhere. I can't tell anyone in real-life because they won't understand and I don't have any blog accounts that no one knows about. I don't even know how anyone will react...If anyone's actually read to this point, can you understand, or help me, or just say anything? 
Background: Ten years ago I moved away from my hometown due to an abusive ex. I took my soon with me. On the advice of a lawyer, I didn't notify the ex until after we relocated. It was then that I found out the mailing address and phone number he gave me were both fake.  After moving, I didn't hide my name or address (I was google-able), nor was my phone number unlisted. The ex never once tried to contact either of us in all that time. (He had access visits, but hardly ever showed up when we lived nearby)My mom is very ill, and will pass away soon. I want to move back home to help her, but both myself, and my now adult son, are still terrified of my abusive ex (who threatened many times to kill both of us if we ever moved away) I'm also not sure if I can somehow be charged for moving away, because the ex had access visits?Any advice for us? The last time I spoke with a lawyer was three years ago, and he advised we never move back there. :(
Just finished another therapy session.. It was good but rough.  Found myself defending my abuser and making excuses for her behavior all while trying to shake myself loose from these hooks in my head.Therapist brought up the concept of trauma bonding and how is distorts your perception and makes you loyal to the abuser even after its over.  Called it the ultimate mind fuck.  Got home and did some research on it.  It was like holy crap  I do many of those things even after all these months.  I wanted to scream.  Has anyone else every experienced this or figured out how to work through it. Thanks for listening.
I have a daily battle because of work. I survived 2 abusive relationships, one physical/sexual and another that just encompassed the whole gambit. And then I was raped on two separate occasions after those relationships. I luckily don't work in the shelter section or on the crisis line, because I don't think I could handle those. But, working on the admin side is still exhausting.  I have to listen to our lawyers discuss cases, our advocates discuss their next support group plan, help the outreach come up with news and social media pertaining to the topic to share, talk with the executive director about how to combat the newest issue or bring it to light better in the community. I am luckily in a place in which I can make it through, and I will do so gladly. But damn, some night after work, it's hard. Some days during work, when the bad court cases are being worked on, I survive because of earbuds and Spotify. I love my job, and I know I'm helping others like me. I wouldn't give it up for the world. But it's so much.
About 9 years ago I was put on a 51/50 hold for wanting to murder my mother and cutting myself.  I had a dissociative episode, went completely black, and apparently cut myself all over and was preparing to kill her.  I came out of it and realized something terrible had happened, and immediately called a therapist and went in.I told the therapist I was feeling overwhelming rage towards my mother.  What triggered it was my mother making fun of a little girl on TV that was crying because she didn't have a penis.  I had some serious gender identity issues when I was younger, and am a homosexual.  Hearing her make fun of the little girl brought on this dizzying nod...  The next thing I know, I'm in my room crying and bleeding all over, wanting nothing more than to kill my mother.While in the mental hospital, I had realized that my mother had repeatedly molested both me and one of my sisters.  I had witnessed several instances of abuse against her, and she witnessed several instances against me.When I was released from the hospital, I told my brother and sisters what had happened and what I remembered.  They all seemed supportive at the time, but never spoke to me about it unless I brought it up.  I had gone NC with my mother and stopped showing up to family events, so my contact with my siblings diminished, as well.I had a conversation with my brother about the abuse again, because I was frustrated that nobody had reached out to me.  He said,"Frankly, it's hard to believe."  I was devastated that he could doubt what I was saying, since my whole life has been painfully obvious evidence of being molested.  He said that if someone else said something happened, then he could believe it.  I was hoping that my sister, the one that was also abused, would remember things to corroborate my accounts, which would be incredibly validating for me.  She didn't.  I left it alone for years.A few years ago, after realizing my sister was still in contact with our mother, I decided to call her out.  I described one of the abuse memories that involved her.  She said she didn't remember it.  But shortly afterwards, she said she believed me that it happened and was going to think about some things.  A while later, she sent emails to our brother and other sister saying she believes me about the abuse and is distancing herself for her own protection.  She also sent our mother an email telling her to stay away.  After that, I didn't hear from her for about a year and a half.Next thing I hear is that my sister is pregnant and she is having the baby shower at our mothers house.After that, I hear my mother was present at the birth.My brother called me on my birthday a couple weeks ago, and I was very upset.  We rehashed the whole,"Frankly, I don't believe you" conversation and I told him that I will never forgive him and he doesn't deserve to be in my life.  I feel good about this decision, since I have never needed him and he has serious narcissistic traits that are painful to be around.But he said that he doesn't necessarily NOT believe me, he just thinks that it was a misunderstanding not sexual molestation.TRIGGER WARNING:I want to run through all the accounts of abuse that I remember and get feedback from you guys.  I need reassurance that this was abuse.  Here's what I remember in chronological order:-My mother spreading my legs and holding my vagina open several times, sometimes poking and prodding.-Being taken to the doctor several times, and having it looked at, and the doctor sternly telling my mother "Don't do that" when she touched me-My mother picking me up from behind and cupping my vagina.  I tried to get out.-Laying on the couch and my mom would rub my nipples, and try to tickle me around my nipples.-My mom would yell at me for embarassing her in front of other people, say things like "It's your fault people are so rude to us" "You always try to embarass me"-I would be curious about nudity and dirty jokes, she would frequently explode into rage at the kitchen and scream at me calling me names.-One night I was crying because I fell asleep during a movie that I wanted to watch and she sat me on her lap and reached around and felt my breast.  I was developing at the time.-I started having night terrors.  I would wake up in the middle of the night in the bathroom, naked, and screaming.-I woke up in the middle of the night with no underwear on.  I built a lock out of tape and a plastic ruler to make sure she couldn't come in at night.  I awoke to her snapping the ruler, pushing my door open.  This confirmed she was coming into my room when I was asleep.-She would push me with her hand right on my breasts-She would make fun of what I was wearing and how it looked on my breasts-She would grope my butt frequently, in public.-Sometimes she would reach between my buttcheeks.-In the car one time, she reached over and started stroking my breast. I was about 12.  I froze, but was able to ask what she was doing.  She said,"Just petting."-Whenever I needed a costume made for a school play, she would pay extra attention to areas around my breasts and my crotch.  I was relentlessly groped during fittings.  I told her to stop because it seemed like the things she was trying to fix were made up. -She would come into the bathroom while I was showering-Whenever I was naked, she would stare at my vagina-Whenever I got new pants, she had to "check" to see if they fit, which meant her putting her hand between my legs and making contact-Being gay, she would yell at me for not looking like a girl.  She shamed me repeatedly for cutting my hair short, saying things like,"Fine you want to be a boy, just be a fucking boy"-When I was in my 20's, I was at a fundraiser walk for cancer, and I was riding piggyback on my best friends back.  My jeans were a little tight, so I guess my but crack was coming out a little bit.  My mother came and put her mouth there and blew air into it.  This was in public.-I witnessed an exchange between her and my sister when my sister was about 12.  She was wearing our school uniform skirt, but she had rolled it up so it was shorter.  My mom said to her,"I can see you rolled it up to under your titties!" And as she said that, she grabbed my sisters breasts with both hands.-My sister was in a lot of plays, and saw her deal with the same gropings during fittings.  Same made up problems.-My sister wet the bed until she was in her teens, and she had to have sensors sewn into her underwear to wake her up when she would start urinating.  She had to be fitted for those.-We would have to be checked for "rashes" frequently.  Though we never had anything besides chickenpox, like regular kids.  This required us to strip down to our underwear and stand under a light, while our mother looked over every inch of our bodies.  This was the most disturbing thing.  I had to be put on a chair with the light right there and she spread my legs because she said she had to look.-Whenever I said I didn't want to be checked for rashes, she would threaten me with having to come out of my room naked in front of our family.I don't see how I am misinterpreting this.  I do not see how this can be a misunderstanding.  Someone please help me.
Still struggling day to day with the effects of the abuse I endured. Some days are better than others.  Saw my abuser while out today, she thankfully she didnt see me. I didnt react as badly as I have in the past or get as anxious as I used to, still keyed up but better.Want to thank everyone for the support, advice and PM's especially when I didnt think I was going to get any at all.  It has helped a great deal and made me realize that how she manipulated things to isolate me and keep me afraid and quiet.  Its good to know I'm not alone or the only one that this has happened to.
My father was emotionally and physically abusive. When he decided he really wanted me out of the house he closed the space between us so he stopped sleeping in my mothers room with her and started sleeping alone in the room right next to mine. I am aware he knew this made me uncomfortable and it gave me little privacy to do anything since the wall between these two rooms was very thin. Whenever I masturbated, like a young guy does, I could hear him stirring in the room like moving around doing something always at the right time and I knew he was clearly actively listening to me or trying to make me uncomfortable or masturbating himself. But I never wanted to know. He's a real cruel type of personality and I never met evil like that before or since. I know he's a pedophile because of how he regarded underage girls that my sister had as friends when she was a kid.
I think my doctor may have misdiagnosed me, saying that I have bipolar depression when I truly feel that my intense emotions are an acute response to abuse (psychological, physical, you name it) from an ex-partner.My tantrums/breakdowns are looking less like panic attacks now and are more like crazy, visceral screaming (just out of control feelings of loss, anger, and helplessness) and sweaty, scary flip-outs. They come from a spiraling feeling that builds throughout the day of frustration at my aching pains in my broken jaw and fractured ribs plus the severe hopeless I feel about the future or ever finding happiness in my life when I've already worked so hard for personal success and successful relationships.What should I do? I don't know what to believe and what to hope for. Thanks x
After starting the process of ending the toxic relationship with my ex (it does really seem like a total *process*, after all, and even now as things are "over"...), so many of my friendships and acquaintanceships at the college I was attending seemed to drop out from left field, for strange reasons that felt manipulative and almost accusatory, as if I had done something wrong. My best friend of 3 years decided that she didn't want to be my friend anymore. The last contact we had had was when I was over at her place dogsitting for her new puppy and she got home. I'd cleaned for her, ran a load of laundry for her puppy's bedding, and tried to do a good job... haha. I'm a self-aware person who loves to give and who loves to love, and honestly, I think this is part of the reason I found myself staying in an abusive situation in the first place, always wanting to give more chances to my ex. At any rate, this friend stopped contacting me at all after the day I spent dogsitting for her, refusing to respond to my invitations. Several weeks later, she apparently fell off a bar stool and suffered a concussion, and she used this as an excuse for not contacting me at all during the three weeks prior to when her accident supposedly took place. When I tried to get back in touch with her to pick up some things I had accidentally left at her apartment, she left them outside the door with a note saying that she wanted to end the friendship.Honestly, I'm just trying to figure out how to not take this personally, because I think it has more to do with whatever she's going through than with me. But can I at least get some validation that that is SUPER icy? Or can anyone shed some light on why this invalidation has to be coming down on me right now, when I'm already in a really painful spot? Grrr... if only we could all be open and gentle with one another.
Just my rant here. I didn't realize my mother was emotionally abusive until this year. I'm 21 now. All this time, I just fake smiles and pretend to be happy. I don't know what I want in this life. I don't know what to do. I'm currently in university btw. This is my last year. Wish me luck.There are some things I get when grow up with abusive mother.1. I feel guilty when I'm angry. My head always telling me, I have no rights to be angry. Now I can't be angry with anybody. 2. It's hard to express myself, I often don't know what I feel.3. I can't make relationship. I don't trust anybody and my head keep telling that everybody is abusive.I wonder how to change that. To change the way I see the world, the way I see people. I can't be like this forever.
hi all, i was really happy to find this community of brave and awesome people. i've been having a particularly rough time the past couple of days coping with my trauma and feeling as if things will get better.my abuser came into my life after a few years of worsening depression and anxiety, which sort of makes sense to me as i get the feeling he knew i was vulnerable and could prey on me. since i made the decision to be vocal about my horrible experiences with him (a very lonely choice, as many of you can probably understand), he has lawyered up (as have i) and continued to harass me and deny my truth either directly, via his friends, and via his attorney, who has taken to stalking my twitter and the like... i feel like he has taken away any appeal that there was to my life and my freedom to live and express myself.i feel often like the world doesn't want me, and that i don't really want to be in the world after what i have seen of it.all i wanted from the moment i met him was to love and be loved, and with every month that passes, every scary email or letter, and every little disappointment and frustration in my day-to-day life, i feel that i will never find the joy or trust or satisfaction that i keep hoping for. i'm becoming increasingly convinced, which is a really scary feeling, that i won't ever have any good come to me in my life.i'm submitting this not just because i feel like some kind words from others could help a bit, but also just in case someone else feels like this is their new reality -- maybe knowing someone else feels this way too could help soothe another person.thanks in advance for sharing your thoughts and words with me... what a tough thing to try and get through.
Ok, so this is my first post on here but it’s something that has been in the back of my mind since it happened and I feel like sharing it will help. Btw I am a 17 year old female.I started dating this guy in 2014 (I won’t name him for privacy reasons), and the relationship lasted for six months. I was 15, he was 19, I was in year 10 and he was in year 13 which is the last year of school. I know that I was stupid and that it was an awkward age-gap but I had just come out of a really miserable period in my life and had stopped self-harming the year before. Basically, any attention would make me happy especially during this time where I really appreciated having people to talk to. Also, my best friend and I had been going through a kind of frosty period because we had had disagreements about her relationship at the time, which was more toxic than mine turned out to be, but I digress. We met through Facebook; I had added him because I knew him from my school and had seen him round before. I had no real intention of actually talking to him until he messaged me with,“You added?”I replied with “Yeah, we go to the same school, I’ve seen you around.”Basically, from there we started talking. Mostly about stuff we enjoyed and how we were finding school, and then we would talk more and more frequently. At times where I couldn’t turn to my friends, I would feel as though he was the only one who I could trust to talk to about how I was feeling. It seemed like we had everything in common; we became really good friends in a matter of weeks. I wasn’t nervous at all because knew he was a real person that I would see in school from time to time. As he was in his last year of school, he wouldn’t be in very much so it was rare that we would see each other.I eventually invited him to hang out in my tutor at lunch time with my friends and I, and he came but sat at the back and didn’t talk to me, which of course struck me as strange. Later on, I asked him why he didn’t come and join us, and he told me it was because he was shy and was afraid my friends wouldn’t like him. Me being me, thought this was too cute and told him that was okay and that we could meet some other time. Sometime during the early days of us knowing each other, he asked me how old I was and when I replied ‘15’, he sounded disappointed and told me I was too young for him. I was taken aback, as I had had no intention of starting a relationship with him, but at the same time I was flattered that he had considered me girlfriend material as I had very low self esteem back then. Eventually, he just thought ‘screw it’ and asked me out. This should probably have been my first warning, as why on Earth would any 19 year old ask a 15 year old to be his girlfriend. However, I was ecstatic that he had such an interest in me and said yes straight away, but I told him to keep it a secret from my friends as I was unsure about what they would think and did not want to come off as a hypocrite to my friend, who I had just fallen out with over her relationship. The early days of our relationship were great, and seemed too good to be true (not trying to sound cheesy but this turned out to be the case). To me he seemed to be the perfect boy, and even though he had a past of drugs, alcohol, and smoking, I promised myself I would give him all the time and help he needed. This should have been my second warning. After a couple of weeks, we had a minor disagreement because he had told all my friends behind my back that we were going out. This of course bothered me because he had promised that he wouldn’t until I was ready. Nonetheless, I almost instantly forgave him because I thought that he was just too good to lose over something so petty. Furthermore, I felt encouraged to carry on the relationship because my friends regularly said how cute we were together and this attention made me feel great. On the other hand, his friends clearly did not like me and would ridicule him for dating me, which made me feel terrible. Thinking about it now, I would probably do the same if one of my friends started dating someone who was underage.This started to get awkward when he wanted to get more physical with the relationship. He wasn’t pushy at first, but just made subtle hints and suggestions that we should start ‘getting to know each other more’. I didn’t mind this so much at first, and thought it was only fair that I gave him what he wanted and felt it would be selfish of me not to. He became very touchy, more and more so as the months passed. He would end up trying to partially undress me in public places, sometimes being successful, and touch me in all sorts of ways. This was extremely inappropriate, especially considering the fact that I was underage and we both knew this. He would even try and grope me in school, on the bus, walking through the park, and other public place that made me very uncomfortable but I did not want to be harsh with him. He had emotional problems, and I did not want to make him upset because I would never be able to forgive myself. We would stay out for hours after school and I would come sometimes to find my mum angrily standing by the door asking me where I had been. Even though she knew that we were friends, I would never tell her that we were together and would always make up an excuse about staying behind for extra revision in school. I never told her about my relationship with this boy because I knew she would be furious and prevent me from seeing him. One of the very vivid memories I have is when he and I were at a mutual friend's birthday party. It was held in the garden, so it was not uncommon for people to be coming in and out from walks to the shop or whatever. We had been having a great time chilling with friends when he told there was something he wanted to show me. By this point I trusted him greatly so I went with him straight away. There was a path outside my friend's garden gate that was hidden by a tall hedge, and if you went up it you would get to the top of the hill where there were more houses. We walked up there for about ten minutes until we reached this overgrown field area that was out of view of the houses. I had never been there before. I asked why he had taken me here and he replied,“So we can do stuff without people seeing or knowing we’re here.”You can probably guess what he meant by ‘stuff’, and looking back, I should have been much more scared by this than I was at the time. I mean, what kind of guy takes an underage girl to a secluded field to take part in sexual activities, whether they are in a relationship or not. Anyway, I complied with his wishes, and let him take off my clothes. He did likewise, and we did some stuff. The thing that really horrifies me about this memory is the point where he positioned himself above me and said,“I could take you right now.”Even at the time, I was unnerved by this, as he was on the verge of having unprotected sex with me and there would be nothing I could do to stop him. This was the first time I had been truly afraid of my emotionally unstable boyfriend, even though the warning signs had been there from the start. I laughed nervously and asked him nicely not to, and luckily he relented. We went back to our friend’s party, and the rest of the night was spent throwing furtive glances at each other. A couple of my more attentive friends asked me where we had been, but I just made up some excuse about us going on a walk together.I could write a book about all the things he did that embarrassed me and affected my mental health, but I’ll just list a few:Whenever I would do something he didn’t like, he would stand so I could see and delete all his pictures of me and replace them with pictures of a girl he knew I didn’t like and would blatantly flirt with her in front of me.Whenever, I wasn’t in the mood for doing sexual things with him, he would guilt trip me into doing it anyway.He would try and force me to do stuff that I didn’t want to do and would make me feel bad if I didn’t.When I would tell him something in secret, he would sometimes tell my close friends and ruptures in the relationships I had with others.He would encourage me to stay out later with him and come to his flat (by this time he had left school and was at the University in my city) even though my mum had specifically told me not to.He told me that a girl in my year who he was friends with kept sending him nudes and tricked me into hating her (these turned out to all be lies and the girl and I are good friends now and share a mutual hatred of my ex).I’m not sure if it was him, but a rumour spread around my year that I had done something very inappropriate in public that I had not actually done. As you can probably tell, this did nothing for my self-esteem issues.He would constantly make me feel jealous by saying that he could get any girl he wanted and that tonnes of girls hit on him in bars.He would always talk about how strong he was and how he could seriously hurt people if he was angry. I knew the purpose of this was to scare me into not disobeying him, and it worked to an extent.He would threaten to kill himself if I tried to leave him, which caused me to have panic attacks and cry regularly.When I eventually found the guts to break up with him, he would spam me with messages about how sorry he was and go through my social media, liking and commenting on all my photos. Some of the more disturbing messages included:“It doesn’t matter how hard you run, I will always be following you”“I’m going to come to your house”“I’m bleeding out in my room right now, you don’t care do you” (it turned out he was having a nosebleed so my concern was unwarranted)However, typical stupid me decided he and I should remain friends. This lasted for a few weeks until he blocked me on all forms of social media. In the autumn of last year, he tried to contact me again on an unknown number. However, I had wised up and knew almost instantly that it was him. He told me he still had all the photos and messages I had sent him, because ‘they had been backed up automatically on his hard drive’. Right, like you can’t still delete them. I told him not to contact me or any of my friends ever again (he had been sending us friend requests from his new Facebook account), and I have never heard from him since.All in all, our relationship only lasted 8 months, yet during that short time it had nearly destroyed me. At the start it seemed we had everything in common, but it turned out we had very little in common after all. I had become very hostile to close friends and family and they all observed the change. Also, my grades in school slipped and this was especially bad because I was going through a phase of thinking that bunking off lessons was cool. My best friend was great and supported me through it, even though I didn’t tell her the full story till much later. I never did and probably never will tell my mum about the relationship. I’m sorry that the story was long, I wanted to keep in enough detail it for it to be coherent. 
I've ended an abusive relationship, got a restraining order, going through divorce and fighting to keep my assets, still suffering knee-jerk panic reactions at the thought of my ex. It's really affecting my life. I've stopped the physical and psychological abuse, now he's going for legal and financial instead, and I'm still trapped in the same mindset. I've been mostly turning to weed, as I did to cope with the abuse during the marriage. I've been trying to turn to relaxation but still panicking. I know there's an element of time involved, and the legal processes are still ongoing so there's lots of triggers. Other things like work and shopping are also triggering attacks of anxiety. Also the weed is at a level where it's probably increasing the paranoia even though it seems to reduce it short-term, but I'm struggling to break the pattern. Has anyone got any advice on coping with this? I was considering taking some time off work to focus on self-care instead, and spending plenty of time in the spa and the yoga studio and the countryside. I've been trying to avoid anti-depressants having been on and off them for years - I don't like taking them long term and I don't like starting and stopping either. 
I recently found out that my older sister (who’s in her thirties) was sexually abused by an uncle of ours when she was around six or seven years old. She didn’t go into much detail about what happened, but the revelation alone left me disgusted and mad as hell. She also suggested that I may have been abused, but I have no recollection of this happening - though I have always despised my uncle, so that could be why. No one else knows about this, and my sister is adamant that we keep it that way. She says our uncle probably feels tremendous guilt whenever he sees her/us, and that this is punishment enough, but if that were true, how could he maintain a relationship with my parents/us for all these years? I think he’s “prayed” this all way, and that’s how he’s able to face us. He’s asked forgiveness from God (instead of his victim(s), received it (so he thinks), and now everything’s “OK.”If I could go the rest of my life (or his) without having to interact with him again, I might be able to let this “slide.” But now that he’s been diagnosed with terminal cancer, my father expects us to go out of our way to provide him with emotional/moral support, and perhaps even financial support if his insurance won’t fund his treatment. As he’s a lifelong bachelor, his support system is limited to us, and a sister who lives across the country. I’m supposed to have dinner with him when I visit my parents next week (they all live in the same town), but am doing everything I can to get out of it, because there’s absolutely no way I’ll be able to act “normally” around him now. No way. I’ve known for years that my uncle was a bad person, despite the efforts he’s gone to in making himself out to be a religious and highly ethical man, but I never expected this level of betrayal. I am particularly outraged on my parents’ behalf. They’ve bent over backwards to repeatedly help him during times of struggle - they’ve lent him money on numerous occasions, they let him live in our house during a period of extended unemployment (when the abuse occurred), and now they’re involved in his cancer treatment – all because he’s “family.” Would they feel this way if they knew he helped himself to their daughter(s)? What’s worse is that he doesn’t even appreciate all that they do for him. Because he’s my father’s “baby brother,” he feels entitled to everything my father has to offer, and more. This is eating me up inside. I’m on the verge of telling my parents everything, but at the same time want to respect my sister’s wishes. What should I do? Is this exclusively her information to (not) share? What do I say to my parents when they ask me how I plan on supporting my uncle?
This is a crosspost with r/abuseinterrupted. My thinking right now is as follows : why oh why did they agree with her, as in "yes of course, your life is not worth living" (and what does that say for me. And what does that say about the crime of incest formally having as penalty both parties put to death) - and I'm thinking - how cd it have been easier for her to access government sponsored death than access mental health resources. I have a suicidal friend right now who has had to jump through hell and high water, despite living in a country with universal healthcare, to access the care that she needs. It shouldn't be that hard. It shouldn't be that hard even for someone suffering from, say, a broken leg, but it definitely should be remedied that depressed and suicidal people should receive over and over again "no you don't qualify" "yes but you have to wait six months" "no this isn't the right bureau" "no this also isn't the right bureau" and other manifestations of this over and over and over again for months before they can get entered into the kind o f therapy and support that is necessary for life. Why instead of accepting her - I don't know, is it a sort of application? why not give her an advocate instead who wd get her into treatment. My thinking may change but that's what I'm feeling right now.https://broadly.vice.com/en_us/article/sexual-abuse-victim-in-her-20s-allowed-suicide-by-doctors-in-netherlands 
So "the guy" bites me really hard (it leaves a bruise), drags me across the floor in just my underwear and clinging to a rolling pin out the front door x3 repeat(just a small cut but its massively gory in my fragile mind), then corners me in the kitchen not letting me move, proceeding to this: playing religious things to check if i was possessed or not while pinned on the floor.....??!?!?!?! is it still abuse?
my story is already on here. many years ago i posted it. i'm drunk right now, so pardon all the shit grammar and spelling.i recently moved back in with my ma. it's so weird, 'cos i'm old as shit now (33) and here i am living off my mom. everyone tries to act like this is a natural progression for me. like this is what everyone expected.i told my mom i want to leave and she's terrified i will land up in worse situations. what a thing!!! she wants me to talk to my sister and what do i tell her, "hey, i want to move out. ma is scared i'm gonna go around getting raped a lot. sup? can i have some water or 80 beers!?"and that's another one... why do i have to suffer? why am i not allowed the fuck out? i mean maybe i do get raped again? what does that mean for him? will heeeee live through it? WHY DOES NOBODY ASK HIM "WILL YOU SURVIVE IF YOU GO BACK OUT?!"I tried to tell my mom i'm too angry to get hurt again. i tried to tell her what that entails. i know y'all feel me on what i mean by that. i'm too mad now. they can't hurt me forever.and this is where i change my username. 
Up until a few months ago, I was a part of the Independent Fundamental Baptist movement. Never heard of it? Good for you. It's taken me a long time to be comfortable enough to tell this story, even to total strangers. I've looked all over the web for support groups, but I can't find any active ones. So here it goes: My story.I won't go into details about why I left, but let me tell you, it wasn't pretty. Me and my family were isolated from our church, the only world I ever knew. As a child, I didn't think there was anything weird about me. All I knew was that I should be in church three times a week, do my devotions, and tell others the good news of the gospel. That would make God (And my parents) Happy. As I grew up, I began to realize things that made me uneasy. When I turned twelve years old, a whole new set of rules were imposed on me, especially because I'm a girl. While I was on church grounds or doing a church activity, I had to be in a modest knee length skirt. If I was lucky, I would be allowed to wear a pair of baggy knee-length shorts. Yay. And the men? They could wear whatever they wanted. Sexism is a HUGE part of the fundamental baptist culture. They deny it, but it's true.Music, oh music. Where do I begin? I've been told countless times that my music can't be "worldly" or "beat-driven". (Whatever that means.) From what I can tell, all you're allowed to listen to is hymns written before 1910 or songs put out by fundamental baptist colleges. I wouldn't want God to be displeased with my music, right? Then I'd be a "Spiritual Hinderance" to my friends, which is the worst thing you can be if you're an IFB. There were a lot of other crazy rules: No movie theaters, no dating WHATSOEVER, no saying anything to challenge authority. But the main reason I'm writing this is to talk about the horrible  things I've been told ever since I was born. This might sound a bit dramatic, but I think it's kind of screwed up my brain. At least twice a week, I was told that I would go to hell if I didn't ask Jesus to come into my heart. I also had to tell as many people I could about Jesus.  Lessons about the horrors of hell were normal for me. Fear became my world. Would my friends suffer in hell for all eternity if I didn't tell them about Jesus? Was I going to go to hell too? I was...Terrified. Then I got older. I think I was about fifteen of sixteen when I began to realize a lot of what IFB's taught was a load of crap. I began to break free. But all my friends seemed to still believe everything wholeheartedly. I was so alone, and I couldn't talk to anyone at school because my school was AT the church, but that's another story for another time.  Whenever I tried to speak out, I was reprimanded. Even now, I still have frequent nightmares about burning in hell. About people I haven't seen in years burning for all eternity. Whenever I try to talk about my life to anyone who's never experienced the IFB church firsthand, they look at me like I have ten heads. If anyone reading this has had similar experiences, please, comment or message me. I need support. I'm so alone. Like I've said, I've left the church, but I'm still empty and angry. Why me? No one else in my town has had to go through crap like this? There's no one to reach out to, and it sucks. That's why I've decided to reach out to Reddit.Thanks for reading this far, it means a lot. 
I ended my relationship about two months ago and I'm having a hard time right now, dealing with depression and anxiety. A little background: I grew up in abusive households. My mother and her partner were physically, emotionally and verbally abusive to one another. I don't particularly recall being the direct target often but I have a habit of blocking things out of my memory or ultimately denying events. To be brief, there was no place which was off limits for fights. They beat each other in the car while driving, they threw each other down the stairs, etc. I didn't talk to anyone about this until I was eighteen and away at college. I didn't begin going to therapy until I was twenty years old and almost killed myself. My father suffered from severe depression and although he was physically there he was very absent from my life. He was not engaged with me which often meant many things I was excited about and loved were not validated or acknowledged. I had spent most of my life praising him for being my "rock." I often said I liked that we could just sit in the house and not speak all day but I'm beginning to realize that I did not enjoy that, it was just much more stable than my other options. My father eventually remarried to a woman who was hot and cold. She would one day be soft and loving and then be livid and angry the next day. I was often belittled or punished for things such as washing dishes incorrectly or scrubbing the floors poorly. She was not hesitant about telling me that I was manipulative, defiant, conniving and callous. She would often sit me down, say these things to my face and my father would sit and say nothing. I was in really rough shape by the time I graduated high school. My best friend's mom begged me to get out and leave because she wasn't sure I could survive living like that anymore. I left for college and did not go home often. I did well in school and found a creative outlet but I also drank excessively and begin having multiple sex partners which eventually escalated to dangerous sexual relationships. In my last year of college I began therapy after a three-day drinking blunder which resulted in me trying to off myself. I began to see positive results slowly but surely. About six months in I was in awe of the person I was. I felt free, less angry, less empty. I was easily the happiest I have ever been in my entire life. Around this time last year I was slowly spiraling down again and was unsure why. I had my heart broken in January and I believed I was handling it well. The mixture of the heartbreak and my pending graduation was taking a toll on me and I was not confronting it. I began drinking every night again and binge eating. By the time graduation came, I was a mess. I tried to talk about it but it was like I wasn't really there. I didn't want to do anything. I didn't think I could live life after college. Truthfully, I never imagined living beyond college. I never imagined I'd be alive by this point. I felt like I couldn't see a life for me, not one that made sense. It was such a starkly different feeling from what I had felt the entire year leading up to my graduation. I had felt like anything was possible and that my life was just beginning. Then suddenly, I was sure there was no where for me to go. I enrolled in graduate school which was not something I wanted to do or felt was important to me. Upon making the decision to go, I immediately felt less motivated. It was like my life went from feeling so full and meaningful to nothing. I was hanging out with this one male friend, who I had known for years, more often. He and I had a non-committal sexual relationship for about a year. I only slept with him when I was drunk and truthfully I had never considered him as someone I deeply connected with or knew. Nor did I have much interest in knowing him. Around the time that I began graduate school and was feeling more and more distant from myself and who I was, he and I began dating. He was charming at first. On our first date he surprised me and we spent the day in a town on the river, shopping and eating. It was beautiful. He let me drive his truck because he knew I loved to drive. On our way home, we saw a sign for a Buddhist monastery and told me to turn around and stop there because he knew I was recently exploring Buddhism. It was like this for the first two months. He would give me breakfast in bed. Send me meaningful and thoughtful text messages. He was a listening ear. We went to breakfast every morning. Until it wasn't. Until something was absolutely wrong but I couldn't put my finger on it and I ultimately didn't believe myself. I stayed for six more months. It only got worse. He often compared me to every woman he ever dated. When I would speak to him about something important to me or something that bothered me, he would often turn the conversation or focus on him and then I was left consoling him. He also physically abused himself.  The abuse only happened when I was express unease about something or want to talk about something bothering me. He would shout at me for not understanding him and for putting so much pressure on him and then he would beat himself. He would hit himself over and over again. I would sit there, shaking and crying telling him it was not okay and then he would just weep begging for me to love him. He began to become cold, distant and cruel. He would not speak to me for days at a time. He would ignore me while we were together. He would blatantly check out and flirt with other women while he was with me. But when people we both knew were around, he was charming and personable. He eventually began telling me I was a burden and I made him miserable. I tried to break up with him in December and he told me I had shattered his heart. He didn't speak to me for seven days and then contacted me with apologies. I took him back. I'd hoped that what he was saying was true. When we got back together he promised to get help and write me weekly. He wrote me once and then never again. When I confronted him, he told me that I didn't understand how demanding his life was and he did not want to write me if I was not being understanding. He did not ever seek help. I broke up with him shortly after. He cried and asked me why he wasn't enough. I have dreams about him hurting me now. I don't really want to leave my house or do things I use to enjoy, such as going out and socializing. I'm also having a hard time talking to anyone about what happened. When I hear myself speaking, I feel like it all sounds unbelievable or I'm being too sensitive and pitying myself. I haven't felt this bad about myself in a very long time. I feel very alone and very disconnected. It's been a year since I graduated college and after all that has happened, I feel like I have no idea what happened to the happy woman I got to be for a moment. I want to leave my city, start over but I know I will still feel this way. I left school and I'm now working in my field. My job makes my days more bearable. I enjoy my work so I don't think much while I'm at work. But when I leave, I feel empty and I got home and just distract myself. I can't seem to open up in therapy. Once I left school I had to find a new therapist. It's hard to build trust while simultaneously trying to tell him about what happened.I feel hopeless. I don't feel like I have any direction or purpose. I don't know how I got so far to only fall so far back down again. Thank you for reading. 
My mother has a lot of issues with family estrangement, herself. She was a step child that was also adopted. She spent most of her life trying to find the childhood love she never had in other people, and I fear that's my own future. She had several children from different men, but only married my father in the end. (I am the youngest) My father was mentally ill and physically abusive to everyone, which caused my siblings to resent me as his spawn. My memories are a bit foggy of the times he was around (ages 1-7)My father separated the two story house into "his downstairs domain" and the "other children's domain". My siblings, who didn't share blood with him, would always be upstairs away from him when he was home. I was only allowed downstairs, for whatever reason. I never saw what happened to them; as long as they were upstairs. (I know he and my mother were both drug users at the time, so I bet that is one of the reasons.)He would hit me, kick me off the bed or down stairs if I tried to come up and laugh, but my siblings never would tell me what he did to them. My eldest sister says he tortured my only brother the worst. I only know that my siblings tortured me when I was little because of whatever he did. It was all retaliation. When my dad left it only got worse, because my mom took to partying and left me alone with them for weeks at a time. I would be locked into dark rooms while they locked the door and left. I would always be excluded from everything. I remember eating a tube of toothpaste from under a couch one time because I was so hungry- and mom was no where to found at the time. My mom is the only one who tries to talk to me. She is still mentally messed up from everything and still lacks regard for her own children really, and my siblings still refuse to speak to me. Dad is no where to be found. I have been trying to heal from the abuse for years, but the fact that my entire family just kind of alienated me is the part that hurts the most. It affects every relationship I have, and is the reason I cannot trust others fully or even myself, sometimes. I sabotage a lot of my personal relationships, then constantly feel guilty. I don't know where to go from here. I have zero family support. No grandparents, cousins, nothing, and my immediate family is too scared to deal. I am thankful I have a significant other who tries to understand where I am coming from- But I can't help but feel that I am a ticking time bomb for disaster. I am not even sure if I have told him the full extent of everything, or if I can. He knows I get really lonely around the holidays. Family togetherness is such a big part of our culture. I really wish I had someone around who has known me forever, who I feel comfortable with, who I could trust. I don't know how to build a new foundation and start from here, I guess. 
I need to rant. This post is something that I've needed to say for a long time and I'm hoping it helps me actually get on with my life. I guess this is the part where I give you a trigger warning that I'm going to talk about abuse, mostly vaguely. But! Trigger warning, y'all. -0- Every time I tried to write this post, something stopped me. Every time I tried to writer this post I kept pouring it over again and again and again thinking that I was wrong or that some of the things that I experienced never happened. I keep making excuses for my abuser and shaming myself because I love her dearly; I hate the fact that I love her. My parents got a divorce when I was in first grade. I don't remember why they got a divorce, later in life my mom told my sister that she and my father never fought and that was part of the problem. Realistically, I feel like he was blindsided by the divorce. While it was amiable, he lost everything in a matter of a few years. Don't mistake me: my dad wasn't your typical deadbeat dad. He always paid his child support and tried to be a presence, even when it meant having the heat turned off in his house. Even when it meant not having any electricity. Even when it meant losing the house we grew up in. He cut out the drywall in the hallway where we all had out heights stenciled on the wall so he could take it with him. Mom was flourishing shortly after the divorce. She got a new boyfriend (my now step-father, who is actually a wonderful and kind man) and had a good job but had a hard time dealing with three girls on her own. The first real instance of something seeming off was when my little sister and I were fighting over what to watch on TV. She stormed out of her room and threw a speaker on the ground (which hit me in the leg) and she screamed "Why do you two hate each other?" When we replied that we didn't hate each other she said "Well, act like it!" and stormed back to her room. I was nine and my sister was four-and-a-half.  The next few years were a generally escalating mess of interactions. I was reduced to tears for things like sweeping the floor wrong or loading the dish washer incorrectly. My mother often spent her time trying to pit my sisters and I against each other and we all dealt with it in different ways. My oldest sister became an over-achiever, my little sister became numb and withdrawn, and I hid in anything that would let me hide. I was very involved in school. I was the funny kid, but I didn't have a lot of real friends. We weren't allowed to play in the front yard, and we were rarely allowed to play with other children or hang out as teenagers. We rarely had guests. When we did, my mother was very charming. We were a very secretive lot. I started self-harming in junior high, which continued into adulthood. I never figured out how to tell when I was going to be walking in on *Nice Mom* or *Angry Mom*. Arguments usually ended with her accusing me of shutting her out of my life, being willfully defiant, or that I never really cared about her. She's threatened to commit suicide during arguments, and in times where I have been clearly wounded I end up being the one who comforts her. I found out that my mother was diagnosed with manic depression (which is now bipolar disorder) but did not take medications and did not seek additional help. I wanted to believe that her behaviors could all be blamed on an untreated mental illness. I myself experienced many mental health blips. I wrote suicide notes in high school, experienced panic attacks that eventually became so bad that I couldn't leave my room when it was time to go to class if I was more than a few minutes late. I was later diagnosed with bipolar disorder (type 1), though the symptoms started presenting themselves over a decade earlier. When I sought therapy and she found out, she would ask if it was her fault that I was there, or if I blamed all my mental problems on her. Things got bad in 2014, and when I confided in my mother that I was experiencing severe depression and daily thoughts of suicide, her response was to inform me that she had her own plan to kill herself and that nobody would ever know. I spent the rest of the day while I was helping her telling her how much we would all miss her. any time that I said I was having a rough day mentally she would insist that I was not, that I was overreacting, or that being sad was "just part of who you are."I was EODed (emergency order of detention) into inpatient psychiatric treatment in 2015 for nine days. It could have been worse. When she came to visit me, she was completely charming with everyone who met her and I dreaded the moments when she would be left alone with me; she would ask the same prying questions she asked when I was seeking therapy and even more insensitive ones. "Are you the craziest person in here? What's that guy in for? Do you actually want to kill yourself?" I ended up losing my job in 2015 as a complication related to my mental health condition and lost the ability to pay my bills and really support myself, so now I rely heavily on community health centers. My dad keeps a roof over my head and I do some work for my mother in the family business. she has been talking to me like a child and treating me like a child for years, though it has gotten worse since I got out of inpatient care. She even tells people that I can't take care of myself. She makes fun of me for being mentally ill and says regularly that she doesn't think I need to be on medications and that I should just stop taking them. Today, she made the comment "You're the only child that comes and visits me, and you have to be on medication to stand being around me." She never asks for my assistance, she only makes demands. She still tries to pit the family against one another- anyone who is seen as potentially shaking her power over the people who are "hers" are immediately hated and a campaign to isolate them gets launched. Any time that someone contradicts her or calls her out on her past behaviors she insists that they didn't happen or says that we are misjudging what she said or blowing things out of proportion. She has insisted that my oldest sister is neurotic and conniving; she also insists that my youngest sister is judgmental and lazy. I hate it, I hate all of this. The worst part of it is that, sometimes, she's so sweet and she's so kind and she seems so interested in what her kids are doing. My mom came up and hugged me today out of the blue and said that she loved me. It felt really, really good. I miss those hugs. I miss the kind of hugs that I got when I was nine and things weren't spiraling out of control. I miss the mother that I desperately wanted to spend time with growing up, and now I doubt that this woman ever really existed. I can't trust her love for me, and though I have genuinely tried I can not divorce myself from the fact that I love my mother even though I hate being beholden to her. I'm not stable enough to work in the actual workforce yet (thus says my case worker) but I feel like she isn't helping with the situation. I'm so afraid of becoming my mother. I'm afraid of having children because I might abuse them and I am so wary of people saying that they love me. I'm ashamed to say these things to anyone because I so desperately don't want people to hate my mom *despite* all the fucked up things that have gone on and continue to go on. I don't know what I want out of this post. I've been trying to write it for so long and I've wanted someone to be able to read it. I've wanted someone to be able to tell me that this is something that happens, that this isn't normal, that I'm not blowing things out of proportion and that I've actually been gaslighted my whole life. I just need validation. I just need to tell someone that it happened. Thanks, Reddit. 
I have finally decided to submit one of my own scary stories. I havehad a lot of creepy/spooky experiences in my time thus far, but hereis one that sticks with me the most.I was about 12 years old, and my school wasn't very far from where Ilived. I had always taken the bus home from school when no one wasavailable to pick me up. I guess my mother thought I was old enough tostart letting me walk home with other kids in my class, as we alllived pretty close to one another.On this one particular day, I was walking alone. I don't remember why,exactly, or if my mom knew I had been walking alone sometimes. I hadcrossed the busy intersection at the lights, and was starting down thesidewalk. This was a very busy street in my city, so there was alwaysa lot of traffic passing by. This one car had stopped at the curb,with no turning indicator on or four ways on, so it was odd that hewas just stopped there. Especially since it was such a busy road, andwas only one lane in each direction. He was causing a bit of a trafficback up. As I got closer to the car, I felt a little sketched outabout it because my mother had raised me knowing that there werestrange people in the world and to always be cautious. Up until thispoint, I had never really experienced anything like this.I finally got to the point where I was standing beside the car. Ididn't stop to look, however I did glimpse into the window as I waspassing by to see what the hell this guy was doing. The guy had hishands down his pants and was stroking himself, his head back and hiseyes shut.I didn't fully understand it then, but I knew that it wasn'tright or normal. I started to run because it freaked me out, and Ifelt almost like I had done something wrong because I glimpsed at him.As I was running, the same car pulled up beside me again. He sloweddown to a crawl, so he could keep up with me, and he had the passengerwindow rolled down now. I looked at him in horror, my eyes wide withfear and I was panicking. He was just smiling at me, this creepy asssmile and then, he started laughing. He had one hand on the steeringwheel, and the other was still down his pants.I booked it so fast that I felt like my chest was going to explode. Iended up turning down an alley way onto the street beside it so Iwould lose the guy. I heard his tires squeal as he sped off. When Icame out of the alley onto the next street, just as I was about to getto the next alley, I saw the same car coming around the corner,slowly, as if he was looking for me.The entire rest of the way home, I kept looking over my shoulder whilepower-walking to get home as fast as I could. It couldn't have beenmore than 20 minutes that this whole ordeal went on, but it felt like20 hours to me. I never told my mother about this incident because Iwas scared and somewhat ashamed about what I had seen, as if I haddone something wrong.
I originally thought to post this on r/letsnotmeet, but it would probably get deleted, because I wasn't stalked.I'm 15, and I fucked up, but what else is new, right?I decided to meet up with a guy I went to elementary school with. He was in 6th grade and I was in 3rd when he taught me to write in cursive. It was something that was required at my school. He remembered me.We decided to meet on a Tuesday morning. He didn't have classes until noon because he was a senior and did a lot of summer school, so he has pretty much all of his credits. I wasn't allowed on school grounds that day, because the sophomores and juniors were testing. He picked me up at a coffee shop, because my parents could not know that I wasn't with my friend like I said I would be, and my friend doesn't drive a big Ford, either, which meant he couldn't pick me up at my house.We drove around for a while, and he started towards the mountains. I was smiling because I love the mountains, and he asks what's up. I tell him that if he doesn't want me to have to direct him out of the mountains, he should turn around. He does, and we head away from the mountains. Eventually we end up between Marshall's and Outback Steakhouse. We talk about school and stuff, and he shows me some videos on his phone. I show him a video of my friend tazing me in the Taco Bell parking lot, and we settle for YouTube. He puts his arm on the back of my seat, and I kind of tense up. We're in the middle of a Cyanide and Happiness video, and he puts his hand on my jaw, turning my head to look at him. He's trying to kiss me. I pull my head back and ask what he's doing, apologize, tell him I'm in a relationship, apologize again, and end up saying "I don't."He smiles and repeats that I "don't". His arm ends up over my shoulders, but I was freezing so I let it slide. His left hand somehow finds its way between my thighs. I swear, my hips were pressed against the seat, and I still somehow managed to move back. I've never been touched there before, and I almost had an anxiety attack right there. A few minutes go by, with just him touching me, and me internally yelling at myself to say something, but I'm too afraid. Why the fuck didn't I say anything?He slips his cold ass fucking hands into my bra. I suddenly blurt out: "I'm pretty good in a knife fight!"He asks if I really am, and I nod, tightening my grip on the pocket knife in my jacket pocket. He unsnaps my bra. I keep thinking I should pull out my knife and tell him to stop, or scoot away to the door and get out to walk the 2 miles back home.He stops, and asks if I want to see his Richard, and before I can answer, he pulls it out, trying to get me to touch it. I say that I don't want to, and he puts it away. He tries to unbutton my jeans and I slap his hand away, telling him to not do that.He continues to touch me for several more minutes and finally finishes, before snapping my bra back up.He drove me back to the coffee shop like I was some fucking hooker.For two weeks he kept asking me if I wanted to hang out, and I kept coming up with excuses. I constantly had to say, "No, I'm in a relationship." I blocked him just before I started writing this.My friends think I'm okay, but I'm really fucked up about this, because as much as I hated it, my body was ready to do whatever. I feel so betrayed by myself, and I hate myself for it. I should have said something, but I didn't, and now it's too late to say anything to him. I can't go to the police because technically, I didn't deny consent, whatever I said "no" to, he didn't do, which was basically anything past touching.To me, it seems like I come across as fine, but my mental state over the past few weeks says otherwise. Whenever I think about it, I start to zone out, and a few times I've dissociated while walking around school, only to end up in a bathroom, shaking and hyperventilating.I want to get past this, but I feel like I can't. And my dad already thinks I'm a whore, so even if I told him, he'd blame it on me. I can't tell any adults at school, because they'd tell the counselor, who would tell my parents and/or the cops.I'm stuck, because I have to get past this on my own, with little to no help, and that's why I'm posting it here.
My childhood has been rocky but I've always thought from all the different forms of abuse and chaos that I've come out incredibly well adjusted and sane, if anything, disturbingly okay, aside from occasional horrible bouts of depression and crazy short lived relationships. I'm 23, my dad passed away when I was 17. And my mum passed away a month ago. Ever since my mum passed away I've been full force into positive perspective and putting the past behind me, it's been great, but slowly and gradually ever since she passed away I've had memories come up from some weird state of denial part of my mind about my dad. Things I always thought of it but stowed it away and felt disturbed to ever think about it, embarrassed even. But now I'm starting to remember a lot of it, I have a lot of realizations spawning from it, down to my taste in men, abusive relationships, weird sexual ideas and my inability to trust people and form close relationships. I've decided I'm going to find a therapist, though I have no idea how I'm going to talk about it. My problem right now is that I feel more vigilant than ever. I feel like there are constant alarms going off inside my head. I feel like all my energy is turned up to full blast on keeping aware of danger. I feel so dissociated and I can't concentrate on any activities I used to enjoy at all. I feel self conscious, depressed, numb, not sleeping. Even slightly sexual things on television and online are starting to make me feel uncomfortable and sick.I don't know how to hide my state of mind from people I know anymore. I guess my question is, does anyone at all have any coping mechanisms? Or good tips? Any good ways to remind yourself that you're your own person and not a product of abuse? Because I'm feeling very drained and hopeless and isolated, and I don't want to put this on anyone I know.What helps everyone else? And how do you connect to people? Are there any fun things people do to help them feel safe connecting to people again? Any websites or forums or subreddits people enjoy?
If you disagree with me on this, please just walk away instead of responding. I need to get this out.Someone posted on another sub about how their daughter was sexually assaulted by another kid. Some people said: all children experiment, it's normal curiosity, don't demonise it. I said no, normal curiosity involves something consensual. When one child is traumatised as it happened against their will, it's not normal, it's abuse.24 people downvoted me and then I deleted my comment as it was upsetting me. People kept telling me how ridiculous it was to say a kid could be a sex offender. I am so sick of people who don't get that sexual contact against your will is assault. I was abused by a kid from school and by a slightly older cousin and it wasn't normal experimentation because I was coerced. End of. My therapist says it's not about age, but power.I am so sick of people invalidating this. I was also abused by an adult and the child on child abuse was only less traumatic because the adult was a parent.I just wanted to say that.
I'm a week or so out from my ex getting arrested and charged for various domestic violence-related charges.  He was honestly a terror.  He used a hammer to destroy my things, threaten my life, and generally intimidate.   By the end, he was threatening to gouge my eyes out with a knife while holding said knife and punching me in the stomach in a stabbing motion.   He constantly berated me, and last year he strangled me multiple times over the course of 3 weeks.But only about three moments have really been haunting me.   The knife-incident from last week, and episode or two from the strangling, and an incident of mild sexual assault.  The last one is one I've really been struggling with for a while, and that I can't get out of my head.  What happened was that, during a bath one night after strangling me, he came in raging.  He ordered me out of the bath(or I wanted out, can't remember), and when I tried to put my clothes on he wouldn't allow it; not even a towel.  He kept ranting at me, and eventually began just slapping my genitals around while doing it.   When my body started to become aroused, he made comments about my interests in BDSM and how I must like it.   Honestly, I have a hard time remembering the event but I think it did physically feel good(even if I wanted him to stop).   It only happened once, maybe a second less severe time when the slapping started out consensual but became non-consensual as he wouldn't stop.  But it haunts me.  It's what I'm reminded of when the lighting is right in the bathroom.   It keeps me awake at night.Why?   He did so many other things....this is pretty mild, especially compared to a lot of other accounts of sexual assault this barely qualifies.  Why does it affect me?  Is it related to the fact that he admitted to sexual pleasure during the strangulations?I dunno, can anyone relate, or offer some thoughts?   Half of what bothers me is not understanding WHY it still hurts when I don't feel entitled to be hurt this much by it....
so today in therapy my therapist and i explored what seems to be the most common debilitating trigger in my life: the feeling that either of my partners (i have two) are mad at me. they are the two people that i'm emotionally closest to and spend the most amount of time with. one guy ive been seeing for 7months and the other ive been seeing for 2 years.sometimes really small reactions they have or things they say will alert me that they are angry or upset with me. even if this isnt actually true or is only very mildly true, it can trigger an intense emotional reaction from me. i feel a lot of fear and confusion and anger/shame. generally my thoughts are surrounding the idea of not being deserving of their love, or the relationship being ingenuine. i generally have the intense feeling that something is very bad and it's all my fault, and it will be accompanied with the strong desire to hide. often these days i have some level of understanding that i am being triggered and it's not the actual experience itself that is making me feel this way. but sometimes i don't see that or realise it and all that fear and confusion and shame just becomes a kind of blind, all encompassing anger.back when i was only dating long term guy, A, it was very unhealthy. we had a lot of codependence. neither of us had much money, we both had emotionally abusive family histories and lived away from family, and we both struggled with maintaining our long term friendships as both of us and all of our friends have mental health issues.i began to self harm, often only in the presence of A. i wanted him to see how much pain i was in. i wanted his love and nurturing. i had just lost my mum, who was also a source of a lot of my emotionally charged childhood things. it was confusing. we were both abusing drugs regularly. everything was insular. i felt like half a person.i did things i wish i had never done: i yelled and screamed at him a few times, used harsh words, reacted intensely to disagreements or arguments ie. thrashing, hitting myself. i hit him once or twice, usually amidst trying to harm myself.something would switch inside me, and i think it was those situations where i felt that he was upset or angry with me, and i would go into a blind rage. i didn't want to hurt him, and i felt so ashamed about my feelings and their intensity and irrationality, that i would hit myself hoping for it to stop, hoping that would help. i know it would have all seemed too much. i know he would have felt like my carer. like he couldn't escape. like his feelings weren't important.he cheated on me when we were monogamous a whole bunch of times. this gave a reason to my anger. it was very hard to understand his point of view. i was so clouded by emotion. eventually he found out he was polyamorous. it took me a long time, but i read up.i started feeling better at some point. i read up on polyamory, i read up on communication, we didn't live in the same house anymore. it was still so difficult sometimes, but it was a lot better than it had been. we saw each other less. we broke up for a while but re-connected, and it seemed to help. i became stronger in myself while we were apart. but i also closed off a lot of my emotional self. when we re-connected i felt a tenderness i had not felt in a long time.through all of this i always wondered why he would want to be with me. i have felt so ashamed of this anger i feel towards people, usually triggered by them speaking their honest criticisms about me. and i felt ashamed of being depressed, of self harming. i felt like i was broken.cut to now we both have other partners (his is long distance) - we see each other less. we don't live together (i live with my other partner.) i've told him i think my behaviour was abusive but i think he is too scared to use that word or to think that. i have a lot of confusion surrounding the relationship. we've known each other since we were 11. i wonder whether i should break up with him for his own sake. i wonder if i'm bringing my abusive behaviour into my new relationship (although i try so hard not to and i know my new partner wouldn't consider me abusive.) if i could do anything i would take back all the harm i caused. i was hurting and confused but i wish more than anything that i hadn't hurt him.i don't know what to do. i can't trust myself to know what is the best action to take. i'm plagued with the fear of losing him but maybe he doesn't feel safe enough to leave.i'm so sorry this is all over the place. i have been crying through this whole post. i don't want to be a bad person. i don't want to have caused the pain that i've felt. i do honestly love him, and think he is a wonderful human being. i just don't know if he should be around me, or anyone should.i'm so so so so so so so so ashamedhow can i take care of him? how can i ensure his safety? would it be best if i removed myself from him? he's away right now so i don't know that i could explain this stuff to him. but he's in a really bad place. i miss him. i want him to be okay.what can i do for him?
Our research team at Vanderbilt University is currently conducting a study on risk factors for suicidal thoughts and behaviors. The primary goal of the study is to better understand what thoughts, feelings, and experiences motivate suicidal thoughts and behaviors.We are interested in recruiting people who use this website to participate in our research study. Participation is completely voluntary. If you are interested in participating, you will complete an online screener to see if you qualify to participate. If you qualify, you will complete a variety of questionnaires online.The study will involve four online assessments over the next month that should take about 40-50min to complete and you will be compensated up to $70 in online gift cards to Amazon. A few important things to know about the study are:1. The study includes questions and images regarding self-harm, suicide, and other unpleasant images. We strongly emphasize that some of the images included are extremely graphic suicide-related images. Some people may feel that these images are very disturbing and may find them to be triggering.2. All information collected will be kept anonymous.3. Participation is completely voluntary.4. The link we provide will send you to a website telling you about the study. Once on that site, you can decide whether or not you want to participate.5. If you start to participate and decide you no longer feel comfortable or you are no longer interested, you can stop at any time.6. We will provide links to treatment resources throughout the study.7. This study will include only participants who are 18 years and older.Here is a link to the study website: https://my.vanderbilt.edu/tapresearch/Please send us a private message if you are interested in participating. Once you contact us, we will send you a link to the screening questionnaire to see if you qualify and to tell you more about the study.
This study has been ethically approved for distribution through The University of Nottingham.https://qtrial2016q1az1.az1.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_doIoDlVOzeSkLRjResearch study seeking participants: 16-25 year olds - You are invited to answer a series of questions about sensitive childhood experiences, and how you feel about yourself and your life. Your participation is expected to take about 10-15 minutes.PLEASE seek support from your physician, counsellor, or a helpline number if you feel triggered by the material.
So long story very short: I was physically/emotionally abused by my dad when I was 13-ish after his own father died. He's no longer abusive (aside from a one-off event that happened when I was 17), but he is still very emotionally manipulative toward my mom. My family basically acts like the abuse didn't happen, because I think my dad is ashamed (maybe?) of his actions, and my mom and I depend on him financially. This is recently leading to me starting to question whether it really happened, being filled with self-doubt, etc. All typical of ignored abuse, I think? Note that I haven't been abused for some years.The thing is, I'd really, really like to talk about this more openly with my therapist. As it is, I've told her that my dad and I "don't have the best relationship" (hahha understatement), but I feel like I can't be honest about everything because of what she said at our first meeting, something along the lines of, "If you're in danger of suicide/self-harm or there's abuse happening, I have to report it." (I don't remember the exact wording.)So basically I feel like I can't be honest with her because my mom and I *cannot afford* to live separately from him. Idk what to do. Advice?
I go back and forth on whether I was in an abusive relationship as a teenager (with another teenager), or whether I'm being dramatic. Sure, it ticked off a bunch of the boxes on abusive behaviors lists. But at the same time I had everything going for me. A supportive, middle class family (who still know nothing about this), the luxury of being "kids" without any opportunity for financial entanglement or marriage, lots of scholarships to go to college. Largely my life went unaffected after I ended that relationship (which lasted 2+ years, the majority of high school). I went on to have several normal relationships and complete school, whatever, life is alright now as an adult. I've told no one about this experience. Not my family. Not even therapists (I've struggled with anxiety/depression since puberty, before this relationship, and I periodically went to therapy for it).This week, I got triggered big time. This hasn't happened to me before, and it's another long story how it happened. But the problem here is, all of these memories of abusive experiences from this relationship are suddenly there. In the front of my mind. I can't stop thinking about them. I can't concentrate. All of this happened 10 years ago, but suddenly it feels like it happened last week. I feel awful. Worse than I've felt after hard breakups. I'd compare it to when my dog died. I'm going to work and life and if I have things to do it's generally okay, even though I am hazy and distracted, but once I have any time to myself my mind is filled with these traumatizing memories. I hadn't forgotten them or blocked them, but I just haven't thought about them in years.I guess what I'm asking, or desperately need to know is, will this eventually fade like it did before? I feel overwhelmed, not like myself, not enjoying things like food and music, wanting to spend all day sleeping and avoiding everything, feeling like the world is filled with molasses... I know from experience it's not depression until it's lasted at least two months and it's only been a few days. But even if it does fade, do I have to be worried about this happening again? I don't know if I could deal with that. It hurts so much. Does anyone else get triggered and have the effects last for days?
I feel stupid asking this - What do people do when they genuinely don't remember what happened to them?  I know something happened between me and my neighbor best friend's older brother.  I have no idea WHAT.  Like... I couldn't tell you if it was sexual or if he locked me in a closet for too long... I just know that something he did was ridiculously traumatizing.  Whatever it was, I conveyed to my parents that I didnt want to go over there ever there again right after it happened.  They maintained that they didnt pressure or ask me to tell them and they still dont know.  They've said that I was generally resistant to most forms of childhood therapy.  I can kind of believe them - I know I was sent to a play doctor as a child and I remember being very focused on only conveying playing.  When my parents got divorced and they asked me to see someone - i refused to speak.I guess my question is - is there anything to do?  Is there anything I need to do?  Does my past matter if I don't remember it?  I dont think my parents are lying to me but it does nag on me..
*As a precursor, I've been posting this to /r/texas and /r/houston - nothing in the TX subreddit and nothing but disbelief in /r/houston.  I've posted this in some other subs, just trying to get a bit wiser.*  She got off medicare or medicaid or what the name is - I'm far away in a comfortable country in Europe.I met this girl on the internet and her whole situation is fucked. From a story of sexual abuse, emotional abuse, neglect and a range of other things, she's not in the best place. She turned 19 and her med insurance doesn't cover her anymore, so she's currently running out of medicine - antidepressants, antipsychotics and probably other.I've heard about the bureaucratic system of benefits and insurance and all that and it all sounds messed up, inefficient and slow. She's fond of ignoring uncomfortable things but have tried things, as far as I know - filled out online forms (with a lot of required paperwork from different institutions - psychiatry, personal stuff and all that)Some of it relies on phone calls (which are scary, something I can relate to from my own fucked up past), other things take a ton of time.I've looked up things, from psych charities to homeless shelters. A lot of them seems to be for LGBT youth. It's difficult to get an overview and general insight as I'm very, very far away and because I'm of a different system.**So** I was wondering if there are any resources you know of - grants, people to help her through the system, alternative medical insurance, anything regarding housing and anything regarding mental medicine.She's got some past suicide attempts and her whole family is utterly fucked. Delusional mother, hoarder grandparents, unhealthy siblings, drug addict cousins, abusive and (thankfully) absent father. **I know there might be some skepticism*** regarding if she's trustworthy or not and all that, but there's nothing to lose here. She doesn't want my help that much and she doesn't know I'm writing this. How do I find out what there is of any kind of social welfare benefit charity stuff in Texas? She's located in **Houston**.^\(* ^Yes, ^I'm ^aware ^it ^might ^be ^a ^scam ^and ^yes, ^I ^do ^trust ^her. ^I ^know, ^but ^please ^just ^humour ^me ^here. ^I ^just ^want ^some ^information.)
Background: I'm a grown woman who was quite severly physically and emotionally abused from the age of 2-4 as a scapegoat child - mostly by my mother who flew into almost psycotic rages but also by my alcoholic father. I have been in no contact with my mother since last summer, when I started therapy. My younger sister and my mother are very close and my sister have lately taken to contacting my son who just recently became a legal adult and inviting him to functions were I am not welcome. I feel this is very manipulative and that it's not healthy for him to be dragged into the family drama. I also feel that expressing my concern to my young son will only make things more weird (I have tried a bit, but It's hard and heartbreaking too.) What would you do?
Throwaway account because even though I doubt he'd be able to, the idea of my abuser finding this account and linking it to me is too scary to ignore. I'm 20 F.My abuser is my father. I've been emotionally abused since I was old enough to form my own opinions and not blindly follow what he says. He's, as of the past few years, showing signs of being a paranoid schizophrenic, and I know for a fact he has anger management issues. I also strongly suspect he has Narcissistic Personality Disorder. These are all guesses, since he says he would 'rather die' than go see a psychiatrist. We tried getting him taken for psychological evaluation, but the judge told us that we needed to try to get him to go himself, because they'd have to take him several hours down state, and that we needed evidence of his behavior from some time within the previous 24 hours of coming to see him. So getting him taken care of is a long process that we're struggling to work out. Recently, as of the past 8-12 weeks, interactions with him have become a lot more difficult. Surprisingly enough this isn't due to something he's directly doing. Whenever there's any physical contact (hugs/arm squeeze/whatever), when he's talking to or around me, or even when he's standing in the same room as me and won't leave, I start to get really angry. Whether he's happy or not. I never act on it because I know that would only make things worse, but it's like an actual rage, boiling in my stomach. I get extremely upset and I just want to get away from wherever he is without him seeing me or being around me. It's gotten to the point that anything he does, how he walks, how he stands, pronounces things, the way he chews, drives me absolutely nucking futs and I want to rip my hair out and/or get the hell out of dodge.I should probably mention I have depression (which is successfully being treated with medication and is very livable) but my anxiety is at an all time high, and currently untreated since I'm still trying to apply for disability (for multiple health reasons) and can't afford even regular doctor visits til then. My anxiety, around the time of the anger starting, has gotten worse as well. I started grinding my teeth in my sleep as well as scratching myself in my sleep. I know those are connected, but I'm not sure if the anger is just a new symptom to having to live around him, or if it's just connected to my anxiety. I have a few health conditions, one being stress induced stomach/intestinal ulcers, that I know have worsened around when the anger started. So no matter what's causing it, I know it's making my other conditions worse. If I could, I would move out, but my health prevents that, as well as getting a regular job.I guess my real question at the end of this whole long ramble is wondering if it's normal to suddenly have this sort of anger towards him. I'm in no way an angry person, I avoid conflict as much as humanly possible, even to my own detriment. I've never had this sort of emotion towards anyone else. I know I do have side effects from the abuse. One of my names is a virtue name, so it's often used in normal speech, and my heart starts racing and I feel extremely nauseous whenever I hear it. Slamming doors and loud masculine voices make like... pictures? For lack of a better word of previous instances of his anger appear in my head, spikes my anxiety up to borderline panic attack level, and it's like nothing else happens in that period of time. I've started having dissociation issues, where when my anxiety is too high, it's like a switch that separates myself from my emotional state and makes me feel like nothing is real, which I could really do without. My anxiety has gotten so bad that my memory has gotten worse from it, and I lose entire spans of time during breakdowns like they never happened, which makes me doubt the things I DO remember. So I know that abuse can cause symptoms. I'm just so unfamiliar with this kind of intense anger, and honestly I hate it. It feels so out of place inside me and I guess I just want to know that I'm not the only one who's had this sort of thing happen. Because I don't want to become that sort of angry person. I'd feel so much better if this was just some sort of insanely intense fight or flight reaction.Some of you may suggest me going to a psychiatrist and trust me, I'm definitely going to. We just have to get disability worked out first, because they want $380 a visit near me, and that's not even a dream of a possibility in our current state. I promise I'm trying to take care of myself!Thanks in advance for everyone's responses and I'm sorry this is so long. I'd love to hear stories or instances if anyone shares this sort of problem and feels comfortable telling me. It'd make this whole situation feel more real. Sorry if I did anything wrong in this post, let me know and I'll fix it. I'm pretty new to this and kind of nervous about opening up. Thanks guys.
Does anyone have advice on how to find a good therapist? I've tried searching online, but don't know how to tell who would be good. I don't have any close friends who I can ask for advice or recommendations.I don't know anyone here has a recommendation for therapists in the SF bay area, but if you do, please let me know. I'm mostly looking for a therapist who has experience with older patients (~50yo), non-violent domestic abuse, and divorce. This would be for a family member of mine. Finding a therapist for myself, too, would be a plus, though. I'd be looking for someone who has experience with non-traditional relationships/orientation/gender, emotional abuse, and feelings of being an outcast. Thanks for any help or advice. I apologize if this sort of post doesn't really belong here. If so, please let me know if there's somewhere else I should be posting instead. Thanks again
My story is long, but I feel I should tell it. I'll start by saying that I have used reason and repression to deal with my issues, but really it's one of those "shaking up the soda pop" scenarios, especially since anger issues run in my family and I have struggled with the fact that my emotions do not express themselves in the natural matter (crying/yelling) until things are pushed too too far. I was an accident that a sixteen year old girl with Italian immigrant parents made after coming to America to find work. The sad thing is, they ended up worse off here than they would have if they stayed in their country of origin. My grandfather worked construction, but endured an injury that ended his career early in his stay here and without any English he couldn't find decent work, he became a baker and my grandmother a sweat shop worker. So, they were poor and they were scared of the modern world that my mother embraced and she rebelled. So, at sixteen, she gets knocked up by a 19 year old Spanish kid from Jersey. She somehow gets the strength to tell her parents, and in an inappropriate manner, she tells me they took her to an abortion clinic and that I was a signature away from not existing. I know my mother and I believe it wasn't about the life within her entirely, it was about instant adulthood and independence, it was about freedom from her parents.Based on circumstances, the way he treated me and the stories I've heard between my mother and grandmother, my father blames my existence for his failures and unhappiness, to him I was a mistake. He made sure I knew, especially after he forcefully impregnated my mother with my sister to make her stay when he figured out she was about to leave him. It was obvious which of us he preferred. He taught her to mistreat me by example too.I was born two months premature and with a heart murmur that the hospital missed. I was sickly and fragile from there, but I don't believe it was from the repaired murmur. Throughout my younger years, wherever my mother fed me as an infant, I'd be guaranteed to throw up. I remember throughout elementary school I'd wake in the night and just instantly throw up in bed. Thinking on it now, it had to be stress. We were poor, food was not in abundance for over eating. There were the actual beatings I remember from my father for anything at all, he was easily triggered and frustrated due to being too proud to work for anyone, he took that out on me though I was always the quiet child and my sister was loud and destructive... Then there are the things family has told me i didn't need to know, him neglecting the fever of a baby, the fact my family could not attend my baptismal dinner because he bit my arm so hard it bruised (still a baby at this point) and the fact he threw me across a room and my mother luckily caught me before I hit the floor.The only way I survived my everyday suffering was to escape into an elaborate fantasy world and mostly live in my own mind. I was mostly gone, barely spoke and was bullied horribly in school for it. Apparently in Kindergarten I actually resembled a normal playful child, but I just disappeared into myself and became incredibly awkward. So, i dealt with the loneliness and bullying at school (which at times got physical despite me being a girl) and the whole world of hell I dealt with at home with my father and sister (who was a lot stronger than me) while my mother was the responsible one trying to get a college degree to get out lives on track. When I was ten, my mother divorced my father for a different man. I remember the meeting with the school counselor vaguely, my sister was there, which may have been unwise (since she didn't have a problem with our father at the time), but I said I knew this situation was for the best. Thing is, I was free, happy, relieved. That was until my mother had to intervene... After nearly six months to a year of his absence (excluding the first time we met our mother's new bf and my dad happened to be at the same movie theater and proceeded to try to pick a fight and chase us down in a car) my mother called him out. Basically, his dad had abandoned him and his family and started a new one. My father has his name and then his father had a new son and gave him the same damned name. So, my mother hit his sore spot to convince him to see us. The abused stopped, but our visits consisted of me and my sister cleaning his house and building furniture with him. He would yell at us for doing it all wrong, but I was 11 and my sister 9, so on reflection WTF. As a result of everything, my mother chose the man she did not for love, but for reliability and acceptance of her children. The problem was he was only interested in a trophy wife and an instant family to present to his father, since he didn't want children of his own. Their relationship wasn't good from the beginning, apparently my mother was about to walk down the aisle when she turned to her mother and expressed her regret. My grandmother told her it's too late now. And they both were crying and they walked together. My mother supported this man and his endeavor to start his own business. He neglected her and treated her poorly. I didn't know. Mostly because I'd  hide away in my room and because my sister was furious when we moved from our home town to the suburbs (not too far) and continuously screamed yelled fought... They both took their anger out on me. My mother verbally belittled me constantly, she wore fake nails and would dig them into my skin till it broke. My sister would burst into my room when I was silent and yell at me to be quiet, she one time threw her body against the door so hard it came of the hinges and she twisted my arm so far back that I started to black out. On top of everything, even though I was older, I was easier to control and I barely had any freedom, which was difficult because in high school I finally had friends. I proceeded to find out my sister had so much freedom that she lost her virginity at 15 to a 30 year old man and was addicted to pot, withdrawal from which made her rage worse. On top of all that, the child support money my mother got went to vacations for her and her new husband to distract from their failing marriage. When I asked for anything, allowance, money for clothing, anything from my sweet sixteen, "it's going to your college"... I'm paying off all the loan debt myself. Where as my sister would blow up the house unless she got what she wanted. It was an obvious contrast when we went to the same school. By the time I got to college, I'd already tried in my own way to forgive my father his transgressions. My 2nd semester I had a schedule that was 7am-7pm and the commute was hard on me. My father lives close to the school, so I started to stay with him. Actually, I was going through a rly dark time and me and my sister were staying with him when my mom and her husband were on another vacation and I just didn't go back. He expected me to clean up after him and apparently issued a list of complaints to my mother, only after he had a friend over and bragged about how he had "disciplined his children" and I actually had the balls to say "it makes you a big man to hit little girls?" He raised his hand to strike me, but couldn't with his friend there and just told me to leave the room. While this was happening my mother couldn't handle my sister any more and finally gave her what she always wanted. She made her move in with our dad and took me back (which fucked me over the rest of the semester). When he took her in, it was October, both our birthdays are in that month. He moved her into a bigger room than I was in that was his office and gave her a credit card and said "here's a thousand dollars, get what you need to be comfortable." My father did this in front of me and never bought me any gift for birthdays or Christmas growing up. He fucking refused to get me a goddamn light bulb for a LightBright my godmother got me as a kid. None of this made me change my mind about forgiving him, until he tried to sleep with my best friend from high school. My sister had been fine with him all these years until he recently successfully slept with one of her much younger friends. Even after he attempted that, I eventually tried to mend things with him several years later, but he took advantage of my kindness again and I stopped trying. For a long while he lived with my sister, but was constantly at odds with her due to their immense similarities. They eventually got into a fist fight where she ended up with a black eye and he had a busted hand and few bruises. She was still young, but my mom and him pooled their resources and got her a place for her to live on her own. He continued to help her with anything she needed, while forgetting I existed. Till it got to a point where she was kicked out of several places and was living in a room in a family friend's place and she told the woman there she was planning on moving out and the elderly lady replied that it works out bc she needs a place for her grandchild to live who was starting college, my sister flipped and accused her of kicking her out and reported her to the police (the room was rented illegally) but then my sister proceeded to try to physically attack the old woman.My father and his other family friends saw this all happening and basically said "this child had mental issues... What about your other daughter, do you ever help her."After all this happened, he called me and told me all that. It should have meant something, that he kind of almost admitted he was wrong, but it was far from enough and it was terribly too late. I barley ever see him, he almost never calls me. I usually do the obligatory holiday calls and birthday calls, but it gets harder and harder. He denies he did anything wrong raising me, but I've never talked to him about it and really I will never be able to. I'm getting married in two weeks and I was very conflicted about it, but I invited him and his family. It was out of a feeling of obligation, but also fear, that he has my address and he has my number and he has nothing to lose. Even though he runs a business with his friend (he can't work for anyone but himself), he has piles of credit card debt, lives in a room at his friend's parents home, but still continues to buy classic car parts and storage spaces in FL for them. He recently called me after months of knowing I was getting married and no contact to catch up and proceeded to tell me he bought himself an impala as a birthday present and that he was going on vacation to Florida soon. Then awkwardly realizing he was an asshole, he less than half heartily offered to maybe pay for a honeymoon where he had friends we could stay with. I gently refused, basically saying I didn't expect anything. Because, at this point, I don't want it and I'd never want to owe him anything. The only thing he has ever given me is pain, anxiety and these dark memories that randomly pop to the surface. I am walking down the aisle alone and I am only dancing with my future husband.  Though, I am afraid, even though he knows he doesn't deserve it, that maybe he'll try. That he'll be embarrassed that his one daughter will refuse to dance with him on her wedding day and the other will refuse to speak to him. I've pushed everything down for so long. I've been so scared to go to a therapist because I'm afraid that once someone starts messing with the pieces I'll fall apart and it's been so hard to get to where I am, to maintain stability, to not be constantly scared I'll lose my job not because I'm not a good employee, but because I'm intimidated by authority figures and can't play office politics. To not be terrified about what my fiancé's family and friends think of me though we've been together ten years. To be constantly fighting the subconscious thoughts embedded in me that make me feel worthless, even though I know I'm a good person. I'm scared I'll pop and I'm scared that maybe it'll be my wedding day. 
My now-ex got arrested last night.  He freaked out over me rescheduling something, and started rampaging.  Eventually he was hitting me with one hand while threatening my life and brandishing a kitchen knife with the other(classic psycho-style).  I tried to block one hit, but accidentally grazed his cheek.   He punched me in the face, then punched with a thrusting-stabbing motion with the other(such that the handle was facing me).  He says he dropped the knife before doing it, but I dunno; either way those 3 seconds of thinking that I just got shanked got me screaming.   He broke down in tears, begging for it to stop, to not let them take him away, etc.  A neighbor called the cops, and he was arrested.   He's being charged with 4 different crimes, 3 misdemeanors and a felony.   This is where I'm a little torn.   On one hand, it is incredibly validating to see him get charged for crimes he has committed(it happens far too infrequently for abusers) and it makes me feel safer; not to mention some admitted schadenfreude at it.   On the other, I do still care about him even if I'm done.  And I do think he's a good person deep down, and that he doesn't need to have his life ruined by this.   I just...don't know how to feel about it, y'know?   I wanted safety, and validation, and to feel like justice is done, but I also don't want to see him hurt anymore than he already is.   Can anyone else relate?
Just got back from therapy.  It was rough.  Not sure how but it got on to why I stayed in the relationship so long even after realizing it was abusive.  Trying to process why I kept hoping in the love I felt, Why I continued to believe her promises to get help and stop being abusive, why I can't bring myself to be angry with at how she treated me and still feel like its my fault.  Why I just can't get to a place where thoughts about what happened don't intrude on my day.  What do I do when the breathing exercises and visualizations don't work?Any suggestions?  Thanks.
I don't even know if what I've experienced counts as abuse. It's a word with a subjective meaning, but when I see what other people have been through, hell what my ex has been through, it just doesn't even feel worth mentioning. I hate that I have to preface my experience like that, because whilst I hate to admit it, the truth is that I do think it was some kind of abuse, and I do think that I've been treated unfairly. I feel sick with guilt even just typing that.So here's the story I guess.At the start of university I moved into halls, living with 3 people who were to become my best friends and a further 5 who barely left their rooms. Me, Dan, Emma and Charlie got a long really well, we were all pretty depressed so our flat quickly became a place for support and escapism, helping eachother through the ups and downs of life. I particularly got along with Charlie and there was some kind of sexual/romantic tension between us almost immediately. In just the second month of us being at uni Charlie was brutally raped by some fucking horrible men, and that experience really broke her. She would barely eat and barely sleep, it was seriously worrying to watch and we all felt so out of our depths. Still we muddled through the year, and at some point towards the end I started a relationship with Charlie, turns out we both secretly liked eachother for most the year.The beginning of our relationship threw some issues at us. I'm transgender and have a lot of difficulty trusting people with my body, it took maybe 4 months of us seeing eachother to have sex, and this time involved a lot of arguments about it. I was terrified and didn't want to put myself in a position where I was having sex with her when I really didn't want to be. However Charlie obviously had her own issues surrounding sex and my abstaining was making her feel self conscious and frustrated. Before we ever had sex we broke up for a couple of weeks because of our sex issues. Charlie insists I broke up with her because I was the one who said the words "Do you think we should just not do this then?", though I only said that because there was nothing else to say. She wanted commitment from me but I couldn't promise her I'd have sex with her when every time I'd tried I'd failed. We decided to get back together and eventually did have sex, but I think we could've saved a lot of heartache if we didn't. In second year we moved into a house with Dan and Emma and 2 other friends. Me and Charlie spent a lot of time together, she was who I turned to about everything, I was always trying to make her more happy or make her life easier in some way. We were seen as very close by other people and it was obvious there was a codepency issue going on. Throughout the year things were very hard, Charlie had PTSD and was now suffering from ME, and I was very depressed and suffering from chronic migraines. Charlie was beginning to express a lot more suicidal thoughts and her problems with self harm and eating were getting very serious. One week occurred where I had to take her to a&e two nights in a row following episodes of psychosis and strong suicidal thoughts/attempts. Eventually the doctors took us somewhat seriously and referred her to the home treatment team. They declared me Charlie's 'carer' and I became very involved in making sure she was eating and going to appointments. My life was no longer about me in any way shape or form, I spent all my time talking her down from some kind of problem, or making her food or staying with her so she wasn't alone. I saw my friends outside the house significantly less and she would become angry if I went out, or stayed at uni too long, or wanted to spend time alone. I know she's not well, I know she felt like she needed me, but no matter how much I sacrificed it was never enough. It was never enough because I was not causing her hurt, it was not my fault she was hurting, yet the blame was always on something I'd done. I was constantly making it up to her for little things I'd said or done or not done that would be absolutely nothing to anyone else. But she wasn't anyone else, and neither was I. I got so used to expecting perfection from myself and expecting anger from her that I learned to make excuses for her and to punish myself. I would never have time or space for expressing my emotions because I was dealing with hers. She never seemed to care at all about what I was experiencing or how her words/actions effected me. The relationship felt so one sided but that was always blamed on her illness, I'd say she didn't have room in her head for me. Now maybe that's true, maybe she didn't have room in her head for me, but what it took me a lot longer to realise is that she would lash out and shout at me and criticise me every single day. As soon as we were alone she would call me a careless nob and say I was selfish etc. This one hits hard because my brother used to call me selfish to get me to do things when we were children, and it always worked. She would emotionally withdraw to punish me if she didn't think I was open enough or if I didn't take her problems seriously enough, and always turn conversation straight to suicide if something wasn't the way she wanted it to be. Now maybe 3 months after the referral to the home treatment team, I got with a friend and he slept in my bed. Our relationship had always been open, Charlie had slept with other people and I had initially been dating another person at the beginning of our relationship. It was expected that we would be allowed to persue other romantic/sexual avenues in this relationship (if this idea is weird/new to you it's called polyamory, Google it). Charlie, though initially fine with this, became very angry about it once she realised I had romantic feelings for this guy. She demanded monogamy from me and wouldnt allow any room for discussion, jumping straight to talk of suicide as soon as I said I thought she should at least let me go on a date with him and see how she feels about that. During that first argument I'd suddenly seen our relationship from another perspective and felt like I was being manipulated. I did agree to monogamy, though then Charlie decided that she wanted us to be polyamorous again and so I started seeing the guy properly. She made me feel bad about everything I did with him or if I even mentioned him. Even more so than before I was told I was not spending enough time with Charlie, despite my entire life revolving around her. She got more angry, exploding at me on a daily basis for anything she could think of. I was living a life where I was fucking terrified, and felt majorly guilty about not being good enough for Charlie whilst she was in such a vulnerable place. I was failing my degree and felt so far away from everything/everyone that wasnt Charlie. I felt I couldn't talk to Emma about any of this because she was a really large part of Charlie's support, but eventually I mentioned to Dan that I thought she was lashing out at me too much. He replied insisting that we seemed quite happy together and not really believing there were issues. At this moment I realised that a large amount of what was going on only happened behind closed doors. I then realised too that Charlie only lashed out like this at me, surely this must mean she has some level of control? I started to pay more attention to her behaviour and realised she was lying to my friends about me, lying to me about things that had happened, accusing me of things I hadn't done and changing relationship agreements so that I had broken them and at times directly threatening to hurt herself. I wanted this to end but she never took any notice of what I said. Eventually she broke up with me, I knew it wouldn't last which just made me annoyed for feeling upset that we'd broken up. I do have a pretty bad problem with drugs and alcohol and following that break up I spent a lot of time destroying my body and mind with substances. Charlie never seemed concerned by that, she'd be angry at me when I got stoned, even near the beginning of our relationship, but she didn't feel any kind of concern or responsibility to look out for me. Our relationship was totally one sided.  I started screen shotting abusive texts and showing Dan, I told him about things when they happened and took refuge with him when I didn't know what to do. Eventually Charlie told me she wanted to get back with me, but only if I stopped seeing the new guy. After days of thinking and agonising the decision, I realised that, as much as I wasn't serious about the new relationship, I couldn't stay with Charlie, this relationship was destroying us both.So after a couple of weeks of her absolutely hating me, we now live mostly civilly together. I fucking hate living with her even though I have to put up with so much less now. She still tries it on, but no matter the situation I will leave if I feel like I'm being abused. I'm so scared that she's gonna explode still, I just don't feel safe around her and know she could get in my head whenever she wants. She thinks I'm horrible because I've called her abusive, but she pressured me into saying it to her anyways. Nothing she says can take away all the conversations I remember where I would say basically nothing and just act as a verbal punch bag. She can deny that she ever hurt me and call me weak, but there was definitely something uncool about her behaviour, and as long as I know that I'll be fine.If anyone reads this whole thing let me know, it'd be nice to know I'm heard.
Awfully specific, but I feel like this is kind of different than a lot of abuse for certain reasons. If I threw a tantrum or my dad thought I would he would try and hold me down to prevent anything, a bad parenting choice according to some, sure, but it only got really bad because his method of restraining amounted to kneeling on my chest and holding my mouth shut. This went on a lot for years and instilled a lifelong hatred and fear of him.So I think part of it is that it's unrelatable to a lot of other abuse to me. I'm not even sure a third party would look at it and see it as abusive, but if they were me crying and struggling to breath I'm sure they would. There were no physical bruises, and it was always phrased as being to stop me from breaking things so I thought it was fine for ages, though there are much easier ways to stop a 6 to 10 year old kid from being destructive and covering my mouth had no purpose. There's also just how it instills more fear than physical pain (or at least it's a different kind of pain), like it didn't "hurt" but I was more afraid that I'd die. It's weird though, I don't empathize quite as well with physical abuse victims since there was no sharp pain that's often associated with it (and my parents would tell me how lucky to not be beaten I was, so maybe that's still making me feel weird), it almost feels more like how people describe sexual abuse since being pinned down and suffocated feels rather violating, but obviously it's different so that doesn't fit either.I'm wondering if anyone else has been suffocated by someone, or just suffocated in general and can relate. It's just an odd sensation and one that isn't very covered as being a form of abuse. It's a longshot, but I'm curious to at least know that maybe someone has experienced something similar to know that it was as bad as I remember.
Hi, I'm 19 and a boy (in case that matters) and tomorrow I'm seeing my therapist, who I've been seeing for 4 years.I have never told him anything related to sex, intimacy or even crushes. I think I may have been sexually abused as a kid, I don't remember it but there are things about me and my life that could indicate that (according to google)I'm not asexual, I have sexual feelings and all but I whenever I do anything sexual (even if it's by myself) it's very hard for me to enjoy it, it's like my mind drifts away and I can't focus or enjoy much of what I'm doing. And I can't do anything sexual without first imagining that I'm in a safe room, doors locked and far away from the world.Another thing is the fact that as a kid (8 years old or so) kept asking my friends innapropriate questions as a game, like "would you rather do (sexual thing) to (celebrity's name)'s (genitals/breasts) or do (other sexual thing) to (other celebrity's name)'s (genitals/breasts)? They had to hold an intervention for me to stop.As a kid, again about 8 years old, I used to fantasize about sexually hurting other boys (imaginary ones, and I've never hurt anyone).Since I was 15 and realized how many adults on the internet like kids, I've been "adicted" to chatting with them and all because for some reason I crave that type of attention and can't spend more than a couple of months without doing that. I know it's messed up but I can't help it, and it still works because I look 12.That's all I can remember on the top of my mind but I really want to tell my therapist about that because now I know it will not go away unless I deal with it, and I can't do it on my own. My question is, how the hell do I tell him all that?Thanks in advance!(Ive never said any of that outloud before)
I felt lucky  Lucky that he didn’t beat me  Lucky that he said he loved me  Lucky for the happy times and the car we drove and the cheers and the laughs and the stoned smiles  Lucky that it wasn’t that bad  Wasn’t that good but wasn’t that bad  I blamed myself for the bad days   He blamed me for the bad days  I blamed myself for not being myself  He blamed me for being myself  But it wasn’t bloody lips or bruises  It wasn’t falling down the stairs and screams and cops at the door at two in the morning  It wasn’t locking myself in the bathroom, afraid for my life  It wasn’t watching my mom get hit  So I counted myself lucky  Lucky that he called me names  Lucky that he put me down   Lucky that everything was all my fault  I blamed myself  What a lucky girl  
He guys. I know I post here a lot, but this is just where I'm most comfortable sharing things, and I figured I'd start a bit of a friendly thread. So ever since I left my abusive relationship, I've noticed that I tend to surround myself with plants and animals. I work at a doggy daycare, and collect succulents, which is really a recent development. I have the black thumb of death, so I usually avoid plants, but something about them just makes me happy? Have any of you noticed anything like that? Like a joy that comes from being surrounded by non human life? I might just be reading too deep, but I thought I'd ask
Ashley many of you know, I come from a history of covert sexual abuse that started around when I was 15. The sex didn't occur until I was 17, but as one of my friends put it, my abuser "pestered for pussy" for as long as she can remember. I finally got out of that relationship and moved to another state with a guy I really like. He's great and understanding, but the story isn't about him. I've been finding the isolation of being in another state to be getting depressing, and have been trying to make friends. I came close with this dude from my first job. He was an eccentric artist type. Very nice, but definitely a bit weird. We stopped talking, but I got back in touch with him, cuz he wanted to trade and give me a tattoo, if I was willing to sit still and do a few hours of character posing for a comic he's writing? Idk really. He promised nothing nude and a free tattoo, so I felt pretty good with it. Jump forward a bit. This fucker keeps having me come over to his house, just to be mysteriously missing things needed for the tattoo. Three times and I'm getting irked, cuz I feel like he's playing me. We agree that we can start on the drawing thing, and at this point I suspect I'm not getting my tattoo, but whatever. I'm already across town, so might as well give him what he wants, so it will end. Bad deals like that happen all the time, but then it starts getting weird. Him and his wife are in an open relationship which is all fine and dandy, until I hear her whisper "take pictures" to him as she heads to bed early. He's pretty open about that and how she has a small crush on me, but nothing will happen. All of my red flags should be popping up right now, but I'm a bit too submissive for my own good, so I shake it off. Somehow he ends up showing me a bunch of bondage equipment he designed and porn he and his wife have filmed, and telling me what he thinks my BDSM profile traits are (ie. "I think youd be a brat and a bit of an exhibitionist. Funny enough I'm the direct opposite)and I don't really know what to do. I came by bus and the busses are no longer running, so I kinda have to bear through until I can get a ride. Finally we get past that weird point and he does his drawing. They start off innocent enough, and I relax a bit. He even gets a text about the missing tattoo piece his brother had borrowed, so maybe this isn't as botched as I thought if not a little odd. But then he proceeds to pull my shorts to the side and start drawing straight up O'Keeffe vagina pictures. My body has physically shut down and I can't muster anything to tell him thats too much, and the fucker starts getting handsy. Even licking his fingers and sticking them inside. I couldn't really muster up a no at that point, and he backs up trying to calm an erection, because it's 'unprofessional'. It's just weird cuz I don't think he really knew it was not okay. He thought he was just being an artist, and I just kind of accepted it, cuz I never know how to deal with these situations. He took me home and we were silent, and I sent him a text later letting him know, I would not be doing that again. It just sucks, cuz I honestly think he thought I was willing, because I've learned that saying no outright can be dangerous. I just wish I could make my body respond in these moments. I honestly think if I said no, he would have stopped, but for some reason my mind just had no control of my actions, and I just laid there limp and took it. He seemed like a cool person, but evidently my people reading skills leave a lot to be desired. I dunno where I'm trying to go with this. I just wanted to vent it out. It was a really bizarre situation, and it just kinda knocked me back two square one on getting out. I'm no longer pursuing my tattoo and just blowing him off now.
At work today, I overheard a conversation and it knocked my breathe right out of me: "You're not a perfect little angel either", which is EXACTLY what my abuser used to constantly say when I cried or winced in pain after her out lash. I rarely talk about my past or my abuser; I've found no one really cares and I'd rather not be pitied and looked at differently. But I need to get this off my chest, partly so I don't bury it down again but mostly because I need to accept it was real. When I heard those words today I experienced the most vivid flashback:I was 11, I remember it was a few months after my father died. My mother had to pick up a lot of hours after he passed away; one night after work I kept following her around the house and asking questions. We were in the laundry room, which was relatively small, and right outside the laundry room was the back door. I was asking her a question about something, she got annoyed, and like any other 11-year-old I got sassy. That's when she looked up at me and grabbed my neck and started to choke me. I don't remember moving from the laundry room but somehow I end up against the backdoor. I remember looking into her eyes and seeing them glaze over with anger, which is something I was use to, but it was different this time-- there was hate there too. As I stared into her eyes I could feel her fingers tighten around my throat and began to panic as I couldn't breathe. In attempt to escape I scratched her and began to flail, in my attempt I ended up bashing my head on the window really hard and that's when everything went black. I woke up a few minutes later laying on the ground where she left me; as I laid there in a daze I remember praying that I was dead and it was over. I can't recall much after just lying there but I know I didn't attend school for the next week-or-so because of the bruises around my throat. I don't want anything out of this besides being able to vent.
Hey y'all. Sorry for the melodramatic title! There isn't really a better way to ask. I've been a total mess since I figured out that I was abused, and it just seems to get worse and worse, no matter how long I hold on for. It's been two years now, and I'm just a big mess. My partner's completely worn out, and I am kind of terrible, all the time, and am feeling a bit hopeless. Just give me some realistic expectations here. I know this is going to affect me for the rest of my life, so please don't tell me that it will all get better and life will be great. I just want to know if I'm ever going to have feelings like a normal person, and care about things like a normal person, and not feel like I'm stuck in a big glass box all the time. Did it happen for you? 
I have long been confused as to whether or not some events in my childhood "count" as abuse or not.Where do I go to ask?  Is there a Grand Arbiter of Abusive-Enough-ness?
A friend of mine went through some serious abuse from her boyfriend a few years back and is now just coming to realize how deep the scars go. While not a survivor myself, I have been trying to find ways to understand the pain she is in and to help her heal in anyway possible (I suggested turning to Reddit for advice). Does anyone know of any survivor support groups in the Orange County area that we might be able to attend? I think speaking with other survivors and listening to their stories and the struggles they have might help her realize that she is nowhere near alone. Any help is always appreciated, thanks
‘I want to be rich’ she said.‘Rich in travels, rich in ideas, rich in pollen and flowers, trees and earth. Surrounded by the seven wonders of the ancient world, smothered with love, acceptance and caress from Mother Earth.’Lost, cold, deteriorated… ‘You want to be rich? Grab a shovel and a rope and pull this black oil from my soul.’I tried to plant my feet, be one with trees. But they laughed and said my thoughts were too loud. Would they turn my tears into rivers? Turn my screams into thunder? If I cry, will they understand?My hands damp and my wrists sore, my heart heavy and my back weak. I smell you in my dreams…  Hear you when its quiet… Taste you when I whisper…‘I want to be rich’ she said.RedPebble6
I am the only woman in a volunteer team that is mostly men. It's an online group and all our interaction is on slakc/gchat/skype etc.I think that the person who started the group and I are in an unhealthy and abusive relationship and I don't know what to do. I would have quit the group if I didn't care so much about the mission.Essentially my concerns are:* He constantly invalidates my feelings and concerns because he says they are not based in reality and I should just try not to feel them. If I say that something he has done has made me feel a certain way, it's never his fault. However, if I make a mistake or say something wrong then my apologizing is good and right (I do always apologize because I beleive that if you hurt someone you rintentions aren't as important as their feelings)* He uses things I have admitted about my insecurities and experiences in the past in current conversations to make me feel like i'm overreacting or being too emotional* He keeps reminding me that he's the boss * He calls himself my friend, and that means telling me to do things, telling me to change my behaviour, telling me to ask myself whether it is probably not my perception of the world that is making me unhappy. He says that being cruel is tough love and he does it for my own good. * He has said he'd take me to bed in a heartbeat, that he thinks I'm attractive. (none of this was unwanted). However, he's always careful to say that I should not fall for him, he has broken lots of hearts, he doesn't want to make promises because that will hurt me more later and he'd rather just disappoint me now (then why still flirt with me???)* He keeps telling me he loves me and depends on me and trusts me. That i'm his best fiend in the group and I am his right hand and other flattering things that made me feel amazing but now make me feel kind of sick.I recently tried to have a final serious conversation with him about my staying on in the organization and us not having a personal relationship any more. He said that he was not going to go through a formal negotiation process with me because we were friends and we should be able to settle this in a friendly way. He said "I'm going to be your friend until you decide". This was after he'd said "I don't ​*want*​ to manipulate you. but you make it impossible for me to run a team without doing so".I don't know what to do. I can quote a few more examples from our last online conversation if anyone PMs me or asks. I am not comfortable sharing a lot because he's on reddit and our group is a subreddit.I've never posted to a place like this so I apologize if this is the wrong way to go about it.
I've been together with my abuser for 5 years now, and just this past weekend, I moved out. We have a daughter together, a daughter that she used to get things out of me and to get me to do things, and I'm worried I won't get to see her often. While I do feel like a world of negativity has been lifted from my shoulders, I'm afraid she'll try to get back with me in a few months, which usually happens... I don't want to talk to her or deal with her ever again, but she's my daughter's mother and I have to talk to her to know how my child is doing. Right now, my ex doesn't know where I live, and I don't want to tell her because she's stalked me and left me messages (which is how I ended up back with her last time... she made me feel bad about not being together so our daughter could have a family). I talked to a lawyer yesterday, and he said I'm better off not getting a lawyer, there's nothing I can do about the abuse and I'll have to give her my address :( my ex refuses to let me take our daughter until I give her my address too. Maybe I'm being stubborn or paranoid...But she's taken advantage of me for years, lied to me and most likely cheated on me. Snes treated me and my family like dirt, used our kid to get money from me (but never paid me back for anything, couldn't even lend a dollar). She's even refused to tell me where she takes our daughter for years.I still feel worthless, and my anxiety is really bad. I just want her to leave me alone and have the chance to actually be a father... I've given up far too much, and I'm not sure what to do...But I survived at least... right? 
Longtime lurker, first time poster. Also obvious throwaway account (no, thankyou anxiety, you are way too kind!)I think I just need to rant. Sorry..So when I was 11, I had a sleepover at one of my friend's houses. She lived with her mother and stepfather who always had that creepy vibe (I knew that way before the sleepover)That night, he ended up naked, next to me, and I woke up to him trying to wriggle his way in. I rolled over and he got startled and left.Went to school the next day and didn't tell anyone, as innocent me didn't really think much about it.Didn't tell parents what was going on, cause they had just seperated so i thought my mum was going through enough, without me being a drama queen. Have still been friends with my friend for all this time. Her mum and her dodgy stepfather broke up not too long after apparently. We also heard that he moved to another part of Australia.Growing up through my teenage/adulthood years, I've always been anxious (but that's another subreddit), and found it very difficult to have relationships and romance. Thought not much of it. Maybe I was just destined to live alone with 39 cats.Let's fast forward to about a month ago, I went down to the local mall. Walking through, and who do I see? Him. Thankfully he doesn't see me. I ran for the hills, sat in my car and cried for about 45 minutes before having the courage to drive home.And then, it all started. I have averaged about 2-3 hours of broken sleep each night, in the last month. I just can't stop crying at night. It even has gotten to the point of being so frightened, I've wet the bed in fear several times (probably tmi, sorry) I talked to my therapist the other week, and she couldn't really help me because the organisation that I go through is only for "mild" anxiety/depression issues. And I quote "I'm not allowed to talk about this kind of stuff because it's so full on. All I can do is give you the phone number for the local rape centre" (!!!!)Doctor gave me a script for Valium. Doesn't help.Honestly don't know what to do, where to go anymore.
A little back story, this happened when I was 19. I'm now 21. I live in a small town and had moved into town from where I used to live which was near my high school.So almost two years ago my dad (who's homeless) and his then gf invited me to go camping at the closest river with them. Well they had to walk so I messaged a friend (we'll call him Shawn) to see if he could give me a ride the following weekend. He said sure but wanted to see where I lived first so he wouldn't get lost. I was fine with this, since it was summer and my best friend was busy, I wanted someone to hang out with.Well he comes over and wants to play video games. I tell him to pick one out (I had my GameCube hooked up at the time) and he chooses Mario kart double dash. So I put it in and start it up and I chose the easiest mode and race. Well considering it is my game I'm going to win easily.Well after the race, he moves behind me and starts to rub me "down there". I push his hands away repeatedly and tell him to stop. Then he fucking whispers " you should've let me win darkfira. Now I have to punish you". So I immediately try to get away to get the pocket knife my big brother had gotten me for my 18th birthday, but Shawn pulls me back and sticks his hand down my pants (he knew about the knife because I had taken it to school with me after another friend of mine was stalked before school). I start struggling, but being 5'1" and 125 pounds at the time, I was no match for this 5'6" possibily 200 pound guy.Before this, he had been messaging me about sex and bdsm and that kinda sent up red flags, but I just said whatever and ignored it. I now regret this decision very much. I think the worst part is, I fully trusted him to protect while on a choir trip the year before. I won't go into full detail, but he did rape me and I immediately called my best friend after left. I didn't call the cops (like an idiot) because my mother would have blamed me for letting him in the house. I did tell my bf and he felt like shit because he lives in another state and couldn't protect me. Thankfully, as I found out on Wednesday from another friend, Shawn is now on the other side of the country.I still have panic attacks whenever I see someone who looks like him. My friends also make sure to, when I have these moments, get me somewhere calm.
http://www.livingwithdidandptsd.space/2016/04/living-on-edge.html
I've only started trying to come to terms with the sexual abuse I experienced as a child very recently...my way of coping up until now has been that typical thing where you just block everything out and repress all of your feelings. Obviously as I dig deeper and deeper into it, it feels really bad and upsetting and frightening, but I have to feel all those shitty things to process them, I think. My boyfriend is lovely to me and I don't know how I could cope without him, but he's finding this really hard. He's on edge all the time and feels like he has to keep all of his own feelings bottled up because mine are so much worse. Etc. I've made it clear he can talk to me anytime, but short of bottling my own feelings up, I don't know how to make this any easier on him. It's fucking up our relationship a bit and making him sad. What can I do?
Just wondering if anyone here had a family member or members "take the side" of your abuser and not give two shits about how you feel?That's what's been going on with me. I've been doing whatever I can do distance myself from my family, and people in general. Whenever I see them, I feel angry. How do you deal with this?
 So my girlfriend experienced years of abuse from a shitty father who is now dead due to his own years of drug use, namely steroids. She lately got in a little bit of trouble with our university and now has to get drug tests every Monday. The issue here is that she smokes weed daily and it helps her to not have extremely vivid dreams of what her father did to her. Now that she can't smoke for a while, I wanted to find real ways to help her, but she says she doesn't want help and she's not ready. What can I do? I know I don't really understand, and I'm not trying to play therapist, but I'm trying to find her resources like communities, organizations, and individuals who can. But how do I introduce these things to her to sound not intimidating? And what can I introduce to her? 
I went to court this morning against my abuser. This has been ongoing since July 2015. He plead the 5th and the case was dismissed and I was out of court by 11 am. This is the most positive result that could happen, however I feel as though this is "too good to be true" and am not as happy as I thought I would be. Obviously things could have gone worse, and I am glad they did not. He emailed me somehow (I blocked his email address, I guess GMail doesn't care) a few hours ago saying "Are you happy now? I never wanted this." As if I did? Where were you in July? August? October? December? February? Anyway, I'm not sure where I'm going with this post. Despite having the court/legal stuff over with for good it was hard to see my ex in person and hear his voice. It was disturbing despite the positive result. I hope within a couple days I will be more aware of the weight lifted from my shoulders, and his presence will dissipate from my mind. 
For the past 15 years, every time I've had an in-depth eye exam that included high res retina photos, the doctor has noted I had a scar indicating a big bump to the head.  They'd ask if I'd hit my head bad in the last year, and I assumed I had simply because I'm clumsy and my job had lots of stuff to hit my head on.  Looking back and recalling the pictures, it dawned on me recently that there weren't several scars in various degrees of healing - because they never fully heal - there was just one big scar all along that has never healed.  After reading up on amnesia and learning that head trauma is the primary cause, and since I can remember very little of the specifics of my childhood (and my memory in general is quite good) I'm all but positive my mom induced amnesia by hitting me in the head. This is the very same woman who told me my father stopped raping me because I was ugly, so the notion of her hitting me to save herself the shame of me remembering almost seems nice by comparison. I'm curious if I'm alone in this. Thanks and love to all you working to heal. 
Her toilet plugged up in her apartment. Maintenance called a plumber who is coming tomorrow.She felt embarrassed because the toilet had her poop in it. I can understand that. ButShe felt that it was degrading and humiliating for the plumber to have to work a job that deals with  poop. She felt bad for him. So she put on gloves and waded through the shitty toilet water, picked up her poop, which had been in the toilet all day, and put it in a plastic bag. She walked down the hallway with this bag of the poop and threw it down the trash chute.She was kinda laughing, my family was laughing about it on the phone, but I saw it as potentially indicative of a deeper psychological problem. Am I reading too much into it?Perhaps she just isn't as grossed out by poop as others. Okay. But the fact that she felt bad for the plumber and thought he was being degraded (as a result of the circumstances that "forced" him into his job), makes me feel like she has a skewed perspective of... morality? Something like that, I'm not sure. But something about the fact that my sisters waded through her own shit to avoid humiliating the plumber who's job it was to deal with shit felt weird. She was being kind... but it feels like for the wrong, although not malicious at all, reasons. Just wrong. Skewed.These actions don't exist in a vacuum, and similar behavior or attitudes towards others potentially based on a skewed perspective have occurred in the past. What do you guys think?edit: she has, in my opinion, somewhat of a history of totally writing off people who have done negative but relatively benign things. For ex: "I was texting a guy on my floor. We hit it off, but eventually I made it clear I wasn't interested in sex. When we passed eachother in the hallway I tried to say hi but he didn't even look at me. What a douche." I agree, that is very douchey, he is an asshole. But her attitude was like she wrote him off, completely, without holding a shred of sympathy at all for him. Now I'm not seeing be nice, or even like, assholes. But the way she wrote him off wasn't just that he's a douche, but that he's a fundamentally bad person. "How could a person like him exist? ugh" She didn't obsess over what he said by any means. But there's a difference between not liking someone, and going so far as view them as a fundamentally bad. She never said this directly, mind, but from her tone and what she did say this was the impression I got. So I think she maybe is totally judgmental and wholly unsympathetic towards some people, and waaaaay too sympathetic towards others (see above), usually for the wrong reasons. She can wrongly love "bad" people and totally write-off "good" people. I think she's getting better at the last part though.Is that a thing? She is otherwise normal, has OCD and Depression (who doesn't?) but graduated from an Ivy league school and is doing her Masters there currently. Oh and we (my sisters and I, triplets) were all somewhat abused by father growing up. I think this issue is probably related to that. We all have different issues stemming from an abusive/scary father figure, but hers seems more.... detrimental I think.Please tell me what this behavior means (if anything) about her and how she relates to others?
If I didn't make myself clear enough I'm sorry.Background: My aunt who I'll call Sarah married her husband Zach and he had a son, Jack who was the same age as me from a previous marriage. I considered Jack to be my family and I've always looked at him as a cousin.Well Zach's sister had been molested as a kid, I don't know any detail about it and it kinda does and kinda doesn't matter to this story. Well Zach's sister's daughter and the rest of the cousins on that side of the family began touching each other, sexually. It was a group of 6 of them doing this.My cousin, Jack, began touching me sexually when we were both 5 years old. I didn't understand it but I was embarrassed about it and never told anyone. As years went by he began penetrating me. He did this until I was around 10 years old, and I'm pretty sure my aunt caught him touching me and flipped out and made him stop (They found out about that whole group doing it years ago).Having this happen to me has caused me a handful of problems, but I moved passed it and still consider Jack my cousin and I love him. I hold none of that against him because I realize he had it done to him and most likely assumed it was normal (we've never spoken about it, we just pretend it didn't happen).So back to now, Sarah and Zach had three little girls but lost them because they were on drugs. The three girls went to the care of Zach's brother and wife who has three boys 18,16, and 14 (these boys were part of that group who all touched each other). Just a few weeks ago the family found out that the youngest boy had been raping the three girls, for the past three years. The youngest was 4 years old at the start!Someone called cps and now this 14 year old kid is going to be charged (for the best, he feels no remorse). Because of this whole situation I feel like i'm reliving this again. I feel like I'm going through the shame again, the embarrassment. I feel so bad for my cousins, because I have been in their shoes. I want to talk to someone about it and I have my boyfriend but I feel like I can't tell the rest of my family because I am still embarrassed.The oldest girl that this happened to is so ashamed, I know she's only 11 but her and I have a closeness, but I don't know how to bring something up like this to her. So reddit, basically my question is A.) how can I finally move past this part in my life and B.) how can I let my cousins (mainly the oldest, she actually understands what happened) that I have been there and understand what their feeling without mentioning that their older brother is the one who did it to me.TL;DR My younger cousins got raped by their cousin. When I was their age their older brother raped me (my cousin same age as me). I feel like i'm reliving it all over again and want my cousins to know that I understand.
I was abused for many years as a child and I just want to share my story. I am female, 27 years old. Sorry for the wall of text I was born in India, only child to my parents. To everyone who didn't know any better I was the pampered girl who got everything she asked for. My dad was a hardworking guy and I know he absolutely loved me but he had some anger issues.He died when I was 19. My mom is a piece of work.She is extremely religious, sexist and believed that women were worth nothing without a man.She hated if my dad showed any affection towards me and immediately start a fight.Together, the made terrible parents. Both my parents worked and I was baby sat by my grandma,who lived with us.My earliest memory of abuse was at age 3, it might have started earlier but I cannot recall. I was molested by my mom's nephew. She loved him like a son and 'respected' him because he was a male. I was 3 he was maybe 16 at that time. He continued to sexually and physically abuse me until I was 13 and then he stopped. One of the other main abusers was my neighbor, my childhood best friends older brother. He was cruel. Our rooms shared a wall and I would lie awake all night in fear that he could somehow hurt me through the wall. At age 10, my neighbor and maybe 4-5 of his friends gang raped me. My friend watched while it happened, I still remember her eyes. I knew at that moment that she was also being abused.I went home bleeding that day and the next morning when my mom saw the blood she assumed I started my periods. I now realize that she must have known about the abuse all along. I became withdrawn and very shy. I developed anger issues. If a particular abuse incident was too cruel I would block it out and I wouldn’t remember the next few days. I went through my childhood like a robot. My grades dropped (from getting A’s to getting B’s and C’s in math), which angered my parents. Especially my mother who would often beat me. I learnt at age 4 to stop crying. Every evening when my mom got home from work I would cry. I was a child. I didn’t know what was happening to me and I would cry and try to hug my mom. It annoyed her so much that I would ‘bug’ her when she got home from work that she would beat me. I stopped crying. I didn’t cry again until I was 14.She would later joke about me crying and being an annoying child to other family members. The only thing that helped me through my difficult childhood was books. I was a voracious reader. I was well above my reading level and I was reading novels at age 7. Books made me who I am today. I refused to conform to Indian norms of how a woman should be.Even after the physical abuse stopped my parents continued to emotionally abuse me. They thought I was an ungrateful child because I didn’t do very well in school. They hated that I was anti social. My mother hated that I wasn’t the ideal Indian daughter. I wasn’t submissive or religious. She worried that nobody would marry me if I didn’t behave like a ‘good Indian girl’. I was never rebellious, I did’t do anything teens my age were doing. I was quiet and very focused on fixing my life yet I wasn’t good enough. My parents loved to punish me. If I didn’t say hello the way they expected me to their friend I would get yelled at home and grounded for 2 months. I attempted suicide at age 15, when I recovered my parents never spoke of it again. Instead they said I have put them in a situation where they can’t yell at me anymore. That didn’t stop them. My dad died when I was 19. I lived with my mom. Things got worse, one day,after a particularly bad argument I couldn’t take it anymore, I just told her about the abuse. She didn’t seem surprised that her nephew had abused me and said that it was my fault. I was a seductive child. She then faked a heart attack to get me to shut up and never spoke about it again. She continues to very much in touch with her darling nephew. I’m sure my mother has some mental issues of her own. Not that I care about it.I was finally able to afford counseling. I was diagnosed with PTSD, dissociation and depression. I had coped surprising well after all the abuse I had gone through, according to my therapist. I was finally feeling better. I have since moved out and don’t keep in touch with my mother. I still have bad days and feelings to shame and self hatred but they don’t last as long as they used to.  I am a much happier person and today I can say that I wouldn’t change a thing about my life because it made me who I am.
This is going to be a bit of a rant, and the story while not overly detailed, may trigger some. Over the weekend, my S/O got really drunk and very aggressive with me. In order to calm him down I gave him my phone/wallet, it didn't work. Long story short, he ended up hitting me a lot (something he has never done before), and brandished a weapon at me. The police came and took him away, and he is now facing charges, I also never plan on speaking/seeing him ever again. I was not traumatized or seriously hurt, and I have resumed my normal life 4 days after.With all of that said, he is facing a few very serious charges, and I do not agree with them... (I got and get very physically distressed thinking he may go to jail.) Even considering what he did, I just do not think he belongs in jail over one drunken night, especially since it was the first time I had seen anything like this. I really want the serious charges to be dropped, and have him plead out to something that gives me an R/O and him long term probation. Is it wrong of me to feel this way? and what, if any, impact can I as the victim have on the charges?
.
I posted earlier about being a male survivor of IPV and looking for additional ideas to help with the healing process. I relayed a little of my experiences and received many PMs expressing support, thanks and asking me more about what happened to me. I thought about it for a while and decided to post something my therapist suggested I write as part of the recovery process.  Its sort of a long running conversation in my head so hopefully it makes sense. It’s a bit long and there may be triggers.I am a Marine combat veteran.  I am a single father.  I have been diagnosed with combat related PTSD.  And….I am a survivor of Intimate Partner Violence. This past year I’ve struggled with surviving nearly nine years of consistent domestic abuse.  In that time I experienced a variety of physical, sexual, emotional, verbal and mental abuse.  I was physically assaulted on several occasions, intentionally exposed to an STD, mentally and verbally abused on a weekly if not daily basis, and made to believe that I some how deserved everything that was done to me.   Admitting that I survived IPV has extremely difficult for me.  I felt stupid for staying so long, for not seeing the warning signs, for continually coming back to her and believing her promises. For accepting the blame for the things she did.  For not seeking help. For always hoping that it would get better, that’d she’d finally be the person that I fell in love with.It didn’t help that I‘m usually the person everyone turns to for help and support, the guy you called when you needed someone to talk to at 3am, come pick you up from the bar, or just be there so you weren’t alone.  I’d always been the one to help those who needed it but in the end I was unable to help myself.  I thought I was capable of handling anything that life could throw at me. Hell, I was a combat vet.  I was wrong.  I thought no one could hurt me in that way. I was wrong.  It has been difficult for me find support and work through the hurt and pain.  Just getting friends and family to believe me was challenging.  At first no one wanted to hear about what I had been through and of the few people that listened to me, several suggested that if it did happen I must have done something to deserve it.  Many thought that I was making it up since my abuser was woman and came across as such a good person that she couldn’t have done those things.   I reached out to numerous groups, Joyful Heart, 1in6 and the National Domestic Abuse Hotline, just about any other organization I could find.  It was difficult especially because my abuser is female.  It seemed like no one wanted to acknowledge that there are women abusers who commit violence against their intimate partners. Eventually I found help through the National Domestic Abuse Hotline who put me in contact with a local Family Peace Center. Throughout our relationship, my abuser kept promising to go the therapy and get help and work being a better partner. She knew that what she was doing was wrong, but she would always say that if I ever told anyone, no one would believe me because she was a woman; she could just blame my PTSD and say that I was abuser. I'd lose my job, my daughter and everything.  I kept quiet but every day was a struggle and I wanted to just curl up in a ball and hide from the world.  I was trapped. The implied threats, losing my clearance, my job, my daughter, not being believed, kept me from seeking help until after she left me, but after a few months, she started trying to contact me.   I had to tell my family and friends what had happened to insure that she couldn’t relay messages through them.  When I did that she started showing up places when she knew I was there so I began avoiding those places.   The VA had diagnosed me with combat related PTSD during our relationship and my abuser repeatedly told me that my PTSD was the source of the all of our problems, why none of her friends wanted to be around me and why she was unhappy.   She would tell me that I was lucky that she stayed with me.  Because I had PTSD, it was impossible for anyone else to love me or be with me.  Despite her girlfriends telling her to leave me, she stayed because she loved me. Because she said it so often I though it must be true so I had gone back to the VA for counseling to fix the problems.   I didn’t tell her since she didn’t want me going to the VA after my first VA counselor recommended that I end the relationship after finding out that she was physically abusive towards me.  But it was during these sessions that nine years of intimate partner violence and years of silence came out in a flood.     When I did start opening up, trying to come to grips what I had been through; several people questioned my experience and doubted the truth of what had happened.  After all this kind of thing just doesn’t happen to people like me.  I’m a Marine veteran, well –educated and working on an advanced degree; I’m supposed to be able to handle anything. I heard everything from disbelief to indifference.  That there was no way that it happened; that I was making it up; that she couldn’t have done those things; that she’s such a good person; It couldn’t have been that bad; that if it did happen I must have done something to deserve it; why didn’t I just leave; you’re just mad she left you; and of course, Suck it up Marine.   Unfortunately, it is true. It did happen. It was that bad. I did suck it up. I endured for nearly nine years.  Making it up?  I wish. I was then maybe that soul shaking panic that took hold of me when she tried to get back in touch with me or showed up when I’m at the gym or the fear that she’ll show up at my house trying to get back into my life would go away.  Nothing I ever did justifies what my abuser did and said. No matter what her reasons were, it was and is unacceptable.   I tried to leave several times.  But I believed her promises and always came back. I did love her, when things were good it was amazing and I always hoped that they would stay that way.   In the end she left me because I had begun to reassert myself so she found a replacement, the details of what she did don’t matter.  She’s no longer in my life and I can finally start to heal.  When she left relief flooded my body.  Unfortunately, she has continued to try to contact me and bring me back into her circle just in case things don’t work out. Every time she has tried to get ahold of me has caused days of anxiety and panic as my worst fears about her trying work her way back into my life seem to be coming true.    The relationship began at a drama class that both of our daughters attended.  Over the course of several weeks we would talk.   We traded stories, me about ex-wife and an ongoing child custody case and she about how her cruel her husband was, that he mistreated her; was mean to her and how they had divided their house and had separate lives, only coming together for their kids.  I really didn’t think too much of it at the time, but when she started looking for someone else she told anyone who would listen that I was mean and cruel to her and treated her badly.  Shortly after we met she started saying the not only was her husband mean but he had been unfaithful but she couldn’t bring herself to divorce him until she met me.   At the time, I had no way of knowing I was one of several men that she was having affairs with in hope of finding one who would allow her to leave her marriage. In the beginning it was fantastic.  She was all I could ask for.  She was vibrant and lively and she was kind to my daughter, but slowly over weeks and months, the abuse began. In public she was the sweetest most loving girlfriend, but when we were alone it came out. Little things at first but eventually it took over, happening with greater and greater frequency.  She would pick fights over small things, exploding yelling and screaming, it was walking in a minefield. I never knew what would set her off. Then it started.  She always wanted to know, where I was when I wasn’t with her, who I talked to, why I didn’t return her calls of texts right away, if there was another woman.  She started commenting on the clothes I wore, saying I needed to dress better and that was strange to me but I didn’t think anything of it at the time. She would constantly tell me that what I wore looked bad or wasn’t good enough and that my sense of style was crappy.  At first she would choose what I wore when we went out, mocking me if she did not like what I had chosen until I changed into something she liked.  Later she bought me clothes telling me this looked better or was more in style and would harass me when I wouldn’t wear them.  Eventually it became easier to just let her to select my clothes when we went shopping so that my entire wardrobe met with her approval.   After that she started removing people from my life, many of whom I had known for years, some men but especially any women, it didn’t matter who they were; wives of friends, mothers of my daughters classmates, fellow veterans, my classmates from high school or college.  I had no problems telling her who these people were and how I knew them and their families.  It didn’t matter as our relationship progressed my girlfriend would accuse me of cheating on her with these women.  She would say the men and women could not be friends, that it was always about sex and if I loved her I should have no contact with any women to help her feel more secure in our relationship.   Later, when we went to couples therapy it would come out that she had cheated on every partner she had ever been with and she used her fear someone would cheat on her to justify all the things she did. During the first year of our relationship despite telling me she was on birth control, she became pregnant.   She told me that she wanted a baby with me so we could get married and be together forever.  She knew during my marriage my ex-wife had lost a baby previously and that it had hurt me deeply.  And that I always wanted another child.  Initially I was all for having a baby with her. It was like a dream come true.  Here was a beautiful woman carrying my child who wanted a future with me.  But that week the dream exploded into a nightmare, this wonderful woman that I thought was my future assaulted me.   I had gotten a phone call from another parent to set up a play dates for our daughters, but because this parent was a single mom, my abuser became unhinged. She accused me of cheating on her; driving into me with surprising  fury, hitting me, screaming like a banshee, cursing, forcing me back into corner of the bedroom and I collapsed against the wall as she kicked me. I was stunned. I didn’t know what to do.  This was unlike anything I had ever experienced.  I cowered and trembled before the fury of this woman, pregnant with my child, that I thought loved me and wanted a future together.   Nothing in my life had prepared me for this, attacked by the woman I loved pregnant with our child for taking a phone call. I couldn’t comprehend what was happening and tried to protect myself the best I could.   When she finally wore herself out.  I sat there shaking unable to move, unable to speak. My ribs were bruised.  My mouth was bleeding and I had a small cut over one eye.  She pleaded with me not to call the police, saying she’d lose custody of her kids.  She promised it would never happen again and begged me not to leave her.  She apologized, but told me that it was my fault.  That I shouldn’t have taken the call; that I Should have let her answer my phone; that she thought I was cheating on her; that she was afraid of losing me and panicked and attacked me. Despite her promises she assaulted me many more times over our relationship, each time promising to never do it again each time making it up to me with gifts, trips and sex.    As part of her apology, she took me on a weekend getaway so we could focus on us. The entire time she was amazing, so loving and sweet, promising that she would never attack me again and telling me that we should really look forward to having the baby and making a family together.  I wasn’t excited anymore. I was frightened. I was unsure.  Here was a woman that I told my fears and nightmares to, that knew me like no one else that I thought I could trust and who had violently assaulted me because of a phone call. Here was a person who had broken my trust. I no longer saw my future with this woman as clearly.   But I still though the relationship could be saved.   I told her I was still excited about having a baby with her but that we couldn’t afford to get married right away.   I truly believed that we would be able to work out the problems, get married and build a family together.  But it was not what she wanted to hear, she became very upset, concerned about what people would think if we had a baby and weren’t married then she got mad at me saying that this was what I wanted and that she wouldn’t have gotten pregnant she didn’t think I wanted more children. I realized that having a baby with her was the worst possible idea at that time.  That eventually we could but we had a lot of work ahead of us.  It broke my heart, but I said that maybe this wasn’t the best time for us to have a baby that we could try later when we were married and in a better position to care for a newborn.  Although she was angry and hurt she agreed.    Just as her physical attack on me became my fault, her pregnancy and the abortion were my fault as well.  One more thing that she constantly throw in my face knowing how much it hurt me and anytime she felt that I wasn’t doing what she wanted she would bring it up.  Throughout our relationship she would periodically say she forgot to take her birth control, tell me she was late and have pregnancy scare and for a few weeks all my attention was on her.  Eventually I realized that she had gotten pregnant on purpose and continued to use it to control and manipulate me After we came back from our trip, I stopped talking to any of the women I knew and cut off all communication to avoid fights.  But that wasn’t enough.  She wanted all my passwords to my email account and social media accounts and started looking through my phone whenever she could until I caught her and she accused me of cheating and hiding things from her but that it was my fault, that because I did not make her feel secure in our relationship she had to do those things.  She insisted that I change my number and delete all my contacts from my phone so no one could get ahold of me except certain of my family and friends. But it wasn’t enough, she kept accusing me of having other girlfriends and continued to try answer and get into my phone.   Eventually I just left my phone in the car or had it turned off just to avoid any arguments.   Then she started using her kids to report on who I talked to when I took them out.  I deleted my social media accounts to try to please her and stop her accusations.  But that didn’t matter either.   Her accusations just got wilder with hidden accounts and secret girlfriends.  While it never got as bad as the first time, she attacked me several more times, but eventually resorted to throwing stuff like lamps and candle holders at me when I started putting more and more space between us during her rages The entire time she was always accused me of cheating on her, of flirting with other women or having another girlfriend.  She constantly checked up on me and tried to control who I talked to and spent time with.  If I worked with a woman my ex-girlfriend would accuse me of trying to sleep with her. If I talked to a woman she accused me of flirting. This included fellow coaches, athletes, the barista at Starbucks or the salesgirl at the surf store.  It got so bad that she accused me of wanting to have sex with my niece, my cousin, my daughter’s teacher, and my daughter’s volleyball coach.  It happened so often that I avoided talking anything that happened during the course of my day just to insure she didn’t get upset.  I stopped doing things I loved, anything that took time away from her or where I might run into other women just to avoid confrontations with my ex-girlfriend.  I had to stop coaching because she kept telling me that she felt threatened by the female athletes and several of the female coaches. Although I left on several occasions but she called them taking a break and we stayed in contact talking and texting daily.  Sometimes these breaks lasted for a few days, weeks, a month or longer, but  I always came back believing that she would make good on her promises and our life together would once again be beautiful.   The first time I left her, she threatened to kill herself.   I wasn’t able to get over to the house quickly so I called the police to do a welfare check especially since her kids were with her.  She was furious that I had gotten the police involved, but with the police there she promised to go to therapy and work on being better, fixing our communication and for a time things were good again.   I had been going to the VA for transition counseling and when my ex-girlfriend found out that the counselor told me to stop dating her because the physical violence she got angry.   She told me that I shouldn’t be talking about our relationship to anyone and that the VA counselor didn’t know about relationships anyway and she would find us a couple’s counselor instead.   To make her happy make I stopped going.  Couple’s counseling made things better for a while.  I asked her to marry me and we got engaged.  When counselor started focusing on the things that me ex-girlfriend needed to work on, she got upset  and started saying that she thought counseling was a waste of time; that the therapist was stupid and didn’t know what she was talking about; that all we just needed to be married and in the same house.  But once we stopped going to the therapist the abuse started back up.  The physical attacks had stopped but the verbal, mental and emotional abuse increased.   The others times I left, I see her driving by my house as she texted me to see if I was home or parked down the street.  Each time she begged me to take her back.  She promised to get help to be better and I believed her.  And for a little while everything was beautiful again but with a few weeks it started all over again.  It was about this time that I was diagnosed with PTSD. Sex and affection became her weapons.  Complaining that she wasn’t getting enough sex but turning me down when we had alone time and always insisting that I initiate sex. She constantly accused me of getting sex somewhere else because if I wasn’t cheating on her then there was something wrong with me.   I maybe I was gay or it was PTSD or that I needed to tested for low testosterone.  I started having panic attacks and felt like I was losing my mind.  At the end of the year I ended our engagement, saying that I needed to clear my head so I could be better for her.   She would tell people that I was mean to her and that I was hard to deal with because of my PTSD but that she stayed with me because she loved me. She demanded more and more of my time and attention, belittling me when I couldn’t meet her demands.   She constantly told me that I owed her all my love since she stayed with me and defended me because of my PTSD.  That she should be the only love in my life. When my daughter began to have trouble in school, I started spending more time helping her.  And this kind woman who had been so wonderful to my daughter turned on her. Telling me I didn’t love her when I refused to make her my number one priority.  Telling me I didn’t love her when I refused to put her ahead of my daughter. Telling me my daughter was getting in the way of our happiness. She started blaming my daughter for many of the problems in our relationship.  She would question my parenting skills and the decisions I made regarding my daughter’s choices of clothing, music and friends.  We used to get together with my friends but, she would make spiteful nasty comments about them and say she would rather not spend time with them so eventually we stopped seeing  them.  The couples we used to hang out with no longer invited us out.  She blamed me saying that her friends did not like me and that I was no fun and her friends thought I was anti-social and mean and didn’t want to spend time with around me, but she did not care and loved me anyway.   When I tried to communicate and stand up for myself, it always ended the same way.   She would make promises to be better but would turn the conversation back to her needs and how I wasn’t living up to her expectations.   While there were good and wonderful times, now it feels like there is not moment that did not have some element of abuse in it.  The insults, put downs, derision, manipulation, checking up on me, controlling the way I dressed, threatening suicide if I left her, while slowly and systematically isolating me from my friends and family. When I would tell her that she was being mean, she would just say she was being sarcastic and that I didn’t get her sense of humor.  That I needed to get over it and stop being the girl in the relationship. My abuser repeatedly told me that I was not being a good partner.  How I communicated was a problem, that I never gave her enough attention, time or sex.  After she found out I had PTSD that became her go to reason for the problems in our relationship. No matter what I did everything was my fault, from the kind of flowers I bought her, to jewelry wasn’t to her taste, Christmas and birthday presents became gift cards because nothing I  ever gave her was right. Even the problems she had in the bedroom were because I was failing her as a lover. After, I decided go back to school for my Master’s degree things started to change. I was trying to get a better job, so we could have a better life together instead of taking money from her father.  I told her all of this, but it was not good enough, not only was I taking time away from her but there would be women in class with me.  So I tried to make sure most of my classes were online that way I could spend time with her and not be in classes with other women but that proved impossible.    Her obvious displeasure was strange given why I was back in school but the abuse slowed although she demanded more time and attention.   At first, I thought that things had gotten better and that maybe she realized that she could no longer treat me this way.  Looking back it was at the same time that she started to act differently, hiding her phone and acting funny when I asked about her day.  It turned out that she had been having an affair with a friend’s husband for months.  When they got caught by his wife, she apologized, but blamed me, saying that she was in a bad place because of our relationship but would work on being better.  I tried to forgive her and accepted the blame for her unfaithfulness.   I supported her when she when to court for a TRO against his wife and stood by her when the rumors about her infidelity came out despite the mounting evidence against her.  Despite her promises not to, she continued to talk and text other men not just behind my back, but in front of my daughter when I was not around.   After that I started reclaiming my life, in small ways at first but growing gradually over time. I went back to the VA and started counseling again. I started coaching again. I spent time with friends that she did not approve of.  I started playing music and formed a band. I reached out to old friends hoping that I would be forgiven for ending contact with them.  But rather than tell her what I was doing I made excuses for my time away from her because I was afraid of her reactions, afraid that I had not seen her at her worst.  No matter what I did for her, it was never enough.  I wasn’t romantic enough, got the wrong flowers or the wrong jewelry. Taking mini vacations, or going on dates didn’t solve the underlying problems in our relationship.   My abuser was never going to keep her promises. That no matter what I did, she was never going to stop being abusive.  Despite repeatedly acknowledging that she was treating me badly and that she was jealous of my daughter and neglecting her and promising to change, she never would.   A few months before it ended, my daughter asked to live with her mother, someone she hasn’t spent more than twenty-one consecutive days with since she was three years old.  It broke my heart when I asked my daughter about why she wanted to leave.  My daughter had seen all the things my ex-girlfriend was doing and felt powerless to protect me from her.   She finally told me everything that my ex-girlfriend had been doing behind my back and how she was treating my daughter when I wasn’t around.   My daughter didn’t think I believe her if she told me so she thought it would be better if she left.  The abuse continued even after my girlfriend broke up with me.  We still hung out and did things together.  She told me I was her best friend and that she hoped I would wait for her while she worked on the promises she made me and got better for us. I helped her with the kids and her house.  She kept on with her insults and accusations until she got her period following the last time we had sex and she told me she was seeing someone else.  I was hurt but the relief I felt was immediate.  I found out later that despite seeing other men, she was using me as a back up just in case things didn’t work out. Even if I could remember everything that happened I’m have not going into every detail try to document every instance of abuse because this isn’t about our relationship and every little thing that happened in it.     The abuse happened and I survived.  For the longest time I believed that everything was my fault and that I deserved what was happening to me.  It wasn’t and I didn’t.   As a Marine, like many veterans I learned to endure things that many would find impossible.    For those of us with PTSD, it is easy to accept the blame because we feel like we are broken and imperfect.    It was easy to believe my ex-girlfriend telling me I was lucky that anyone was willing to love me at all; or that I was the one was the problem and that she was a martyr for putting up with me. I accept that my abuser will never be held accountable in any court of law.  And although it would be to rant and spew vitriol and hate about my abuser, that’s a pointless exercise that serves no purpose.   I’ve accepted that she will never acknowledge what she did or apologize to me or my daughter.   But this isn’t about her.  Its about me.  Its about enduring and surviving.  Its about healing.  I’m starting to put the pieces back together but is has been a long hard road to unravel all the little bits and repair the damage that was done.  And although I’ve still got a ways to go writing this all out has helped my healing process.   When I began to seek help, I felt alone.  That no one else had been in my position, that as a male survivor of domestic abuse from a woman, I had no connection to the other survivors.   I was wrong.  I’m grateful for my counselors at the Family Peace Center and Parents and Children Together for getting me to this point.Thank you for reading this and for your support and understanding, healing is a long road but with love and support I will make it.  
Really need to vent tonight.  Have no one to talk to.  It’s the weekend, when GF typically goes off and yells about something. This evening is was “Don’t talk.  DON’T TALK.  Don’t say ONE WORD.”  When I hear shit like that, I don't feel like a person anymore; I just a "thing," with no rights.  And I just can’t believe I’m still stuck with this person and haven’t gotten out yet.  And I’m wondering if the kind of trauma I go through is gonna have some sort of long-term repercussions that I will never be able to resolve, even after I do get out.Financially, probably the only way I will ever be able to leave is if some relative dies and leaves me some money.  But I don’t have many relatives left, because I’m old myself.Aside from always having to be on guard, and the nightly horror of crawling into bed with this person that is some mixture of former partner/abuser/enemy, oh and also I’m starting to think the Stockholm syndrome thing is beginning to happen to me, god the revulsion of getting into bed every night with this person, but what’s even crazier is the limited times I can masturbate.  I have to wait and watch and then do it quickly before I’m discovered.I’m old enough to die from a heart attack and yet in scenarios out of a ten-year-old’s life.  Insane.  My therapist worries that the burden is too great, the constant duplicity and hiding and fear is really bad.  I don’t know, exactly…I’m too close to it to be objective.  And also just very lonely and starved for affection and sex and kindness after years of nothing.I’ve made myself so strong in order to endure this.  I just hope that some day, some how, I can be free of this situation and free to be me and live my life again.Some day.
Thanks to the heroes of r/raisedbynarcissists I am currently working on an escape plan to get away from my abusive mother and it seems that after I'm out my options are a shelter until I can get a job and get on my feet or homelessness which I am terrified of. Can you at least an idea of what to expect when I get to one? Cause currently when I think of one its either horrific institutions that will abuse me/kick me out or the ABC show Recovery Road.
I wonder if he would have abused me if I were a girl because I had heard from people that my father was a gay man. They took names of his boyfriends. And made fun of him. It was only until recently that I found out from my mother that he was a homosexual (repressed, because it was frowned upon in my society) I got downvoted on another post when I tried to link his repressed homosexuality with his pedo habits. Then I was sent here cause this is a non toxic community. My father abused me from age 6 to about 12, until my parents divorced and I moved away. He groomed me into it initially with taking baths together and later he became relentless. Would happen every afternoon and sometimes at night. I don't hate him, I feel sorry for him. He was forced into marriage with my mom and after their divorced he rotted away alone in his room until 2 years ago when he died. We never spoke much after I moved away but I knew that nothing had changed with him. He had limited friends, never worked a day in his life and shied away from public. I expected something to happen, some acknowledgement, some way he could have made my life better (considering he never even met me after they separated or at least  paid for my education). My single mother took care of me but I never told her about this. I don't hate him, I just wish I had gotten to know him and what was going on inside his head before he died. I'm 28 years old now and have a healthy lifestyle, I'm a dentist and am married to the love of my life.Here's a link to my post in r/self: https://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/4cwdz4/son_of_a_gay_man/?ref=search_posts
After an Australian woman went public with her 2015 rape while visiting Seoul, other foreign women have reported similar difficulties while dealing with South Korean police & hospital staff. The woman & the Korean newspaper reporter covering her story recently discussed why that difficulty with police, including information about her case they posted publicly on Facebook, forced her to create a crowdfunding campaign to help bring her attacker to justice. You can read or listen to the report [here](http://www.koreafm.net/2016/04/korean-police-deny-wrongdoing-in-australians-rape-investigation/).
Okay so first off I'll start by saying I  don't know why I'm really doing this I just feel like I need to off load it all and would really like insight from fellow survivors.I'm a 20 year old female I'm married now and have two kids that I had when I was 16. My husband was actually the first male I'd ever told about my past and what happened to me, he is sort of supportive but in a way not really, he thinks I should be over what happened to me by now but I think he just doesn't understand it all very well. Sometimes he's made some really nasty comments about rape his latest one was that it's your own fault if you get raped he made the comment that if our daughter (shes 3) ever got raped it would be her fault for whatever she did to encourage it. That has had me really angry for weeks since. Anyway he can be a real asshole it usually happens after I turn him down for sex, his mother decided to tell me I was over reacting but I have no care for her opinion.(she's an interfering nasty women)Lately we have been having problems with intimacy on my part I keep denying him because I feel disgusting when we have sex and after we do, I've always had trouble with going down on a man because of my abuse that's one of the main flashbacks I have but he get ls really upset when I say no to him starts accusing me of not wanting to be with him anymore and the rest of it. It's really starting to effect of relationship I feel like a useless wife but u also feel like my husband should understand what I'm going through.Sorry for the massive explanation I'm sorta still pissed off but that's not what I really came here to talk about. When I was little I was sexual abuse by what I've come to assume we're multiple people, by that I mean by that is I cant tell you for a fact it was more then one person but I know with my whole being that it definitely was. Apparently I have blocked out the majority of what happened to protect myself. The sexual abuse started around the age of 4 I know because of the house. I lived with my mum and dad and my older brother. I'll put it out there that prior to the sexual abuse starting my father physically abused all of us. My father decided to have two of his friends move in with us we also had my uncle and his son move in too. My father and his friends were always high my father would pass out while my mum was at work and his friend would abuse me. I remember specifically one day when he had taking me out to the garage where they stayed and had taken my underwear off and raped me I think by then it had already happened a few times so I had stopped fighting it he would tell me he loved me and that's what you do when you love someone so being 4 I would do what he told me, I remember my dad had obviously woken up and had come looking for me he was calling me so the man stopped chucked my underwear under the bed and made me sit on the flook with my book. He told my dad that I'd gotten up from my nap and had come out to him to read. My dad believed him. Everthing else is blank I don't remember his face or the times before or after though I know it continued to happen. Again when I was 6 or 7 I remember being at my grandparents (she was always on the phone never really watching us) my older cousin 16 at the time (same one as before) took me out the the garage to 'practice' I don't think I understood what he was doing till he had me on his lap telling me that he needs to kiss me at the time I remember doing it all willingly I know how wrong it all is now but it was like I wanted it he made me give him a blow job and then eventually had sex with me. To this day it makes me sick to think about that day because I still feel disgusted that I actually wanted him to do those things to me. Anyway throughout my childhood I did alot of things the children shouldn't be doing I use to talk about sex to people. I was always very uncomfortable going to friends houses that had a dad because I'd automatically think the dad would be attracted to me I could never sleep over. As I got older I told other kids what happened to me but of course no one  said anything about it. When I turned 13 I became sexual active and started having sex I had sex with 5 guys by the time I was 15 and had other sexual things with at least 4 other boysI was numb I felt nothing no pleasure or pain or anything. I eventually told a school counselor when i was 14 what happened to me after a friend found out I was cutting myself and forced me to go, we told my mum together what had happened it was really hard alot of tears involved we did well until my mum told my grandmother they started talking about it and my grandmother (being the god loving catholic women she is didnt want me to to ruim the families reputation in the community) convinced my mum that I must be making it up and my brain is confused with me having a catheter put in as a baby for kidney problems. WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK! anyway I started therapy in therapy with a women use was suppose to specialize in sexual abuse but for some reason my grandmother had spoken to her first and had told her the same thing she'd told my mum. The whole time I was in therapy it was like I was having to prove to her that what happened was real and not made up everything I said she would turn around and ask are you sure this wasn't your imagination are you sure you weren't confused with something else. Long story short I ended up tellin her to get fucked and never went back. My doctor diagnosed me with PTSD and Clinical Depression. I started dating my now husband when I was 14 I told him what had happened and he was supportive he didn't run away like I thought he would and he still loved me I think that help me for a while had no trouble sexually with him to me I class him as my first because he was the first person I ever felt something with. I ended up pregnant after the birth my PTSD come back full force found it so hard never bonded with my son. Started talking to a counselor again for a while but again stopped when I felt okay. Had my daughter a year later and now I have been so scared about letting anyone near her incase anything happens to her. I don't trust anyone not even her father to look after her I lay awake at nights just to make sure no one goes into her room. I know logically that my husband isn't like that and would never hurt either of my kids but I can't help it it's gotten to the point where I'm having daily anxiety attacks again but having such a horrible first experience with therapy I don't know if I could go through that again. I know what happened to me a child can't make those things up. I feel robbed and betrayed especially by my family who were suppose to support me. I have to see my cousin every couple of months for family gathering lucky the asshole has stopped trying to speak to me anymore and stays away from me and my kids at them. I have a long way to go before I can heal and feel normal but just writing this has helped alot. To anyone that actually did read this thank you I'm not so sure what I'm meant to do now but any advice I would greatly  appreciate.
http://www.livingwithdidandptsd.space/2016/03/living-for-yesterday-and-tomorrow-not.html
It's been a year since I've been out of my emotionally, sexually, physically abusive relationship. It was a 6 year relationship that consumed most of my teenage years. When our divorce was final, I gathered everything I could find in my room that reminded me of him. Gifts, pictures, letters, jewelry, whatever. I went and burned it. But it's been a year, and I keep finding things stored away that remind me of him. Today I was going through a box of my high school grad stuff and found a ton of prom pics we had together. I immediately stored them away with some other things I intend to burn or throw out. So let me ask you guys this: how do I ever escape him? How do I stop running into these things? I just want to forget him all together. I want to stop feeling the immense anger I feel when I come across these things because I know he is the man who stole 6 years from me. I want to be able to continue my life and forget about those 6 years. I know I can't, but I at least need some way to stop remembering him so much and to get rid of some of this extreme anger. Thanks for any reply.
so my past is that i have been seuxally abused by various family members growing up.a few years ago, i wrote a letter to my dad (which my mom stole and read to my whole family) telling him why i felt indifferent and not close to my family due to past sexual abuse. he of course felt very horrible and from what my mother told me is that he was crying saying that he failed his "baby" when i was very vulnerable.well a few weeks ago i told my father i was seeking a case and protective order against my ex. he seemed very short with his answers and didn't seek out any extra answers and made me feel like he didn't care although my better senses tell me that he doesn't want to know more because he doesn't want to hurt.because of this, it makes me feel like i will eternally be disconnected emotionally and physically from my family (they do live about 8 hours from me). they will never really want to know me other than just wanting to maintain some sort of facade of a familial relationship. it makes me feel as though that i have come to the conclusion that rather than loving each other equally, that i love them substantially more than they can ever possibly love and be able to show me.i do not think i can actually be able to live with this. i do not want to live a fake relationship with my family. i'd rather just be struggling on my own than live in pain when no one answers my phone calls for weeks when i really needed them. i know i've rambled and i do not know what my question is. has anyone been in a similar situation?  
https://qtrial2016q1az1.az1.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_doIoDlVOzeSkLRjResearch study seeking participants: 16-25 year olds - You are invited to answer a series of questions about sensitive childhood experiences, and how you feel about yourself and your life. Your participation is expected to take about 10-15 minutes.PLEASE seek support from your physician, counsellor, or a helpline number if you feel triggered by the material.
For the past year, I have been divorced from my abusive husband. We met and got together at 15, married at 18, and divorced when I was 21. He was textbook abuser. Sexually, mentally, emotionally, physically, etc. Thankfully though, I got out and haven't talked to him since we divorced. I now have an amazing, understanding boyfriend. There are a lot of things I still have to get past. One of these things is little triggers that bring me back to my time with him. It could be a smell, a mannerism, a thought, or a sight. I feel anxious over things I shouldn't. I just hate going along and feeling fine when something happens that brings me back to the worst time in my life. Does this happen with anyone else and how do you deal with it?
I am still looking back sometimes and wondering how I could've been so stupid as to fall for it.My ex was someone who was open to me about a history of anger and addiction problems. I knew him for mere weeks before taking it at his word that they were resolved... and the evidence stood largely against him. I cherry-picked the good bits. I believed his excuses.He even told me about some of his manipulative techniques that his family used against him, and I still didn't spot him doing the same to me.He convinced me that my own memories of being attacked by him were false, and that I couldn't remember attacking him first. I believed him. That was where it all came crashing down. He showed how awful he was - and I believed him that I was just as bad.Lies, pure lies, obvious lies. How did I not see it? How did I ever let this happen to me?And smaller but equally pernicious lies - like that I'm messy - how did I end believing that when I knew I cleaned up after him? How did I end up believing someone who was pointing at something clearly good and yelling 'bad' over and over?I try and tell myself it wasn't my fault, he chose to abuse me... but if it wasn't my fault, if I just walked into this unwittingly, then by god was I stupid to not turn round and walk straight back out of there and I don't know how to get past that.
I read this article recently about the effects of childhood emotional neglect in adulthood and it resonates with me so much. Basically my entire childhood I downplayed or ignored what I was feeling and that led to a whole other set of life problems, abusive relationships, depression, anxiety... Things used to be really bad. But somehow I still managed to make it this far in life. I have a college degree, a job, an amazing caring spouse, friends who care about me.So for the last few years I've been seeing this awesome therapist and I feel like I'm finally becoming the 'real' me. I'm trying to live more purposefully, telling myself it's okay to cry and most importantly I'm actively thinking about how I feel whenever I notice my anxiety levels rising. And I've noticed that I definitely FEEL a lot more now. Have you seen that Ted Talk about the power of vulnerability? The speaker talks about how when you mute your feelings, everything you feel is muted. Your sadness doesn't cut too deeply, but your happiness doesn't lift you up as much either. Now when I watch my favorite shows, I enjoy them more. I laugh harder, the touching moments feel more meaningful. But now when I encounter an uncomfortable situation in my personal life, it also hits me harder. Now I have all these feelings again but I never developed the skills to deal with those feelings in the first place.I keep telling myself it's like strength training. Building muscle involves tearing your muscles, and then your body repairs them by making more muscle. Getting stronger is literally painful. And now I have to do that with my emotions. Meditating is helpful, so I'm trying to do that more. Writing songs and poems to get my feeling out also helps. I just wish it wasn't so hard. It's like I've developed some social anxiety (on top of other anxiety problems) because I don't feel like I can handle myself anymore. I worry about if I said the wrong thing. Or I ruminate on something that makes me really angry. Sometimes I just burst into tears. I'm in such a better place in my life than I've ever been in, but it's still hard. I thought maybe writing this would help. I'd love to hear other thoughts on this.Also links to the stuff I mentioned:Childhood emotional neglect:http://blogs.psychcentral.com/childhood-neglect/2016/02/how-childhood-emotional-neglect-makes-adult-life-feel-meaningless/Power of Vulnerabilityhttp://youtu.be/iCvmsMzlF7o
Simply putting it, my father was born into a rich and well known family. Since birth, I believe, he had repressed his homosexuality. My mother eventually told me that he had been gay. Homosexuality was frowned upon in my culture and especially in the family. This led my dad to lead a very introverted life. He never stepped out of his comfort zone. There were stories about his homosexual escapades with certain other known members of his entourage. He was forced into marrying my mother as it was 'the right thing to do'. My parents never had a relationship and the fact was only compounded when my mom came to know about his sexuality. He never worked a day in his life and resorted to smoking hash and the occasional drink and his daily drives around the neighbourhood. I never had a very strong loving relationship with my dad but from age 5-11, I was sexually abused by my him. It started with taking baths together but evolved into an ongoing arrangement between us. Eventually my parents divorced and I moved away from him and we barely stayed in touch. He called initially every now and then. He once broke down on the phone with me  saying 'do you even remember me?' howling as he went on! But eventually we lost contact completely.  I could see in his pictures that he was deteriorating physically (perhaps mentally). Dad died last year without getting remarried, wasting away in his room day by day. Never doing anything productive in his life. I never got to know him as a person and i'm hoping someone here could help me find out more about my father. To help me sum up what was happening in his head throughout his life.
I'm in my early twenties. For the second half of my life I've been too overwhelmed to function. I've been spending that time living on my room mostly. I've been to all sorts of doctors because that's the type of thing we thought was wrong. Somewhat recently I was referred to a psychiatrist. He had asked if there has been an trauma. That got me thinking about my past. Before I had ANY suspicion of any kind, I got really angry and accused my dad. I went to him, very upset, and said "you're the reason I'm fucked up." Thus happened a second time a few weeks later. I would get so fucking angry just seeing a picture of him. A few months later in therapy it came to me that he molested me. I don't have any conscious memory of it happening. There's some body memories. The strongest indicator to me has been what my gut has been telling me. It could have been someone else who did it, but from what my gut says is that it was him 100%. I don't know, I still doubt myself a lot. I wish I could know what happened so I could be certain. Does this happen to other people and can I trust myself? 
For as long as I can remember, I've always hated bedtime.  As a kid, I thought it was because I didn't want the fun to end.  As an adult with depression for two decades, the explanation I cooked up was that I had barely held myself together that day, I didn't want the risk of the next day to come.  While there's something to that, I realized a few days ago the real reason is because I dreaded being woken up by my dad, come to rape me again.  Having started to process this, I fell asleep so easily and slept so well last night.  I love healing. 
I'm 23 and I've been with my fiance for seven years. I've known their family for almost ten, and am best friends with their younger daughter as well. My father used to manipulate me, emotionally, and physically abuse me. I haven't had to see him sense I was seventeen. He lied to manipulate others, and was very charismatic. I live in the south, and it's all just fake southern charm ya'know. And when he didn't get his way, or when he didn't hear what he wanted to, he would take it out on me. I've known for some time step mom (let's call her rose) reminded me of him. Her personality, and actions were very similar and she was emotionally abusive towards my best friend (her step daughter). She doesn't like it when people disagree with her-- and my bestie she's very opinionated.My fiance is not, and even though I am opinionated, my father has shaped how I deal with those sorts of personalities. I remain silent as long as I can. If they are hurting me, I know talking back will only make it worse. Up until this point, rose and I haven't clashed significantly. That is, until last night.My fiance's family is very well off-- all the children get a stipend. They are all very privileged. Their parents pay for a portion of their college. This is very unlike myself (with a single mother). I have a job in college, I feel uncomfortable asking my mother for money and I don't expect anything from anyone. Rose got on the phone with me and basically attacked me. She told me I was ungrateful, manipulative and abusive. She accused me of forcing my fiance into some decisions and told me I wouldn't be able to do anything without their family. She started listing all these trips I went on with them, she said "I had to agree, I would have never been able to go on," and I disagreed. I was invited on the trips and some, in fact, I did not want to attend but I thought it would be rude to decline. She went on about how I never have ever said thank you (in the ten years I've known her) and my parents didn't teach me right. Every time I attempted to correct her, or say that wasn't true she just called me a liar and told me to stop arguing because I was ruining my relationship with her and my fiance's father. She continued to belittle me for thirty minutes, at one point saying "I am an adult and you are a child,"and went on to interrogating me about my plans after college, and how I'm stringing my fiance along, and blamed me for a collection of other things I haven't done. Eventually, my fiance got in on the phone call-- because of rose (she said I kept lying) which necessitated in an hour long extension to the conversation where she continued to talk down on me and lie about things that I'd done (which my fiance knew was untrue) Most of this argument was about money, and how I am apparently ungrateful and "take take take," (In her words) But I wouldn't apologize because I had done nothing wrong. I told her, that I've expressed gratitude in the past, and even though this wasn't enough (apparently) I would try to work on it in the future. Nothing would quell her, because all she wanted me to do was grovel, just like my dad would want me to do. Eventually, we got to a point where she was saying the relationship between my fiance and I was unbalanced, and the entire family was worried about us (only their side of the family mind you). We asked her what she meant, and of course she was talking about money. Saying my fiance pays for more stuff (which isn't true), my fiance owns a car and I don't. This was the catalyst and only argument for this ''imbalance''. I often don't pay for gas, because my fiance never asks me to, because he has more money than me. I tried to explain that her perspective of our relationship was different and she couldn't see the relationship we see it, and it's not as unbalanced as she thinks. But as I've already said, she was adamant on being unreasonable and wouldn't have an adult conversation about anything. She went on an said there were ten family members who have come to them, concerned about us and how we're financially unequal. She said we have to work on that, and I simply wouldn't agree with her which drove her crazy. She started lying, saying even our own friends had called to voice their concerns (lol, what friends? yeah, my friends would love to call my parents). This eventually led to an entire breakdown of the conversation as she, rose, compared me to my father and I wouldn't let her speak anymore. I told her she can't compare me to someone who is abusive, and think that's OK. She said she was just trying to call to help, and fix the things she thought was wrong with us but I told her she wasn't helping, that she was making it worse. I was visibly upset, and crying. She had kept me on the phone for an hour and a half and she knew all she was doing was emotionally trapping me in this abusive situation. At this, she told me to never talk to her, ever again and made some veiled threat about not being able to marry my fiance.I asked her not to act like that, (like a child), and that our conversation had reached the end-- that it had been detrimental to my health and I was entitled to my opinion in thinking it wasn't helping. But she just thought I was being rude and dismissive again because I wasn't telling her what she wanted to hear.To top this off, I'm a bit sick (voice and runny nose) so I had an excuse to not go to any of my classes today and basically wallow in my anxiety about the whole situation. I haven't felt this terrible in a really long time and I feel as if I'm a slight danger to myself (self-harm). I have a professor I talk to on campus but he's flown out to a conference today (go figure) and I don't want to talk to a campus counselor. I just don't know what to do.     
I don't want to make this too wordy or make a huge deal out of something that potentially isn't a big deal.. there are a lot of minor details between timelines but those aren't crucial. So long story short, somebody I thought of as a good friend, had diddled around with me when we were teens after getting me messed up on an assortment of drugs but we both fell into serious relationships afterwards. After my three year relationship ended he profusely pushed himself on me  and I would constantly refuse but still hung out with him, thinking he was one of my closest friends regardless. Finally I gave in one day but I hated it so much..that was all I could think, I didn't want to be the bitch to blue-balls him but finally I asked him if he could please stop to which he replied "ugh, I'm almost finished!" and I think I said "ok" and stared up at the ceiling praying for it to be over, thinking that "I deserve this".. that I consider wrong- not necessarily rape, just kind of fucked up. I could have been assertive, I was there.. it happened... I didn't do anything. I got over it and we hangout again and go on one of our "sushi dates" (it was a tradition, we were close friends) and I begged him, literally begged him, not to fuck around with me that night but when I woke up the next morning he was fucking me.. Maybe he didn't know I was asleep, or that since we had been intimate before it was okay and he had no idea he did anything wrong.. the whole situation has just left me feeling incredibly confused, lost, angry, sad, and alone. What happened? Why would my friend do this?  
I grew up in a home with a lot of physical and emotional abuse. Dad was physical and emotional, Mom was emotional, and I had a lot of aunts and uncles who were the same. Abuse just runs in my family on both sides. My plan was to leave home at 18, and I was able to accomplish this by getting a job waiting tables and saving up money to move out. When I look back at how far I've come, I feel extremely lucky that everything turned out like how I'd planned it. But at the same time, I feel like I've turned my back on everyone. I still see my family about once a week, with the exception of my Dad, who I have chosen to have no contact with.When I see my cousins, who I'm so close with that they're practically my siblings, I feel guilty that their mother neglects them and their father abuses them physically and emotionally. But at the same time, I think "what am I supposed to do? Call the cops or CPS on my own family? It probably wouldn't lead anywhere, and if if did, then that would just break up the kids from their parents and make the situation worse." Then when I see my brothers, who still live in the house, we always have a good time but I can tell that they are more withdrawn and depressed than ever and it makes me feel helpless.  My mother probably misses me more than anyone, and texts or calls me pretty much every day. Of course, I love my mother very much, but she has a habit of guilting and manipulating people. Usually during our conversations, she updates me on the latest family drama and this just makes me feel worse about not being home. She also mentions how I'm wasting my money by paying rent and I'm breaking my father's heart by not talking to him.  Seems like when I'm under my parents roof I'm unhappy, but when I'm not under their roof, everyone else is unhappy. I never expected it to be this bittersweet.
**Fair warning, this is pretty long**I posted this on /r/offmychest recently, but it sort of got buried (as is common) and I thought it might be more appropriate here. I've posted here on another account, but this is more personal, so I'm using a throwaway. I think it fits here, there isn't much outright abuse in the story, but there's no "survivors of childhood emotional neglect" subreddit and /r/raisedbynarcissists only fits one parent, so this is the best I can do.A little bit (okay a lot) of background: -------------------------------------------------------------------------When I was a kid my parents would fight like all the time. There wasn't any real physical or sexual abuse, but they'd argue about every little thing, whether it's the location of the furniture, or what my bedtime should be. Usually it would turn into a shouting match between them, and I'd get involved in some way. I'd take someone's side, and then I'd be shouting as well. A lot of the time my dad would blame me and my mom for ganging up on him and trying to manipulate him, and the other times my mom would confide in me about things that were frankly stupid to confide in a small child and try to sway me to her side. My memories now of that time period are literally about 90% arguing and crying. Looking back at it all I feel like I was a tool in their sort of war, though I didn't consciously feel that way at the time.Anyway, I was an angry and disobedient kid. I loved reading especially to get away from my parents, and a lot of the time I'd shut myself up in my room instead of going to school and I'd just read all day. I ended up missing a lot of school like this, so my parents started taking my books away, sometimes I remember I'd take some of their money and go buy new books from the store and keep them hidden and just re-read them. To combat this, they'd shut off the power at nights so I didn't have light, and I'd end up sitting in the yard and reading by moonlight. This went on until like grade 7, by which time I'd just spend my days either locked up in the washroom or barricaded in my bedroom reading.For grade 8 my parents basically sent me to a sort of reform school. Before I left I remember my mom crying and telling me people were going to hurt me there. There's a lot that happened there, but basically it was really shitty, the kind of place where people would literally try to get caught doing criminal things to go to juvie instead. I got in a lot of shit for a lot of petty stuff, and by the end I'd wake up every day wishing I was dead. When I told my parents about this and begged to come back home promising to be a good kid, they'd just give me sort of quick "it isn't too bad"s or more commonly just ignore me. So I spent three years there, and then ended up at a very nice normal boarding school where I met a bunch of friends and had some very kind and caring teachers, and for the first time I was away from my parents without hating life. Some time during this they finally got a divorce.After this I spent some time travelling. I went to university which was okay, though things sort of spiraled downwards, and I ended up dropping out with no real direction in life. Despite all this, my parents funded the travelling and university, and even the living away from home after I dropped out. Now that I'm not doing anything, my mom wants me to get a job and keeps saying she'll cut me off if I'm not self-sufficient soon. I really do want to get one, but I just can't work up the motivation. I feel like I might as well just die rather than getting one, which definitely isn't to say I'm suicidal, just that I'm not too attached to living. Like if I found out I had terminal cancer I wouldn't be too sad, and I think it'd be nice to find out a time limit on my life, though suicide seems like a horrible idea since I'm enjoying life more than hating it right now.--------------------------------------------------------------------------What really bothers me is that lately I was thinking about what emotions I feel to my parents, and I don't think I could say I love them. I feel some level of gratitude for the money, and I don't hate them, but I'm rather indifferent. I feel the same way about them as I do someone who I maybe talked to at a party one time, or some bank clerk who gave me a generous loan. Like if they died I'd be disappointed, but I wouldn't be distraught and I'd care more if it were my friends, even ones who aren't too close. I feel like a piece of shit for it, but I really don't care about them. I'm living on my own now, but if my money dried up I'd have to move back in, and I don't think I could do that. When I'm around them too long I get very irritable and burst out in anger a lot, and I neither want that for them or myself (I hate being angry these days, weird since I was such an angry kid but without even being vain, I'm one of the calmest people I know).I've been going to therapy as of late, and I think it's really what got me to realize this. I'm not comfortable talking about all this in person yet, but we got into the surface and that made me think about this by myself. As a kid, I used to say "I hate you" as I think many kids have, but as time has gone by, my sort of childish hate has just been replaced with apathy. I love my friends, pets, and even many of my extended family, so I don't think it's a problem with my ability to love, it's just that I can't love people who were at the best of times condescending and aggressive, and at the worst of times sending me into situations that they knew to be abusive and ignoring my confessions of thoughts of suicide.So basically, am I a piece of shit for feeling like this? I don't necessarily want to love them now, as much as I wish I could have before, so it's not the lack of love itself, more the guilt for not loving people who (while not emotionally supportive) have given me quite a bit of money. I feel like basically letting them go would be quite freeing, but I feel guilty for even acknowledging my own opinions of them.
The story of my childhood is strange. I have CPTSD from my experiences but I have never met anyone who has a similar story and was wondering if anyone out there could relate. I know this is common of many abuse survivors, but it wasn't until I talked to a therapist in my mid 20s that I even realized that what I experienced could even be considered abuse.I grew up with a family that looked totally normal on the outside. My dad worked all the time and pretty much was never around, but we never wanted for anything. My mom was a SAHM. I was the oldest and had two younger sisters. "Jenny" was 2 years younger than me and "Violet" was 6 years younger.Jenny had behavior problems from a very young age, but she was also incredibly smart. I feel like I remember my mom saying her IQ was somewhere around 170. The problem with her is that while she was very intelligent, she couldn't control herself. She would fly into violent rages at with no provocation. We would play together and suddenly she would be screaming at me and slapping, kicking, and biting me. As if being attacked wasn't bad enough, I was never allowed to defend myself, nor would my parents protect me from her in any way. In fact, every time my sister beat me up (and I would have teeth marks, bruises, cuts to show for it) my mom would yell at me and tell me that I was supposed to be the "responsible older sister" and that "it doesn't hurt because she's younger than you." It's true that sometimes I would try and hit her back but when that happened I was punished so intensely that I just started trying to hold her hands to keep her from hitting me more. That was also unacceptable, because when I held Jenny's hands she would start screaming and crying (the crying she could do at the drop of a hat, whether she was actually upset or hurt or not) and my mom would punish me. I would try to explain that I was trying to keep myself from getting hurt but my mom would always say she didn't care who started it - it was my fault because I was older and therefore I was the one who was in trouble. Jenny literally never got punished for anything ever. I was too young to handle that kind of responsibility. There was nothing I could do to predict my sister's behavior, nothing I could do to control it, but my mom expected me to figure it out even though my parents had no idea what to do either. The weight of that responsibility crushed me. I internalized that if I just behaved perfectly enough, I could stay safe, but I always failed somehow. I started to hate myself deeply and began self-harming at the age of 7.As Jenny got older, she started to get more manipulative and actively sought out ways to get me in trouble. She liked to see my mom punishing me, I think, it's the only explanation. One time she even rubbed her hands on her neck until it got really red and then told my mom that I had choked her. My mom was furious -- but I honestly don't even remember this happening, I blocked it out. The only reason I know it happened is because my cousin (who I am still close with) was there and saw it all happen and remembered. Of course my parents and aunts and uncles all believed Jenny (because what kid would lie about that?) and all proceeded to tell me what a horrible person I was and I was banned from participating in any family fun for the duration of the trip. I spent a lot of time in forced isolation as a kid, being told I was a bad person, that I didn't deserve to be with the rest of the family. Meanwhile Jenny, who behaved horribly but usually when people were looking the other way, was showered with all kinds of attention and affection.This kind of stuff just kept happening. I kept getting beaten, and Jenny kept finding new schemes to get me in trouble. I was constantly being punished, and Jenny was never punished for anything. She even stared doing stuff in front of my mom instead of when she was distracted and STILL I was the one who was punished because I was supposed to be "in control" or the situation somehow. I remember being in middle school and seeing this movie called "The Whipping Boy" about a Prince who couldn't be harmed physically so when he did something bad they would haul out this lower-class kid and whip him instead as punishment for the Prince. I remember thinking that was me - I was Jenny's whipping boy, because my mom refused to ever discipline her. Instead when Jenny did something wrong, it was my fault.Because of this dynamic I was pretty much labeled the "bad kid." I remember overhearing my family members discuss me while I was being forced to sit alone, again, for something Jenny had done to hurt me, and them saying things like "I can't believe her. What is her problem? Why is she so messed up?" There was nothing I could do to prevent the abuse. Literally just walking into a room could send Jenny flying off the handle. My parents eventually took her to psychiatrist because she stopped being able to function well in school, but when they started telling my mom there was something severely wrong with my sister she stopped bringing her. She pulled her out of school and just did everything for her and Jenny stopped being functional in any way.Eventually I grew up and moved out and Jenny didn't have her outlet for her anger anymore, so she turned on my mom and Violet (my youngest sister). All of a sudden everyone was really concerned. They couldn't believe how bad it had "gotten." The things they were experiencing newly were things that I had endured my whole life and suddenly, now that it was happening to someone else, they cared. It just really drove home how little I meant to them. I mean, I know Jenny being a full-sized person does make her much more dangerous than when she was a kid. But when she was small I was small too, and being beaten up still hurt, even though my mom insisted that it didn't.My last ditch attempt at reconciliation was while I was planning my wedding. I was asking Violet and my cousin to be bridesmaids so I figured I should ask Jenny too. I was worried though, because I had no idea if she could behave herself. I sat her and my mom down and told her that I wanted her to be a bridesmaid but that there were two conditions 1) she had to be on time and that if she was late we weren't going to hold up the wedding for her, and 2) if she felt that being in front of everyone was too much pressure that was fine, but she just had to let me know ahead of time so I could make other arrangements. While I was trying to explain this to her Jenny went off and started screaming at me, basically yelling at me because I dared to ask her to be on time. She started bringing up all the times I did fucked up stuff as a teenager (drugs, etc) to prove that I was a horrible person and that I had no right to...ask someone to be on time, or to not participate in something that might make them freak out. At that point I had enough. I had run out of sympathy...I know she has lots of psychological issues, but enough is enough. I told her that if she couldn't even respect me enough to hear me out about my wishes than she didn't have to be in the wedding - that she was still welcome to attend, but that she clearly didn't want to be a bridesmaid if she couldn't even think about being on time for the ceremony without getting furious. She decided she didn't want to come to the wedding at all. That was actually the last time I spoke to her, about 4 years ago. I have been NC since.After that conversation my mom pulled me aside. I thought she was going to apologize on behalf of Jenny. Nope. She told me that what I said/did in that conversation was "one of the worst things she's ever seen" and that she knew I had just orchestrated the entire thing to "humiliate her and put her down" that I had never actually wanted to try and mend fences and have her in my wedding and I asked her just to make her upset. She told me I was being a "bridezilla" and that she had to stay up all night with Jenny comforting her after I had been so cruel. The thing that sucks the most is that I really did want to try and make things better. I thought offering that honor would maybe make us have some semblance of a relationship, but when I told other people in my extended family about my plans they told me it was a terrible idea and that if I was going to do it I needed to lay down ground rules first.After my mom accused me of that I just lost it and left immediately. As much as it sucked, at least this conversation was a realization for me, though, because it made clear to my adult self the way that my mom always thought of me as a child. Basically that I was a terrible person who just wanted to hurt people because I wanted to protect myself and have boundaries respected.I still have a relationship with my parents and Violet even though I don't speak to Jenny anymore. Violet got abused by Jenny pretty badly and had to leave home at 17 to get out of the situation, so we are actually pretty close because we share the bond of feeling like our parents didn't protect us. My parents I speak to maybe once every couple weeks, sometimes only once a month. I visit them occasionally, but our relationship is totally fake. I don't really let them see the real me and I keep them at arm's length so they can't hurt me anymore.Anyway, there was a lot of other stuff that happened but I feel like this post is getting long. Thank you for reading. 
this company i work for has a "open door" policy and encourages people to be open with each other (as long as it is constructive) and management.so there is one guy at work that i began to dislike long before i broke up with my emotionally, mentally and physically abusive ex. I even mentioned to my ex that he reminded me of him a bit but that my co-worker was the real asshole (i thought they were the same tbh).Anyways, about a week or two ago, he began this dialogue which turned into a polite argument about job assignments but he was manipulating the conversation to get the answers from me that he wanted. I instinctively knew what he was doing but played dumb because a lot of people were around.[this is a reddit post](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/490q8j/what_is_a_story_you_would_like_to_share/d0vqpw0) about what happened a few days after it occurred.I don't even know how to act around him. I see him and I keep walking. The company has this "positive" environment it tries to maintain so over the months, even after he's said things under his breath about me (when no one else was around) or he acted up, he'd still say hi. Other times, he just keeps on walking.I talked to one of the main managers about my situation and he seemed unsure and said "what do you want me to do?" when I told him I had a protection order out and to tell managers to not allow any phone calls in my direction. it was a very "wtf do u want me to do with this?!" kind of thing.so my question is, what do i do? he works in a different department but honestly seeing him and sometimes being around him is a bit triggering. And I feel like i'm being overly sensitive if I say anything to management.What do I do? How can I manage day to day? Anyone been in a similar situation?
I'm not sure what I'm expecting. It is maybe a tell tale sign of my generation that instead of leaving my house and doing the in-person work to help sort this out, I'm turning to strangers on the Internet. I really don't know what else to do though, I've reached my breaking point. I'm from a small place and a normal appearing family. My fatal flaw was always wanting to do whatever I had to to live up to other people's expectations. My mother was verbally abusive to me and physically and verbally abusive to my younger sister. I left home at 17 thinking I could make things right for myself but of course, I was 17. I feel like this walking snowball effect of traumas, I don't even know where to begin or how to summarize but maybe just getting this off my chest will help me start to breakthrough this instead of waking up everyday feeling like I'm drowning in my otherwise happy life. I've been through the bullshit, I've made better choices for years now, but I've done it all without acknowledging or processing what happened and now I can't seem to move past anything without my heart being torn away.I was young and engaged to a man who raped me, repeatedly for almost 2 years. He hid my contraception and raped me toward the end of our relationship and I got pregnant, he even admitted to deliberately attempting this, and I miscarried all on my own, too afraid of what was happening to seek any help. I threw him out after things escalated (he hit me when I didn't pick my books up off the floor to take a break from studying and was doing the dishes), though it took me days to  work up the nerve and I had started seeing a councillor at school who was talking me through it. It didn't seem abnormal until he hit me. I thought people were generally cruel and I accepted his behaviour because after vicious arguments he would apologize to me, instead of the impenetrable denial of events I grew up with. I went through councilling for almost a year with this same councillor and while it was very helpful, I was never very open or honest (I didn't lie, I just left a lot out) and I was always a little uncomfortable around this old man I was supposed to be pouring my heart out to. I sought other councilling but was told by the woman at the women's trauma centre that the abuse I received and the reason my mom had cancer was because I didn't have enough faith in God or love him the right way. My first job out of school, my very first real job in my field (a miracle, right?) I'm working at a remote, inescapable location and I get harassed, sexually assaulted, and have an authority figure make an attempt on my life. I plead with my boss for help/extraction. He screams at me (over the phone) to suck it up and get back to work. All the 'safety checks' and support people fail me miserably and I wind up in the darkest, thickest box my mind can conjure. I finish my contract and hide in a place I've never been with people I barely know for too long, unemployed and afraid of cooperating with people I know are working as hard at building a case against me as for me. I don't cooperate with the legal system, I hide from it.So obviously here's where my riskier behaviours come out. I don't care about anything, I'm living large and back at work like nothing's happened and nothing is going to get the best of me. All my feelings shoved down and away so they don't bother anyone else. My Mom gets diagnosed with metastatic cancer, I fly home to see her, my grandmother dies from complications from a routine biopsy while I'm there. Back I go to the land I was hiding in. After realizing I was hitting a massive wall I head back to my original job to take it on again. I went back with all the aggression I could muster thinking that somehow it would make it better. I switched companies but it was the same job in the same industry and it felt good to kick ass at something for a couple years, but I think I knew I was just hiding, and my mom wasn't doing any better, I started looking for change. I went back to school close to home because we were all expecting my mom to die. 3 weeks into the program 4 of the people in my very small class are in a car wreck and 2 of them die. One of the dead and I had become incredibly close in those short 3 weeks. He was instantly like family. I still grieve his loss. I graduated at the end of that school year and took off for the other side of the world. The year had only served to drive a wedge between my family and I. I had started drinking really heavily every chance I got and was smoking. That ranks high on their list of reasons to give up on people. When I got out of school again I  landed a job at a terribly incompetent company who seemed to be trying harder to kill their employees more than accomplish anything else. My first away mission with them ended it the boat I was on sinking, immediately after I informed them their actions were about to amount to that outcome, but what do I know since I have a female brain? My next away mission I'm sexually assaulted in the middle of the night in my room at the bed and breakfast they put us in, by the owner's nephew. That was 6 years ago. I'm numb or been seeking to become numb ever since. I'm married now to a very loving man but my heart is so guarded I feel like I'm cheating him out of a better relationship with a better version of me. I'm so guarded and angry and my mom is still dying and also taking care of her very ill mother. We've since moved back to be closer to them but over a year ago now my allergies (which id been ignoring all my life, you know, so I didn't cause problems for anyone) became so extreme that I can't go out in public safely because I react through my skin now, up to anaphylactic shock sometimes, if I come into contact with my primary allergen, which is everywhere. So I moved home and I can't even go to see my relatives, doctors offices are dangerous even, and I've been waiting 12 months to see a specialist who still hasn't scheduled an appointment for me. So I'm unemployed without possibility of assistance because I'm not officially diagnosed with anything yet. It's all too much. Like I said, I don't know what I'm expecting. I thought if there was a place to find someone with some helpful insight I'm as likely to find it here as anywhere else.
I don't know where else to ask, so I guess here's as good a place as any, right? So, early 2013 - I was a ten year old, and my whole life revolved around the computer. I didn't have many friends, and I didn't go outside or anything. One day, I got on this chat for a video game I played quite a lot at the time, and there was this guy there. The prospect of him being an adult didn't scare me - in fact, I found adults easier to talk to than kids my own age, because kids my own age seemed too dumb, or some petty reason like that. We'll call this guy Bob. As a ten year old I was pretty open about things, which I think made me an easier target.Bob started "grooming" me, as they call it. At the time there were some problems in the family, which also probably made me an easier target. He acted like my friend, acted like he understood everything, was always there to talk to, played my favorite games with me, etc. He was able to talk me into being a "relationship" with him. I was so stupid, and I hate my past self for it. I wish time machines existed for this exact reason, so I could go and undo this; I accepted. Bob did the following things:-Introduced me to porn-Talked me into sending him nudes -Introduced me to and talked me into cybersex (It was basically giving him blowjobs through text. I bet he jerked off while I was talking, too.)One night I broke it off, because there was a nagging feeling that something was really wrong here, why would a 22 year old want to see a ten year old naked. Two years passed. It's late 2015. I didn't tell anybody, because I didn't think anything was wrong. It started nagging at me. I felt extremely guilty about keeping something like that from my family. I told my mother about it (who went on to tell my grandmother, aunt, siblings and father, which was extremely embarrassing for me, and made me feel more guilty and ashamed), and we filed a report on some random police site to catch online pedophiles online... but I still don't feel right. When I'm by myself, I'll start thinking about it, and I feel very guilty and upset. He gets off scot-free because I have no evidence, no chat logs, the pictures I took are long gone and the camera I used is dead now. I probably deleted the pictures from that camera, too, come to think of it.I don't know how to get over this. I feel as if I care too much something that happened almost three years ago. I can't change it, I can't go back and tell my past self "no, stop this, you're going to regret this otherwise". If someone, anyone, has any advice to offer so that maybe I can sleep a bit better at night, I would be very, very grateful.
(This is my new alternate for my counseling-type needs. My original was compromised by someone not long ago.)Long, long story given the cliffnotes- I am almost 21 now, and my entire childhood, from birth to the age of (16, I think? It's all fuzzy.) when I was finally officially removed from any parental visitation requirements, a year after my parents got a divorce.On the rare occasions my father was home from work, his eyes were glued to the TV, (even after he won custody when I was about 16, like I mentioned.)  and he was great at pretending he had no idea I was being physically attacked constantly by my slightly younger siblings, as they carried on the abuse they learned from my mother, on me. And while I hate to say it- I bet I do have "dad issues." I don't want a mother, but damn, do I crave a fatherly protector. But not *him*. I can't stand being in the same room as him.You know those fantasies we often have, of situations that will never happen? Sometimes in the shower, or to ponder as we try to drift off to sleep? Mine are centred around being defended by a male figure. I almost *want* something awful to happen just one more time, so someone new might step in in this imaginary situation.  Any given older male I've identified as a good guy, from a favourite TV show, for example. Someone imperfect, but notices the issue, and stops it. Just once. So yeah, needless to say, I feel pretty broken psychologically. I haven't lived with my father or siblings for around 6 years, I was taken in by a set of grandparents. They remain willfully ignorant of what I told them my family had done to me- but hey, it's a safe place to sleep. Anyway- everything I know, I taught myself. I was never part of  anything. My grades always sucked, I never did clubs, because it wasn't allowed, for the reason of nobody caring enough to take me, or the risk involved in socialising, because of the symptoms of abuse. There is one guy, an uncle of sorts, who has slowly gleaned details of my situation, and made an effort to cautiously offer me parental-type advice, because he doesn't want to be creepy either. He's unmarried, and childless, but would've been the type to have that if things worked out that way for him. He has actually made visible effort to protect me from harassment, and has often told off my father for being a terrible person. It doesn't seem forced or fake when we chat, and I can't lie, hearing from others that he defended me felt damn good. I'm tired of fantasizing, but I need to, almost. What would my life have been like if someone helped me? I'm sad afterward sometimes, but feel good during. I know it's fake, but, it's all I got. So, what about any of you? Do you think it's bad to wish for that so hard? I don't want to be creepy, or awkward, so I take relationships for what they are. I'll never be that weirdo kid who clings to another adult just because they were never loved. 
I wrote this about him and it was incredibly therapeutic. I thought I would share it with you all. Here is the poem:Tonight I wrote with my eyes closed and decided to let the words flow out of me from deep within my soul.I thought about the fact that when I used to lay next to you in the darkest hours of the night you appeared illuminated. You fascinated me. Everything about you, from the tiny scars on your stomach, to your secret little smile hiding behind your eyes. I used to think you were such an amazing human being, that the world was so lucky to have you in itAnd with you gone from my life, I realized the light I saw in you was the light within me that I saw reflecting off of you. I realized that I am, I was, I will be special, even on the days you made me feel like I wasn’t.I realized that every time you laughed at me and made me feel worthless that you were intimidated by my glow and you tried to extinguish it.  I realized how radiant I am, how unforgettable I am, how many lives I have, I will, change. I realized how much I love unconditionally, how worthy I am of that love in return.I realized how sorry I feel for you. Because I don’t think you’re okay, I don’t think you were okay, I don’t think you will be okay. I realized how much I still love you, despite knowing this. And I realized that in order to love myself, I have to walk away from you. Not for now, not for a little while, but for always.
Yesterday I had a really rough therapy session. I dealt with a lot of the abuse and ugliness I was dealt by my parents as a child and how it led me into bad relationships that have left me with PTSD. My therapist took the focus of the PTSD off the relationships and put it onto my parents in my early life. I left and cried all night. I thought I had gotten it all out with the help of my supportive husband. I didn't. I had nightmares all night, including one really inappropriate sex dream about my therapist. I'm really foggy, disoriented and confused this morning and depression is setting in. I feel broken, damaged and just tired. I'm not sure how to cope anymore and I feel like all my illusions that have held me together up to now are crumbling and I just don't know how to move forward anymore. It's getting pretty dark over here. Can someone help me calm down? 
These past seven months have been very difficult for me, as I’ve struggled to cope with surviving nearly nine years of sustained intimate partner violence that covered the entire range of abuse.   It has been painful for me to process through these feelings, made more difficult as I tried to find support. Just getting friends and family to believe me has been challenging.  At first no one believed me or really cared to listen about what I had survived and of the few people that listened me, several suggested that I must have done something to bring it upon myself or that I had imagined it since my abuser was a good caring person and could not have done those things, after while I just didn’t know what to do.In an effort to find help and support I reached out to numerous groups either through email or their online websites and any organization I could find.  Some days it felt like I was drowning as I looked for help.  No one seemed to want to acknowledge that it was possible for men to experience abuse in an intimate relationship and if they did no one wanted to discuss it.  This was further complicated because my abuser was a female. In this process towards healing I have discovered that there is not much out there in the way of support or help for individuals in my situation when domestic abuse is adult to adult and the abuser is a female.  The entire time my abuser kept promising to get better and get help for her behavior. After every incident would go back to being the woman I fell in love with and things would be good for a while.   When we were alone she would admit that she knew that what she was doing was wrong, but she would always say that if I ever told anyone, no one would believe me.  She would just blame me and say that I was the abuser and I'd lose my job, my daughter and everything.  So I kept quiet but every day was a struggle to keep it bottled up, to keep from curling up in a ball and hiding from the world. I felt trapped. The implied threats, of losing my clearance, my job, my daughter and not being believed has kept me from seeking help until now. Although she started a new relationship, she has repeatedly tried to contact me despite all my efforts to block her.  I finally had to tell my family and friends to insure that she couldn’t relay messages through them. Then she started showing up places we used to go to when she knew I was there so I avoid those places now.  I am currently receiving counseling and it is helping but no one seems to quite know what to do with me partner since the abuser was female.  There are no groups or organizations that focus on this and it has been very frustrating to deal with it all and it seems like I keep having to jump hoops to get help.I'm still working towards healing but wanted to know if anyone else had similar experiences and/or suggestions.  Thanks
I'd like to ask if you could give us any help. Someone close to us found out this year that her teenage son was raped by his father a few years back while on visitation. She found out, as is often the case, after a few years of uncharacteristically rebellious and aggressive  behavior from this sweet and responsible boy. She did the right thing and went to the authorities. After months of investigation, the state where it happened told her they wouldn't proceed because of "lack of physical evidence" our state, and the law enforcement who interviewed them said if it had happened here that they would go after him. Here is my question: She wants to know how to break it to him that justice won't be done. That he will still be out there. A side point. She cannot afford therapy and the dirt bag father is in, I guess,  an alcohol halfway house so no child support. He is 30k behind. The most she could hope for is a portion of his disability $. She said her son won't talk to anyone about this anyway... my thought is that they haven't seen the right professionals!Thanks in advance for any words of wisdom and support for this little family that we love. Edit: Thank you for your insightful comments-I've forwarded them on to her.
Summary: I've only recently started to understand that the extremely sexual fandom culture I was involved in from my early teens was very very bad for me. I don't know what to call my experiences and I don't really know how to cope with what they've turned me into.[CONTENT: child sexual abuse(???), age-difference relationship, talk of rape / incest / age differences in context of fandom and ships, talk of present adult sexual relationship which is relevant but possibly TMI and definitely NSFW]When I was twelve the Nintendo Wii came out. My family bought one for Christmas that year and I was excited because I'd never had any sort of gaming system before. Sure, I played video games at friends' houses sometimes, and there were PC games, but I'd never had a console or even a handheld. My specific Christmas gift was a very story-based game that I ended up loving.The thing is, even as a child I was allowed pretty unrestricted access to the internet (there were MANY sites I signed up for where I lied about my birth year). And so when I went looking for stuff about that game, I found fanfiction. Adult fanfiction. I read it, obviously. I didn't understand it very well I think but it was the Forbidden R-Rated Fruit. I was mature for my age, or so everyone had always said, so reading this sort of thing was okay. Right? (No.) As best as I remember I mostly read generic yaoi which tended to involve dubious consent at the absolute best of times.I started getting more interested in roleplaying, and around this time I was on Gaia, and Kingdom Hearts was a big thing, so even though I knew basically nothing about it I joined a roleplay sometime in summer 2007. It was very casual, very joking, and everyone was older than me. There are two people who are important here:-- J, around sixteen years old; I liked her and considered her a friend, and never really felt like there was a Big Age Gap-- F, somewhere between 18 and 20; I wanted badly to impress her, and definitely felt Young compared to her-- All of us identified as cis girls at the time as far as I know, and all of us roleplayed as cis male characters, because Yaoi FangirlsThere was always romantic stuff happening in the thread -- who's gonna get with who, that sort of thing. My character ended up getting close to F's, close enough that we took it to private messages, and I was pressured into roleplaying sexual stuff. I don't think our characters ever actually had sex but everything that went down in PMs was explicitly sexual in nature and I definitely remember being uncomfortable with it. There was at least one time, weirdly vivid in my memory, where I had no idea where to go with a scene and I was embarrassed and not really liking the RP, and after a couple days of avoidance F messaged me something to the effect of "are you going to reply or what?", which stressed me out even more.I turned thirteen in the fall of that year and said so on my birthday in the RP thread. Everyone told me I acted so much older, they'd thought I was sixteen or seventeen, that I was such a good writer. I thought it was a good thing to be praised like that. I'm reasonably certain that F knew before this point how young I was, and even if she didn't, once she found out she never tried to make amends or change how we interacted. I don't remember when we stopped roleplaying over PM, but I think it was only because her schoolwork picked up.In late 2007, I think around Christmas, I confessed my feelings to J. I'd figured out that I was bisexual and that I had a huge crush on this girl, and I thought she was my First and True Love, because I was thirteen. She was three or four years older but I'd been convinced that 'age is just a number' so I thought it was fine, and she obviously did as well because we started dating. I think we may have roleplayed sexual stuff, but I don't remember for sure. It lasted less than half a year. (She decided she 'needed a break' from being in a relationship, and then she ended up starting to date someone else without ever officially breaking up with me. I was heartbroken.)Throughout all of this I was participating in very sexual fandom culture -- reading fic, reading very explicit doujin, looking at fanart, roleplaying, I think at one point I wrote a non-explicit sexual fic at F's suggestion. A lot of stuff was normalized for me by fandom and fanfic. Dubious consent was a theme in a lot of what I read, and it was always treated as okay, because the victim ended up liking it. Flat-out rape was okay too, because again, the victim would end up liking it. Adult/minor relationships and incestuous relationships seemed A-OK to me, as long as they were consenting (eventually).I'm 21 now. I've only started really working through these ingrained fandom ideas and understanding how harmful they really are in the last couple years, but it hasn't been until recently that I've realized that the things that happened to me specifically were kind of fucked up, and that they may have fucked me up.I want sexual attention and validation pretty much constantly, and despite knowing that my attention-begging stresses out my partner (and that as a full-time student she can't pay attention to me at all times!) I can't... really stop myself from doing it, unless I can distract myself with reading or gaming. It's like the attention doesn't MATTER unless it's sexual in nature and I hate that I can only really enjoy sex about half the time. (Recently, I've been feeling incredibly guilty for 'being so demanding' pretty much every time, but I still can't stop wanting it.)I don't know what to call myself, because all of this happened online, and I thought I was in control for a lot of it, and I chose to immerse myself in that side of fandom... but I did it mostly because it was Cool and Forbidden. No one ever explicitly told me I shouldn't be reading and writing porn at the age of 13, they praised me for my maturity instead. I'm bitter about fandom cultures enabling this sort of thing and normalizing the idea of Positive Abusive Relationships, and troubled by the idea that there are probably young teens who even now are on a path like mine.I keep doubting myself though, and feeling like this wasn't severe enough for me to call myself a CSA victim, or any kind of victim, and my brain follows this up with "if you're not a victim then your current problems are just inherent shortcomings and you're a terrible person", because my brain will take any excuse to try and convince me I'm a terrible person (it's unfortunately very good at it).I mostly just want validation that these were Bad Things that happened to me, I guess, and that they're not less bad because they happened online or because I thought I was in control. Thanks.
**background**A psychiatrist explained that people who have grown up in abusive situations have their brain mature with the idea that this is normal. So as an adult, they seek out these situations to recreate their past misery subconsciously on purpose. I'm one of those people. I grew up there and recreated my misery with chilling accuracy. Recently, I took control of my life and cleaned up my mess. It's been four months since.**present**I'm happy it's over, but I feel restless and unfulfilled. I feel I should be happy, but I'm not happy ; I'm not sad, either. I feel like I don't know what to do with myself now that the abuse component that ate up all my time is over. I feel like my fundamental problem is I don't know how to be happy, I don't know what to do. I'm not depressed. Where do I go from here?
-Takes deep breath- Ok, so. I've told a few people about this: my husband, a few friends, and eventually my parents. I'll probably post those stories separately. I've never really gone into detail before and I'll try to keep it at a minimum, as well as keep the story as short as I can. I guess I just need to get it off my chest around people who can relate. I'm genderqueer, but fembodied, just for context.TL;DR for those who don't/can't read the story: I was molested and raped by my only friend from ages 7-10, when I finally realized what was happening and cut all contact.So, between ages 7-10, I was molested by my only friend. He was a few years older than me, but we got along and our mothers and my stepfather got along. We didn't live in the BEST of areas, though it wasn't the worst, either, and I really didn't have many friends.When it started, it was what a few people have called "childhood curiosity". Basically, I'll show you mine, you show me yours. I was immediately uncomfortable when he dragged me to the bathroom, then started crying when he grabbed me by my hair and told me to "kiss it". I was scared. He was a lot bigger than me. So I did, then immediately went home, feeling sick. I told my mom we had a fight, since I didn't know how else to describe it. It continued over the years. We played "games" that were basically excuses for him to hump me through clothing to "make babies". Again, he was a lot bigger than me and he was my only friend. This is the boy who let me have the first controller when we played Mario, even though the console was his. He gave me the last Hot Pocket. He told me it was just a game and that I was being a baby and if I didn't do it, we couldn't be friends anymore. He told me he wanted to marry me one day and this is what married people did.By the time I turned 10, I started truly realizing how bad he was. One day, I saw him drawing a picture that he found on his computer. I thought it looked odd. It was anime style and I loved anime, but something was wrong. It looked familiar in a weird way.Me: What's wrong with her? Why are her panties down? Why is she crying?Him: She just got raped.I felt myself go cold. I realized she looked like me and now I had a name for it. I finally connected the dots: Stranger Danger classes had taught me that adults could kidnap and rape me. I had to be careful around strangers. Don't trust strange men. No one ever told me my friend could do it. I went into denial. He never took my underwear off. I cried, but that's because I was a baby, right? We always wore clothes. He never hurt me too bad. He never left bruises. He made me touch him and he touched me, but aside from that one time when I was 7, he never made me get undressed. I clammed up and never brought it back up. He told me if I told his mom about the picture he'd be mad. He wouldn't be my friend anymore. Then, a few weeks later it all came to a head. He asked me to get undressed. I asked why? He said he wanted to have sex. I immediately started to panic. The only thing I knew about sex was rape. Which I was convinced he'd never done.  I told him no. I backed up to the edge of his bedroom and curled up on the floor while he begged me. I cried and told him no, again and again. He got so mad. He grabbed my arm and left a bruise.Then he got really sweet, just like that. It was a complete 180. He asked if we could do it through clothes. Like we'd done before. I reluctantly said ok. That was ok, right? When we did that it was a game. I didn't want him mad at me anymore. He laid me on my back, which confused me because he was usually behind me, and started rutting against me like he always had. I closed my eyes and turned my head away. I'd just let him do what he wanted, then we could play Super Smash Brothers. I didn't notice him push his pants down. I didn't notice him push my panties aside under my skirt. All of a sudden, something was inside me. I started to freak out, but he held me down. He told me if I screamed I'd get in trouble. He said he'd hurt me, his mom would hurt me, and my parents would be mad. I don't know how long it went on. When he was done, he told me to go to the bathroom, then come back so we could go to bed. I did what I was told and slept beside him that night like I always did. The next day, I went home and never talked to him again. I told my mom we had a fight and I didn't want to be his friend anymore.He scared me that night. He did things I knew were bad. I couldn't pass that off as a game. That was a bad thing. He did to me what happened to the girl in the picture. I blocked out the memories for years. It wasn't until I was 14 that it all came back, but that's another story for, possibly, another group as it involves mental illness.
Title is dramatic but dunno how else to say it.Throwaway account for all the reasons.I thought I could write something eloquent and good reading but trying to type it out made everything come up again and all I can manage is a TL;DR thing and hope some kind soul will make sense of what I'm saying.We're a couple. Both survivors of abuse. Both early twenties. Incredible connection, deep love, etc etc. Am the only one he's ever openly and honestly told about his horrific past. Thought it was physical and psychological abuse only. Just learned it was brutally sexual too. Dunno if he told anyone else. Final straw for me. Heart hurts so bad for him. Cannot fathom the pain he's been through. Cannot cope. Am overwhelmed. He doesn't trust anyone else. He sure as hell won't talk to anyone else. Therapy doesn't work. I don't know what to do, I am his only emotional support. Please. Any ideas? How do I talk to him? Am I right not to prod for more info and let him tell me in his own time? Anything helps. Maintaining control and normalcy for him but in reality I'm close to losing it.Thank you all in advance if any of you bother, I know post makes zero sense but I literally couldn't do any better. I'm just one person lost in a sea of someone else's pain and I am not bailing on him but I really need a boat.
I was in a 5 year relationship that was emotionally/mentally, financially, and starting to border on physically abusive. I broke up with my ex in June 2014. Multiple people, including at least two licensed individuals (one who has had counseling sessions with him and one who has not), have stated he’d fall into the ASPD category.  I managed to get myself back on track financially and improve emotionally a great deal within the first year of the breakup, though it was a brutal process.  I still experience things like nightmares and find certain things make me jumpy, but overall I am much better and can calm myself down when in such situations. It is like night and day. I am largely happy and content. However, it has become more and more apparent that there is a problem that I am not sure how to handle. I find myself internally (and a few times externally) fighting against the notion that people actually care and aren’t just trying to pull one over on me. The base reasoning for this seems to be that my ex seemed to care, but in reality he never actually did and I was more a means to an end or a toy for him to manipulate. It is a huge mindfuck to have someone trick you into thinking he loves you when he isn’t actually capable. I’m not really sure how to deal with that. It really screwed up my sense of trust and my sense of worth. It puts me on edge and I don't like how it impacts how I relate to others.  There are things I can point to where others show they actually do value me and are not trying to play with my head, so I try to use these examples to reinforce the fact that I am thinking illogically when I find myself questioning or doubting. It helps, but at times this doesn’t really work and I don’t want to constantly ask for reassurance from others or have to rely on that reassurance. I am curious if anyone else has experienced something similar and, if so, how they handled it. Any advice or stories are appreciated. TL;DR - ASPD ex fucked with my ability to trust others and now I struggle with the idea the people actual care. Any similar stories or tips on how to deal with this? Cross-post in r/narcissisticabuse
There's a man that would babysit me when my mom wanted to go party or to spend some "alone time" with her boyfriend. I was 9 years old, and I looked up to this guy a lot. He was fun, he was nice, he gave me lots of treats, and even gave me a diary with a lock. I always wanted to go to his house, so my mom took me there a lot.However, one day I noticed that when I would change clothes in the bedroom, he'd be sneaking peeks."Don't look at me when I'm changing" I said."Okay."I never call him by his real name even when I'm talking to friends. I don't like saying his name. I just call him "HIM" or "The Bad Man" or "The Man from Mayfield".After that, The Bad Man started getting more and more creepy. I used to love carrying around a video camera and doing interviews and such. Here's an example of one of them:Me: What's your favorite book?TBM: Playboy (heheh)Everybody laughed at this, but nobody stopped to think about how this is *highly* inappropriate to say to a 9 year old.Later on, he started giving me red candy. They looked like cough drops but sometimes I think they had something in it. I'm not sure. Things get pretty blurred at this point. I remember looking at the bag, just a clear bag with all of these in it, with cherries on the yellow logo, normal font, nothing that seemed too serious. I just think about it and cringe for some reason, and I can never put my finger on why. I also never saw him eat one.Every once in a while, I started noticing his penis sticking out the bottom of his shorts. When he saw my disgusted and confused face, he would just look at me and say "That just happens to boys when they're excited." Being the little girl I was, I took this in the most innocent way possible.One day, I'm wearing tight-ish pink, soft pants. Kinda like those workout pants, not like leggings or anything. They were fuzzy, I really liked those pants, I remember them exactly, because of this incident.He turns to me, lays me down, and pulls down my pants. He tells me that I "have a very beautiful vagina" and asks me if he could "kiss it". I said yes, since I was usually beaten by my mother for disobeying, and was too scared to say no in fear of what this man might do. All I remember after this is his head going down. I went black after this.Eventually he would make me sleep naked with him in his bed and read Playboy with him, while he occasionally pointed to a girl's vagina and would say "your vagina is much more beautiful than hers" every time. This continued for I have no idea how long. I eventually started masturbating, mostly with a faucet as he taught me how. I became reserved, no longer wishing to see him, but having to anyways. My mother eventually noticed, and one day while she was driving, stopped, looked at me, and started yelling at me:"WHAT DID HE DO TO YOU?? TELL ME RIGHT NOW!!"Of course being scared that I was in trouble, I just said, "Nothing" while sobbing.This next part is where it stopped. I have *absolutely no idea* where I got this from, where I learned the word, probably from him, again, this is fuzzy, but I remember this part more clear than anything else in my life.One day, we were alone, and I turned to him, and said,"No more sexual things, please."TBM replied with, "Okay, but just remember, you helped."That planted a fear into my brain and I was scared to tell anyone. It was exactly a week before my birthday. I remember this because I spent my birthday stuck on this.I was able to repress this for years, convince myself it was all a dream, until I saw him again when I was 12/13. Then the realness all came flooding back. I was scared, I was shaking. I can't think of him or the events again without feeling terror. It's so hard for me to trust men, and I've become very cruel to most men that try to get close to me because of this. I don't believe in discrimination of any kind, and I realize that a lot of the boys I've been cruel to were just trying to be nice and actually cared about me, but I can't control it, and I feel so shitty for it. It's very rare that I let a man close to me.I can't ever fully enjoy my birthday now.I didn't tell anybody until I was 15.I found out last year that he's related to me by blood. I don't know how, I don't want to ask. I wish I still thought he was just a family friend.This part of my life has taught me, you never know who you can trust. I'm in fear of even my own father. I've been diagnosed with PTSD, and although I'm currently untreated, I'm to be going back to therapy very soon.I wish I would have told somebody. He's still out there, and who knows what he's done. I understand that I was a frightened child, but I still feel guilty every day.
I was 16 when it happened, My folks used to sell antiques and they specialised in oil lamps, they found a town not far away that had a few good antique shops that sell lampsMy parents made friends with one of the shop keepers and became good customers, Little did we know he had a dark secret.........At first things where friendly and he would give me gifts he brought back from France One day I was there and his wife was there and he came out and said that his wife didn't like him having friends and asked me to come back later. At the time it seemed innocent.... But now I understand the real reason she didn't want him near young peopleOne day I was standing there and one moment he was handing me sweets the next he forcefully grabbed my hands and placed them to a place where I didn't want my hands to goI felt dirty, confused, I ran out of there and ran to go wash my hands in the cafe down the street. Weeks passed and I didn't return, until I had to return because parents wanted more lamps.I didn't go in to the shop I remained outside but he came out and he said sorry and that he wouldn't do it again, he shoved money in my hand and then asked if I was mad and if I would ever harm him(Who would ask someone that?)Time passes, he didn't do it for a while but what he tried on next was far worse.Months pass I find excuses to never go back to the town againNot long later I heard from my parents that he was arrested for doing bad things to children. I went to the Police and told them of my ordeal and they where like "Meh, he has already been arrested and charged, what will your story add?"I never felt so mortified in all my life, It's only recently Iv been able to return back to the town or talk openly about what went on.If I knew what I knew now I feel confident that would have repeatedly punched him in the face.When I grew up I was innocent and was oblivious to what people are capable of and I guess that was when I started to lose trust in people. I do find it hard to trust people now, thinking about what he did to me was bad enough but what makes me sick to my stomach is knowing that he did far worse to people that where not so luckyThis all took part in a little town in Sussex,Uk Called Rye
This is long, so I am sorry. I just want to get it out. I recently got married, my husband is everything I've ever wanted. He will never hurt me. But I'm worried because it seems like now that things are going great, all the things I've experienced are rushing to the surface. A lot of things I've just been in denial of I suppose. I started looking back on my childhood and realized that my parents really neglected me. They worked a lot, didn't pay attention to me, so I ended up staying in the car all day, or at home alone. One time I pulled the brake while in the car, and was almost hit in traffic. When we were home together, they wouldn't spend time with me much at all. My dad drank, and was carless, would even throw bottle caps at me, he thought it was funny. I remember my dog being given away, and I was so upset that my mom thought it was a good idea to give me ecstasy. No joke. I was sick for weeks, I recall, and I didn't know what was going on when it happened. I only know this because they dealt it at the time, and my mom was into experimenting already by giving me alcohol. A lot. I was likely sick due to serotonin syndrome, but was never taken to the hospital. I had an uncle, my moms brother, who sometimes would stay for weeks, who was only a few years older than me (parents are young). He would get on top of me and hump me when my parents werent home, which was often. My dad was later arrested for child pornography, and I've been told that it was about pictures of a 17 year old girl that my mom took while having sex with her. I was about nine. I remember the girl, she was supposed to be my babysitter but would always bail for whatever reason. I am fairly certain she had sex with my uncle at one point, I remember them being weirdly touchy. After my dad went to prison I was sent States away to live with my super religious grandparents, no big deal. They just didn't want to deal with a "bad Apple". My mom was pregnant prior to my dad going to prison, I was ten years old when my brother was born. After his birth, my mom took us both to stay with her abusive alcoholic boyfriend. For three years I was forced to stay home from school and take care of him. My mom would drink all the time, and her and the bf would fight constantly. She worked during the night at a factory, so me and my brother were on our own, sometimes I had to steal money to get us food. Eventually me and my mom got into a really bad fight, she had asked me if I needed to learn how to masturbate. I had, at this point, started having panic attacks every time I thought someone was having sex in the house. I never knew if my mom was screwing a teenage girl or not, I saw them come and go from her room and I heard noises. After the fight, I left to go to my dad's since he had gotten out. I had the same panic attacks there for the same reasons, my dad didn't tolerate it, and would shake me, hit me, yell for hours. I threatened suicide a lot at 14 and 15.  My dad eventually got partial custody of my brother. When it came time for my mom to come get him again, she didn't come for a while. Then she showed up randomly with a bunch of people, her new husband, and took him. We didn't hear back for a while and couldn't find her, and police didn't do shit to help. He was molested by her and an older man during the time he was with her. My dad got him back, and got full custody. I can't figure out why my mom was never arrested for anything. My dad likes to say she fucked her way out of it all. At 17 my dad kicked me out to make room for more siblings. For years, until I was 18 I didn't really hear from my mom, though I knew she was dealing heavily in meth. Then she was dead. I was not told how she died. Nobody will give me a straight answer, but it could have been murder or suicide judging by what I did manage to hear. I don't even think they know. She had come to see me two days before it happened, for an hour. She looked scared and since I hadn't seen her for a while, she just looked terrible compared to what I remembered. Before my mom died I had been dating a guy who was increasingly showing signs of abusiveness. When she came to visit he was with me, she met him, and I could tell that she knew what kind of guy he was, the look on her face when she tried to talk to him was like a shot to the chest for me and I'll never forget it. The day she died he wanted nothing to do with me. He said his mom died too. That it didn't matter because they both sucked. I needed someone, anyone, even if it was him. I insisted on being around him, but I slowly realized he didn't care about how I was doing and things were only going to get worse. Two weeks after her death, I decided to break up. He got angry, blamed it on my ex before him since I had been texting him for support. Then he handcuffed me and raped me, it went on for hours. I didn't want to press charges. I didn't want to do anything. One of my friends convinced me to go to the ER, where she had already called an investigator and family to meet. I didn't know this until I got there. I was kept there for seven hours until I signed the police report. He was arrested, while he was throwing a party. Everyone saw. The next day I dropped the charges, I didn't want to fucking deal with that. His friends harassed me, tried to jump me several times, I was shamed, my mom's death was brought up again and again and again. I went to him to beg for an apology or understanding and it happened again. More harassment ensued. All of my friends doubted me, I was kicked out of the place I was staying. I had lost my job because he came to my work and caused a scene when I had ignored him. I don't know how ive managed to remember these things. I used a lot of drugs during this time. I still do when I can. I have a lot of nightmares now. I cry for my mom all the time. I drink. I feel like I am in a perpetual state of decay in my mind and often I want to die. I want to make room in this misery for my family, one I create with my husband, and I want good things to flourish, to take over the misery. I'm just so scared, what if I'm just like my mother in the end, or worse. I'm staying strong, Ive always had an interest in philosophy, so that has kept me sane, I guess. I know I need to talk to someone professional about all of this but I also feel so ashamed. I'm socially anxious, and I feel like I don't deserve help at all. I feel like I am nothing in society. So if you read this, I'm sorry. I'm doing what I feel like I have strength for.  
Whenever my abusers (and nearly every other single abuser I've seen) has been confronted with abuse from an outside source or person who isn't directley linked/abused by them, they almost always start out by denying accusations. "No, that isn't it. Hear my side of the story." Usually when their side of the story is told, it still makes no fuckin' sense. When pressed further they start to crack."Ok, well maybe I did do so-and-so, but it wasn't THAT bad"Second time around, the excuses STILL makes no sense. By constantly questioning their actions and pointing out the loop holes in their logic, they start to reveal more and more about the truth. Soon it comes full circle and they can no longer hide or justify what they did behind their "side of the story". Abusers will hardly EVER reveal everything they did when confronted with it. Even then, the justification after that is usually "Well I was just so sick and tired of it all and I lost control" or some petty sob story. It never ends. They always try to pin the blame on the victims for their agressive callous behaivor.What is even MORE fucked up about it is how this sort of cycle of getting them to admit their wrong doings is only able to work with people who were not involved with abuse. Were the victim to actually argue this with their abuser, the abuser is easily able to be gaslighted and controlled and pressured into being silent or being wrong. It's so disgusting.
Everytime I think I've hit rock bottom emotionally or financially or whatever, there's another level. I feel like I don't even know what I'm dealing with here as far as recovery goes. We're having bad money problems, the house is a nightmare, I'm morbidly depressed, and I'm working towards processing trauma to feel better, but my present doesn't feel much better than my past. I don't know what to do. Of course I need to get in gear and try to change my present, but I'm barely even allowing myself to acknowledge it. 
I'm 21, female, and I recently ended a two-year abusive relationship with a man I had been seeing. I was a straight A student in high school, and because of my hard work I got into a top ranking school. My abuse changed that and I fell into depression. I attended college at a small private school away from my safety net of familiar family and friends, and was my first time living away from home, entering a new culture (the mainland USA). My relationship with my abuser started in my freshman year of college, and through my sophomore year. Now I am taking a gap year, and plan to return in fall, but I am on academic probation for failing the second semester of a required class. I struggled with school work and exams, as my abuser-- and I call him that because now that I am free of him, I cannot fathom someone treating a person they love in the way he did to me-- was very controlling and manipulative. My abuse began as small almost dismissible slights and soon grew out of control. He occupied all of my time, expecting me to text him where I was at various times of the day, call him every morning and every night, shame me if I wanted to spend time with friends or take time for myself. He would threaten to call the school or people I knew to look for me if I didn’t check in. I felt unsafe. It escalated to where he would Skype me every evening, and make me "sleep" with him on Skype, running the program all night long. He would tell me that sexually pleasing him was my responsibility, even if I was exhausted. He would insinuate that I would have his children, that he would come and marry me, and that I would support his unemployment. Soon he was making plans for our marriage, but the most disturbing thing was that he seemed to like viewing me as a child— calling me diminutive pet names for children and making it a sexual thing. He talked about physically abusing me, about how I had no right to tell him "no." He filmed me doing sexual acts. I could write more; it really threw me. Looking back, I am pretty disgusted at myself for not pulling away before I did, and just dropping his ass like a stinking pile of shit. Even reading what I write I can't believe I put up with it: I am a strong, intelligent woman, and I know I deserve respect. I was in deep with the abuse, and normalizing it, clinging to him for what little he could give me and what I thought I needed. I stopped seeking out friends and calling family. He took advantage of me being alone, vulnerable in a new culture and system, and under a ton of stress. He exasperated my stress and wore me down, and I could not efficiently focus on my education. My grades suffered severely, and every other semester I was on academic probation. I would appreciate some advice on who I can go to to talk to about this, and more importantly if I can get help from my school. It's a shitty situation to be in, because it's basically just my word against my grades on paper. Is it too late to do something about it? Should I talk to a school therapist? Should I write to my academic advisor about my situation? I’m feeling lost and angry, I want my school to know why I am failing classes but I'm worried about backlash and victim-blaming. I really don’t feel like I have a system of support at that school and I don’t want to go back and repeat the same destructive behaviors all over again. I am working and largely supporting myself in terms of cost of my education, so I can’t afford to go to a therapist out of my own pocket. 
I don't know if my question makes any sense, so let me explain... Last week I met an old friend of mine and I ended up telling her that I got molested when I was a teenager (I didn't go into details, kept it vague and just said "oh I got molested"); my molester lives downtown where all the clubs, bars and all the other entertaining stuff is located (mine is a very small town so if you want to spend a fun day/night out you're bound to go downtown) so I told her I didn't feel too comfortable hanging around in that area and wanted to go somewhere else.  She brushed it off and told me "it happened a lifetime ago, why are you still thinking about it, shouldn't you move on?".  It hurt me and reminded me of another episode, when at 20 y/o I went to see a therapist and mentioned her about what happened years earlier; that day my mother came to pick me up and once I got in the car I told her what I said to the therapist about "that event", to which she replied "you're still thinking about that??".So now I'm wondering if there's something wrong with me, because while I no longer have nightmares about that thing, I still have... issues(?),fears (?). It still hurts, I still sleep with the light on at night, and I still can't stand being touched by what to me are "unauthorized people".   I think I've moved on and overcame that thing, but it's difficult to live in a very small town with the risk of meeting your abuser whenever you go out. I don't understand why the people who know about this story keep belittling my feelings. Are they right? Is there something wrong with me?   I don't know what to think. 
Today I was watching Recovery Road and it showed a young girl who wrote her uncle a note letting him know that if he did drugs again, he wasn't allowed in her room. This really hit me hard, actually had to turn the TV off because I remembered my interviews with police officers and therapists when I was sexually abused at 4. One of the questions I was asked was what I would tell my abuser  (since he was family ) and the only thing I could think of was "you aren't allowed in my room to play with my barbies or Invited to my birthday party." Just makes me sick, I was a baby, who knew nothing about what was going on and the worst thing to think of was uninviting him from my birthday.  Sorry, just had to vent. 
I'm so anxious and uncomfortable and I want to carve out that part of my body. I'm scared I'll never be able to have normal sex because all I know is rape.
The facility I work at was proud to announce they could hire on a full time handyman instead of the part time guy we loved so dearly. This new guy looks, sounds, and acts like the guy I was in a relationship with for about 3 years in high school who raped me over a dozen times (most of which before I was 18) and is responsible for creating most of my PTSD.I moved 1,000 miles away from home to get away from unrelated family drama and was finally starting my life again, but this new guy is bothering me at a subconscious level I can't shake that's telling me I'm in constant danger and it's leading me to compulsively eat high-sugar foods, I'm starting to clench my jaw and deepen my teeth fractures again, & I can't sleep well at night. I keep telling myself "It's not him, it's not him" over and over. This new guy is a completely different person and I don't think it would be so bad, but he likes my company and hangs out in the kitchen where I'm stuck in or takes meals/breaks when I do. When he's around I forget what I'm doing, I get agitated and irritable, hyper-aware, a little paranoid, no music feels right and I keep changing the songs because I suddenly can't stand my own music when he's there, and I use sarcasm as a self-defense mechanism but try not to be rude because I try to be nice to everyone.I thought it was just me but some of the ladies at work were teasing me that he likes me since we have similar humour types & he went out of his way so I could have the plush couch for me on break last week, but then a few days later they expressed their concern that since my boss (who is a prettier girl my age) and I decided to ask him to leave the kitchen when he eats so he doesn't stick around as much, they noticed that he hangs out in the hallways and watches just me and not her. I also noticed this week (second week working with him) he won't mention his 17 year old girlfriend (he's 20) unless I prompt him or ask him about her.I joined a gym to try and work off my stress eating and try to exhaust myself before going to sleep but it's not helping as much as I would like. Anyone having anything remotely similar happen to them have any tips for coping? If I didn't have another job lined up in a different state in a few months or I would just quit and find a new place but it isn't really an option right now.
To give a little context: I lived in Spain for almost all my adolescent life, but had to return to my home country for economic reasons. I've been back for two years now, and this took place about six months after I moved back. I was meeting with my best friend from here, at her boyfriend's house. Her boyfriend's house is a couple of minutes from mine by car. I assumed he was going to take me back to my place after the party, because it was just that, a couple of minutes from his house. But he didn't. He claimed to be too tired. I know in my heart he dislikes me and that's why he wouldn't take me home, but it wasn't the moment to start an argument. It was 3 am, in a very dangerous city in South America, and I just wanted to get home, and sleep. I hadn't drink, not that it matters. So, a friend of his offered to take to me mine's, since it was "on his way". I thought, well, ok, I know him, whatever. He didn't take to my house. He took me to a park, in the middle of nowhere. In a city I don't know because I lived abroad most of my life, at 3 am. I was really scared. I didn't know what to do. So he pulls up to th park, and starts talking. I thought, well, maybe he just needed somebody to listen, and did that, while still being extremely scared of the situation. I said to him a hundred times that it was late, and I wanted to get into bed, that my parents were calling me (which they were), please take me home. He didn't seemed to mind, and started touching my legs, trying to kiss me. I was so scared I just did nothing. I was paralized. I knew this guy, he was a friend of my best friend. After that, I was like a rag doll, so he moved me to the back seat, and raped me. After he finished he made kiss his penis. That was really humiliating. When he finally droped me off, I just went into the fridge and started eating guacamole, staring into the wall. I was shocked. It actually took me a year after that event to fully realize that I hadn't wanted that to happened. I just chalked it up to bad sex, you know? Like, I regretted it but not fully thinking that it wasn't consensual because in no moment I tried to stop it. And that's what messed me up the most. That I didn't do anything to stop it. I finally put the pieces together after reading a case similar to mine. I started to have panic attacks, I hated to be touched, even by my mother, I was scared all the time. It's a year and a half later, and I still sometimes get panic attacks, and hate to be touched unexpectedly. I told my best friend, and she didn't believed me. And finally told my family about three months ago. They did believed me. Sorry for the long post, I just needed to get it out of my system. 
I was sexually abused during my elementary years, by my father while my mother was away at work, I don't remember how long it lasted just that it was semi-frequent due to my mother working a couple cities over full-time. It started because of verbal abuse, being loudly yelled at immediately every time I dropped dishes or got in the way and so on. I used to practically cry on command every time I did something wrong, even if my father or no one was around, for years. I had a sexually curious girl friend in elementary that I'd talk to that had me asking my father, cluelessly and curiously, to show me what sex was. He had been the one asking or me, I remember bits and pieces of it- being uncomfortable, not knowing what the feeling was and saying no a few times before it finally stuck. I remember blaming myself all through middle school for not having said no more often or sooner, this didn't help that my dad would tell me that he wouldn't of done it if I hadn't asked for it (ignoring that he had asked for it too). I am 20 years old now, 3 years out of high school. I moved away for my second year of college and have been away from home since, until now. I told my mother last Summer, she didn't blame me for it like I thought she might. During her yelling at him in living room, I overheard that it had happened to my 10-years-my-elder sister when she was young too, she had stayed with him because he "promised not to do it again". I left again back to another state at the end of that Summer, today is my first day back, I didn't want to come back. I don't have job experience or a degree, by the time I found entry-level jobs open I had nowhere left to stay (and no one had a couch open). It's been around half a year since she's told him she wants a divorce, he's been upset that she's not giving him half- she doesn't have official paperwork together still, she works when the courthouse is open. He's living in the guest room, I'm living in the spacious bathroom closet. I'm feeling quite a bit like Harry Potter under the stairs at this point. He doesn't have a job, he's still running the pity party of I'm old so jobs are hard that he has been running since I was a kid (although he had at least a couple a few months ago, that he doesn't have anymore). He doesn't have any of his own savings, he barely had any when my mother and him married- so little that they decided on a joint bank account apparently. So he's out at restaurants and bars continuing to spend her money like he always has, being upset about not getting half. He's waiting for it to blow over, he had continued to try to talk to me over email and texts after I had decided to not talk to him at all before I had left. He's delusional to the point of denying that he broke his promise to my mother of not abusing their second child, and he denied ever verbally abusing me though he had moments of "i'm sorry if I did that" crocodile tears. He's mentally ill, he refuses to get therapy. It's driving me nuts because my mother is at work right now and my father is watching tv in the living room acting like everything is normal, that everyone else is crazy. I don't know what to do, a large part of me wants him in prison but everyone else was content enough before to let my father do his own thing, thinking he's just an asshole. My mother believes me about the sexual harassment but she doesn't seem to understand the verbal abuse or the manipulation... I'm worried he has her feeling sorry for him even though she says she isn't... I'm very lost right now, I don't have any friends who will talk to me about this anymore other than to say "it sucks". I don't know what steps to take to get him in prison, I don't want this to happen to someone else (He had made comments about my friends being attractive in the past). I'm worried that if I report him I won't have enough proof to get him locked away. I don't much like the thought of having to repeat all of this and more up in front of a court either.
I don't really tell my story any more but I had a brake through that makes me want to cry with joy. Maybe this isn't the right place for this and if not you can direct me where to go but I feel the need to tell someone.I was raped 3 years ago after months of sexual harassment by my boss in the store I worked in. He forced me into that victim roll and I hated it. I hated him. I was stupid and didn't report him or try to save the evidence. By the time I couldn't take the place he had forced me mentally I wasn't eating wasn't sleeping I could function. I felt I had finally found the one abuse that would destroy me. I wasn't thinking of suicide but I was becoming a hollow she'll that felt nothing I used too. I had covered all the mirrors in the house because I just couldn't look at who I had become. I finally reported him to the company because I didn't feel the cops could do much anymore. I had scrubbed myself raw the day it happened and threw out my cloths. Some justice was had. He was fired. I only lasted there about 8 more months before I had an escape from that hell. Only a little over a month after it happened I met my husband. He was there for every brake down every counseling session and every moment I need him he was there. Now for part of the brake through. I've noticed over the last few months that I don't always notice the road my abuser lives on when we pass. I don't try to avoid that area of town even. And for what I feel is the major brake though. This year on February 7 three years from my rape I didn't even realize what day it was. It is only now over a month later I have realized that dreaded date passed without even a whimper. I have finally let my fear and anger go. I feel free again like I'm no longer that victim he made me into. And now I am crying. But no more are they the tears of sadness from an empty shell. 
My dad was very violent towards me and my siblings. He was mentally ill. He had good times when he was really gentle and loving, but his moods would swing and he would terrorize us. I loved him. I would do anything to avoid his temper. I just wanted to be close to him. It tore me apart. In his senior years, he apologized many times for the things he did. I forgave him, but I didn't really trust him. It seemed like he was just going through the motions to ease his conscience. He never expressed genuine interest in me or my kids. He never tried to rebuild our relationship or spend any time with me. Now, he has developed dementia. He is barely rational. He is like a toddler, at this stage and not likely to improve. The doctor says he has a year or more to live. I'm grieving the loss of the relationship I never had. It's worse now because I know it will never happen. I lost my childhood.  I lost my father,  and I feel like I lost myself. Tell me what you did when you realized your abuser would never love you. Where do I go from here?
Hey everybody, throwaway because I think she knows my reddit name.Also don't know if this is the right place to post this, so please let me know if I'm violating anything. I just want to vent and ask advice, since this is my first experience with relationships ever. Also because this is a weird funneling of abuse that has left two (possibly three) people devastated.TL:DR; Met girl who was breaking up with emotionally abusive boyfriend she lived with. Went on and off with her as she went off and on with her boyfriend. She got back together with him and now she keeps contacting me with random fluff and I don't know what to do.Whelp, there’s a TL:DR for a reason. I can rant about this for hours, but here’s the succinct version. I met this wonderful girl named Esme who was in an emotionally abusive relationship with this guy called Carl who she lived with too (not their real names.) Esme and I meet through our college’s theater program in a play. She was wonderful, smart, funny, quick and a bundle of joy. She loved being in college. It got her away from her situation. Eventually we became really close and we fell for each other. We just clicked. I never just clicked with a person like this before. We both felt liberated, and we told each other this. For brevity and conciseness I’m going to skip most of the part were we had a relationship because that’s a huge post and half in and of itself. We’ll just discuss the aftermath.Esme tried breaking up with Carl many times, and he would constantly call her and text her crying, then berating her and calling her a cunt, then calling her beautiful, then saying she was a terrible and what would her relatives, living and dead, and pets think of her for doing this to them etc. We sort of dated during this time, and we really clicked and fell for each other. It didn’t feel like I was a rebound, and a lot of my friends that saw it unfold agree. We didn’t do anything with each other when Carl and Esme were back together. This happened three times, twice after we started dating. Then she would keep texting me when they got back together saying how hard it was getting over me and how much she missed me. Then she would break up again and we would be back together. This was now becoming abusive towards me and I started to see it. This came to a head on Christmas eve when Esme and I were having a conversation on Facebook. She messaged me first telling me to check out an album. I kept it friendly but kept my distance. Carl found out and blew up on Esme. He called her a cunt again, said if she ever spoke to me again he’d beat the shit out of me, told she was horrible for what she did to them as a couple and made her cry for hours that she ran to her best friend who she hadn’t seen since Esme and Carl moved in together a year and a half ago. I freaked, she left him, she realized and told me point blank in the face eye contact and everything that she was in an emotionally abusive relationship and that she was finally taking steps to get past it. We hung out for hours on boxing day, and I met all her friends at their Christmas party and she said a guy never wanted to hang out with her friends and she pushed to do the thing I wanted to do. We had a really nice time, it was almost my birthday, she blocked his number, she had this picture of us in her wallet that she took months before, (she had it in her wallet for weeks, she showed it to me the first time we kissed a month prior.)Next day she wouldn’t text me. She ditched plans. I found out through her Snapchat story that she got back with Carl. I was devastated. I told her that I didn’t care if she ended up with me or if she had to be single to sort her stuff out, as long as she wasn’t with Carl. But here we are.I cried like a baby, but didn’t text her. I cut my loses, and it was so painful. This was the third time she did this, going back to Carl after she said I was so perfect for her. That she had to ignore me to stay with Carl because I was that much better of a person. But this was her choice, and I was so worried and scared for her safety. Life sucked.What followed was the weirdest of all. All of her social media, which was relatively quiet during the semester was being blasted with how great Carl is and how he’s the only one to support her and that she did so many terrible things the past month she thought she’d never do and pleaded for him to forgive her.Yet she still contacted me. She would only use Snapchat to communicate. At first it was big life events. “Happy Birthday!” Her car broke down and I asked if she was alright. I got into an accident and she freaked out asking if I was ok and acting like a girlfriend. I deleted my facebook and she said she felt sorry that I felt the need to delete facebook. I didn’t know how to respond, so I said I would still be there for her if she needed anything.She dropped out of school. Within three weeks of us “breaking up” Carl was looking at new houses for them to move into and she said she was excited. She dropped out of school because of finances. She doesn’t talk to any of her friends from college anymore unless we reach out to her. Well she doesn’t reach out to any of us except me. The snapchats became more mundane commenting on my snapstory, from be careful on that snow mountain or I remember that videogame to freaking the fuck out when I got the lead in one of the new shows. She would sometimes actually text me youtube videos of Star Wars (I’m a big SW fan)On Valentine’s day she even sent me a video that she told me reminded me of something I would do. She told me what was happening in her life, and how it was shit. She hoped that the new house would get her out of this funk. She missed her family, so I told her to contact them and go see them. She stopped texting then. Eventually a mutual friend told her to quit texting me for her, Carl’s, and my sake. So she did. I texted her on her birthday, which she replied with a nice thank you saying I was the first o wish her it, and when I didn’t reply after ten minutes she sent me a link to a new song by my favorite band. I had a new show open that week, and she texted me break legs and that she couldn’t make it because she was moving in that week. Typical. She had a lot of friends that she hasn’t seen in that play too. I wanted her to come because I wanted to talk to her again. See her again. As of now the last thing she sent me was a snapchat of a record she found while packing of an album that was symbolic of our relationship in the first show we did.I’m debating if I want to text her this week to see if we can meet up over spring break to talk about everything. I’ve felt thrown around and abused too, but I don’t know if its because she’s abusive or if Carl’s toxicity is shoving her in directions she doesn’t want to go. I’m just left really confused and hurt. This is my first “relationship” if you can call it that, and I know this is definitely not healthy. She posts about me on reddit sometimes too, saying that she sometimes misses me, that she feels like a dick for what she did to me. She’s been in abusive relationships for the past 6 years, she left her first abusive boyfriend of 4 years for Carl, and it looked like she was leaving Carl for me. A bit of a pattern. When she tried breaking up with the four year guy she also had a 2-3 month spell where everything in the world was perfect and that he was lovely, just like whats happening with Carl.But why keep texting me? Is it a cry for help? I can’t do anything. I feel scared texting her back because I’m worried if Carl finds out and the emotional abuse escalates to physical. She isn’t doing anything theater related even though she loves it. I want to help but I feel my hands are tied.Yet for some reason I keep texting back, but only at late hours of the night before I go to bed. Its a boundary I set for myself.Am I being abused? I think so, but I don’t think she’s that conscious to it, but that just might be me making excuses for her. I deleted all my social media except snapchat because of this, but I can’t bring myself to block her. I think she still likes me but her hands are tied.EDIT this Question in: Should I ask to meet up to talk next week? I don't know. I don't know why I want to do it either. Partly to talk through all these confusing signals. Partly to talk her away from Carl. Maybe a vain hope we could still be together, but I don't know. I just want her to be happy, with or without me.This makes no sense yet perfect sense given abuse. I have all these questions and no answers.I also can’t fathom moving in to a new place that quickly after such a messy period in the relationship. But then again they moved in together after 6 months of dating, which she admitted to being a mistake.I just want her to be ok. I miss her to death, but ultimately it’s her safety I’m concerned for.Sorry for the length and overall scattered-ness, its 4 AM where I am and it’s been gnawing at my mind. I can clarify anything you want to know, just ask.You’re all wonderful, I love you all and you’re all fantastic people.
I have a kind of odd living situation. I'm living alone, but my parents are paying for my apartment. So, while I'm thankfully away from my toxic household, I still have to interact with them and act like I don't hate it. I've been having trouble with this lately. I've been really irritable with my mom. We had an enmeshed relationship from childhood up until I went to college, and then, when I lived there for a few years after coming home from school, she was very critical and judgmental of how I was living my life and verbally let me know often enough to where it really affected me.Basically, it feels very unsafe to be around her and even act loving toward her (and most of my family (not my little bro obvsies, since he's 13)). But, since they still pay for my shit, I have to interact with them congenially. This is hard for me because suppressing my emotion is somewhat triggering because of other stuff in my life. Plus, I don't want to invite my mom to violate my boundaries even more. Is there any way I can be cordial but still stand firm on what my boundaries are? I don't know how :c
last year i finally got out of a 4-5 year long abusive online relationship with someone. they used to be my *only* "friend" and it was extremely difficult cutting them off. it took me 2 years to work up the courage and convince myself that this person is *really* bad for me. it took a couple of months to get rid of them because they kept coming back and trying to make *me* say sorry because they think i'm abusive for standing up to them. but i did it and they've been out of my life for a few months.i can feel that i've recovered a lot already, and i've met some better people who are amazing and i have absolutely no doubt that they care about me and love me. but i'm having trouble forming true emotional connections. when i first met them, i felt a connection *starting* but it died off really quick. i love my new friends so so much and i genuinely enjoy time with them, but whenever i get the idea that i might've said something wrong or offensive, i don't feel any fear about losing them. when i imagine my life without them because of something i did wrong, i just think "ok". at the same time though, i'm absolutely desperate for company and a relationship. but i just can't get attached.i *don't* want to live like this. i wanna feel butterflies in my stomach when someone i like talks to me, i wanna leave conversations with my friends thinking "i love them so much", i don't wanna have to remind myself to talk to people i'm friends with. i just wanna feel shit for other people again.
And I didn't even ask. I felt a physical rush through my body it felt so good; it felt so immensely validating, and that is why it felt good.

I was abused as a young child into my mid-teens by my mother, who I was taken away from and then given to my dad halfway across the country 4 years ago. Up until this point, I only saw him MAYBE once a year. My father is an ex-alcoholic, nonetheless he still has a very, very short temper. He ended up remarrying 6 years ago to a lovely women and had two more children. They're young boys one being almost 5 and the other 2. They are you're typical brothers, they fight and yell but at the end of it, they're sweet and loving. Today, he was watching the boys and ended up buying them new toys. Once we got home and settled the boys started to fight; to the point where my father absolutely lost his shit. He started throwing stuff, saying things like "I'm just going to leave you guys" and "I want to punch them so badly." I'm not good with yelling, so all I could think to do was to calm the boys down and maybe he would calm down. They were absolutely terrified. I personally have tons of repressed memories, it's my way of coping; I know it's shit but I prefer to not think about the past and just move on. But when he was screaming and his face turning red, I remembered a time when I was about 5 and he lost his temper. I ran into my older brothers room onto his bunk beds, he shook them until I fell off and told me how much I stressed him out. I thought he changed, he was better than he used to be. I know how fucked up I am because of my parents, I don't want my brothers to be like me, they deserve so much. I'm trying to figure out if I should talk to my dad about his behavior, go to his wife, or ignore what happened today? I just need advice to make sure I make the right choice.
This is my first post in this sub-reddit.. Could be long. I just want to share my story.. Just trying to find some hope.. When I was much younger I was physically and verbally abused by my father, it would be called corporal punishment. My father was strict and had high expectations, especially school grades. For example, one time during dinner, I forgot to do something, and it would be very quick thing to fix. So I momentarily left the dinner table. Without any warning, my father hit me with those thin bamboo sticks as whips. The punishments got harsher as I got older, leaving me with welts. Then my father passed away from cancer while I was nine years old. Some time later my mother begin to also physically and verbally abused me. There were no sexual abuse at all, just corporal punishments. Mom became very abusive, beating me with the bamboo sticks and leaving me with welts all over my body… This continued until I got into high school. I think it’s because I grown to be as big or bigger than my mom, so she stopped.. I'm an POC ( Person Of Color ) guy in my late 30s.. I grew up in NYC, though not with my own ethnic group unfortunately. So I got bullied a lot by kids in other ethnic groups. Got teased and called ethnic slurs. So I just kept to myself and avoid any eye contact with the people in the neighborhood that I grew up in.. ;<  When I moved away from home to college campus, I had a nervous breakdown. But at that time, I couldn't remember why until just a few years ago, way after I graduated from college. While I can now hang out with some girls, though as friends though. Since High School and to even now I’m very terrified to get close to girls romantically and never had a girlfriend to even now. If a girl likes me, I would thought that she is up to something and wanted something from me ( distrust ) and sometimes I would freak out if I get physicall too close.. I wouldn’t tell them what happened since I don't know how the girls would react to my past. Career-wise, I want to change my career from computers which I’m burnt out now to something that would make a better world such as urban design, alternative medicine, arts/design, or environmental/conservation. The Golden Age of computers was back in 1980s and 1990s. I don’t want to go back to college because of high tuition costs in USA… When I was much younger I thought of being a doctor, but all of the abuse and bullying made me very angry and resentful, so I turned away from helping others. Well, I didn’t like blood or body parts is another reason why I didn’t go into medicine. Too gruesome for me. So a few years ago, I was able to somehow unblocked my memories ( betrayal trauma theory ) and remembered my childhood abuse memories.. I tried to confront my mother, she refused to accept the responsibility. I still have some flashbacks and still can't get a gf.. When I was much younger in my 20s, I was much more hopeful. Now with a dead-end job and no gf/wife nor children.. I don’t know anymore.. Right now I’m just a loner, and just doing my own things. Would like to move back to NYC from Upstate NY because there’s more things to do, but it’s so EXPENSIVE.. And definitely don't want to live with my mother in NYC ever again.
My father was a heavy drinker and physically violent to me, my siblings, and my mom.He received a cat-of-nine-tails as birthday present and used it to discipline me and my brother. Perhaps that may find favor with some folks who think that children have no 'fear of God' in them anymore. I remember how mouthy my brother was, how he always had to have the last word. Why couldn't he just keep his mouth shut like I was able to?  He now has high pitch hearing loss in one ear from having his head slammed into a wall.  I remember a lot of fights between my dad and my mom. Loud, angry affairs that would go on all night while trying to sleep. The scariest times where when she would get in the car and leave. Usually she would come back. But one time my dad got so angry he jumped on the hood of the car and smashed the windshield in while she was leaving. He stayed up all night. I did too, I asked him when's mom coming home. His response: "Your mom is crazy now to back to bed before beat the ---- out of you."  I'm not a parent, but I would think no matter how angry you are at your spouse, one should have enough empathy for a 7 year old son who is just scared and misses his mom.  Fortunately, that episode had a happy ending, The police came and picked me and my siblings up that morning. I later learned this was because my dad called my mom and threatened to shoot us if she didn't come home.But....I didn't want for anything materially. We had a nice house, a boat, a pool, had vacations. I have two graduate degrees and still will probably never make enough to provide for a family as well as I had it, materially.  My parents divorced when I was 12 and things got better after that, when we went to stay with my mom. My dad had a heart attack and died about 4 years later, when I was 16.I'm 34 now, and I'm still not over it. Don't have kids, don't want them, and would like to someday find a woman who feels the same. I feel uncomfortable about guys my age if they have kids because I can't help but think how many are beating their kids like I am. This is especially true since I grew up in the Midwest, but now work for a Christian college in the Bible Belt South.Sometimes I think about going back to therapy, but I don't know what it will accomplish. I know it's not my fault, but I don't think I'll ever be able to see families and children the same way as someone who hasn't gone through childhood like I did. 
I don't want to make this too long. So I'll give some info on the background: He's muslim, I'm Jewish. different backgrounds. - He has disrespected my religion and has been anti semitic in the past when we dated (i was young and naive and forgave him months later) - he cheated on me multiple times throughout high school, and would accuse me of cheating when I never did. - would yell/embarass me in public sometimes. - would grab me forcefully during fights. -once pushed me on the floor and didn't apologize, said i deserved it for laughing at something harmless. -when we would fight , he would literally beat himself up (punch,scratch,bite,slap himself) in front of me (even when i would be driving) and say "IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT??" or literally take my hand and MAKE me slap/punch his face with it saying "HERE HIT ME HIT ME." - on two occasions, he did..rape me? both times i told him i did not want to have sex MULTIPLE TIMES AND MADE IT CLEAR, but he did it anyways. after he did that, i slapped him in retaliation and he made himself the victim for me slapping him after i was sexually assaulted and i honestly thought i was in the wrong. -he was extremely anti female with things he said and misogynistic, believed heavily in gender roles (slut shaming, believed men should do whatever they want sexually but women can't, etc) - i once threw a blanket on the bed where he was laying down, and he literally grabbed me by my arms, dug his nails into my skin and slapped me for that. i started crying, he said nothing. just sat there. i told him a few minutes later to leave my room and to stay away from me or i would hit him/fight if he came any closer to me. he attempted to put his arms around me and i punched him multiple times. he then told everyone i treated him as his "punching bag" and i had abused him. made 0 mention about what he did. -he then went MIA for a month, when his anti semitic racist parents called my family threatening to kill us, harm us, they insulted us, called us horrible names, were extremely racist. he never called to apologize or anything. he then got in contact with me and proceeded to say how i was in the wrong, how i was a bitch, how everyone was right about me being "shit", how his parents had good reason to say what they said, how i had lost a really good partner, was extremely mean and hostile etc.- once i got drugged by people who i thought were my friends, had a panic attack, was screaming in public because i was so scared and no one would help me. it traumatized me. i called him hoping he would help. but what did he do? scream at me. yell. say he was going to leave me & taunted me. he insulted me all while i was drugged up, which made me go into major panic mode because i had blacked out earlier and was disoriented. he did not once reassure me, help me, or comfort me. he did call my mom to tell her and i ended up being saved by a family friend, but after my ex had traumatized me. he said i was at fault because he told me not to go, but i went anyways. i once again thought i was the one who was wrong. even when i was at the ER, he was STILL insulting me. all i remember from that day was blacking out, screaming, crying, and sobbing over the phone in a taxi because of what my ex had said to me while i was drugged up.You might think the answer should be so obvious, but he was my first everything. we have a lot of good memories together (disneyland, trips to the city, etc.) and its hard to let go of. he would buy me roses and cute gifts, he would surprise me and would show me lots of affection and "love". we lived together during college, had so many good fun memories during college. my family loved him and told me what a great guy he was and how lucky i was to have him. i guess he did put up a fake persona in front of people. so i was confused when he did mean things to me because i loved him deeply and was attached as hell. so i'm still a bit confused. I just feel confused on why I still miss him & why i can't fully accept he was abusive. Any insight is helpful, thank you for your time.
I have a feeling this will end up a long read so thanks for taking the time... I'm no open book so I'll try to put this into text.Ok so not sure where to start. So I've had issues I been going to doctors trying to control since around my teens. I always chalked it up as regular was of feeling as a younger childhood. And since I would only speak about my symptoms and never about what happened in the household I think that may be why I've never really felt better.  So now that I'm in my my 20's and I'm realizing all of this I opened alittle to my fiance about this and she thinks woth the little I told her that it was an abusive household. Oddly enough I still feel reluctant to tell a dr about it and have no idea even how to start. Do I simply tell him I had issues but how just need help leaving it in the past? Or do I have to go into detail or ask the doc for like a referral to a therapist or what?The medical issues bugging me are feeling anxious, depressed, thoughts of suicide (attempted as child), IBS, headaches, irritated, angry outbursts, numbness,  feeling detached, nightmares, waking up covered in sweat, troubles sleeping, nausea, adominal pain etc.. at this point I stopped going the the dr I was seeing because simply he pissed me off. Doesn't listen to me just keeps offering me pills and tells me I need to be less stressed and I need a lifestyle change. I just wanna strangle him because I'm not trying to be stressed I just am! So the hard part... As far as I can remember my home was hell. My dad was barley around and when he was his drug habits made it very well known. He made us live as if we had to walk on egg shells or he would get into a rage and when that happens were all just punching bags waiting for the day the rage to end. He would start with my mom usually than me and my little brother. My mom wasn't in drugs but looking back she had issues from her childhood but I hate her all aswell.  She didn't really protect as she just kinda went thro it all and wanted pity and I was the one that kind of had to take care of my mom and little brother. When dad was out getting cracked out at the trap house my mom would latch onto me and try to confide everything that was going on with me. I noticed this stuff started to really messed me up starting than I would be getting symtopons I still have to this day. My dad would have parts of my childhood were he would be on a clean streak and would bring me along when ever he was in the city doing his daily stuff. This of coarse was told to me by my parents to guilt trip my dad into not getting high. Periods of time were things got better but it was always a cycle things ALWAYS went bad. Somewhere in all this chaos I felt attached to my mother even tho I felt abused from her, and started hating my dad. I remeber even offering to kill him for my mother but she always wanted to imagine everything wasn't that bad. As I started getting older I realized shit was fucked and I didn't know what normal was. I was becoming a loose cannon. Me and my brother would try little thinks to survive. Reaching out to family was no hope. My family is pretty much this same situation in every household so every pretends nothings going on so others don't call them out. We all have this fake reality we put a show in for. I remeber that being in my suicide note. With the feeling of literally no hope no god nothing to help me but myself I started fighting back in different ways. Attacking back when being physically assaulted by my parents which would literally feel like I was gonna die. They would be so consumed with rage, that anything I did was merely an excuse to just beat a living thing that couldn't do anything about it. I still have nightmares where I'm having a panic attack from my parents chasing me down and beating me down screaming for help but I have no voice. Still living in this hell. We even tried to call child services ones only to get caught by mom and they beat us good for that one. So yeah I literally don't have the time to spill all the beans here. Let alone how exhausting this is and hard. I slowly started writing these memories that are coming back to me incase the doctors want info. So what so I do. Where do I go for help? Do I need help? Or am I such a normal personal who had a normal childhood? I ask this because me and my fiance are moving across country to be back close to family because she wants to start a family and I feel like I shouldn't have kids till I fix this stuff.Thanks for reading who ever does.
Me and my husband are expecting a child soon and I was joking with him about how I learned a lot of "negative lessons" about parenting from my parents. Now, my parents are not bad people, but they have issues - my mum, she in many ways never grew up, she's like a perpetual teenager (and if you told her that, she'd take it as a compliment). My dad, he's a lovely person but he is very passive. When I talk to them about mistakes they might have made raising me and my brother my mum will get very melodramatic and my dad will say "wait till you've tried it and know how hard it is". Ok.Well anyway, I told my husband about how when I was a kid (5 to 7 years old) my parents used to lock me in my bedroom after my bedtime because I kept coming downstairs wanting attention and it was the only way they knew to keep me there. I remember banging on the doors screaming because I needed the toilet and no-one coming and I ended up having to go to toilet (wee) in the corner of the room and feeling very ashamed of doing so but having no other option because I couldn't get out (this wasn't a one off, but every night).Now my husband was really shocked by that and he said it was abuse. And I mean, I can see what he means - but I feel really bad for even mentioning it because I know my parents were fucked up, but they really did try their best. They didn't intend to have me, I just happened and they made the best of it - and the vast majority of my childhood memories are good happy ones where I felt loved and enjoyed life. So to have someone say that my parents (who I love and who I still enjoy interacting with) had "abused" me - it's really uncomfortable to think about.None of this really effects my life now (when I was a teenager of course I had a lot of emotional turmoil because of feeling like I was not cared about - and part of that can be put down to the fact that my parents basically treated me like a lodger - a lodger they liked a lot, but still, someone who was her own responsibility not their responsibility - once I was 13 years old - but I have pretty much got over that now). It's just seeing stuff from the outside is kind of frightening. I don't want my husband to judge my parents - but I know that they did a lot of stuff wrong, and I know they didn't know any better and despite everything they really did love us. I find the way he put it - to call it "abuse" really shocking. But if someone did that to our child... I'd be so angry! So I can understand where he is coming from. It's kind of confusing.Am I making sense here? 
I am a female. When I was 1-2 years old I was molested by my biological father. I have no memory of the event, but I know it happened after my mom gave me a teary confession when I was 17. At the time my parents had been separated and my biological father had me on some weekends. One day after my mom got me back she noticed that I was withdrawn and that I had a suspicious rash, so she brought me to the doctor. After learning what had happened she confronted my biological father and he was not seen or heard from for nearly ten years.I had a happy childhood. My mom remarried to a great man who cared for me and life was good. But then I hit my preteen ears and things changed. My biological father got back in touch, trying to make a deal so he could get out of child support, and my mom was taking a prescription that made her angry all the time. I quickly fell into depression and was constantly trying to think up a way to kill myself. This lasted from ages 12-14. The main reason I probably didn't is because I didn't have access to anything I felt I could use. Then my mom changed prescriptions, she got my biological father to back off, and I recovered.I had a relapse when I was 17. I had started seeing someone, and looking back the guy was very manipulative. He tried to isolate me and make me into what he wanted instead of accepting who I was, but I was a dumb insecure kid so I just let him do whatever while refusing to become totally isolated. I began suffering from what I guess might have been anxiety. It happened every day like clockwork. I would get so scared to the point of panicking around 7 pm and would eventually throw up. It lasted for 2-3 months. I stopped eating dinner and finally went to see a therapist. This is when my mom confessed to me.I got over my anxiety and was still seeing the guy. We would try things but I was still a virgin so no sex until we'd been dating for nearly a year. I liked everything else, so I was somewhat willing to try sex. Once we got to penetration, though, I just shut down and couldn't do it. He got mad. We tried 1 other time but it didn't work out and broke up 3 months later after he cheated.Since then I have had a successful college career. I'm happily single, but I'm concerned as to why I avoid people who seem to have a crush on me like the plague, even if I initially liked them too. I've also developed into a recluse, not really doing much with others, tough I'm currently trying to work on that. I've also grown to be somewhat paranoid and I don't readily trust people in groups. Individuals are okay, but 2 or more and I don't trust you.So are these symptoms of my abuse, or am I just some weird kid?
Just had some stuff to get off my chest because I feel like it's really affecting my life in the present and also really hurting my future. Throughout my childhood my mum and dad were physically and verbally abusive. As my sister got older she also became abusive. I was sexually assaulted on the school bus about five or six times, and then my ex bf would sexually assault me every week. I used to go home and throw up and cry myself to sleep afterwards. I have very low self esteem and always have. I moved out of the environment with my family about six months ago and mentally I was pretty okay, I'd been dealing with it for my whole life so I'd always just learned how to deal with it. The problem came when I moved out and straight into ANOTHER abusive family. This abuse was so much harder to deal with and I now struggle to sleep, I have nightmares, I hurt myself, I've developed anxiety and depression, I have symptoms of past trauma and I have strong suicidal urges. I moved out of that house a couple weeks ago and I'm now with a nice family, but I feel like I just can't let myself relax. I'm constantly on edge, jumpy, worrying about everything I do and whether it will trigger the same abuse I copped at the last place I stayed. Those people even started calling me things like a b*tch (and these were my friend's parents!!). Does anyone have any advice on how I can start to unload and relax in this new household, because it's impacting every area of my life and there are nights like last night where I've been so, so close to killing myself and I just feel like I can't take this anymore.
I've been in an abusive relationship with my girlfriend for close to five years now. She psychologically messes with, she's a liar and master of deception, she's takes advantage of me emotionally, mentally, financially and for a short time sexually (a while back for that one though).We have a daughter together, as of a result of her forcing me down, and telling me she was on birth control and verbally admitting later she was not and claiming she told me and that I wasn't listening and such. I love my daughter, but she just doesn't ever let me see her even though we're in the same home. Unfortunately, living in the same home also makes it so I can't go to court for anything. I kind of feel like I was used as a sperm donor and she figured I would leave and just pay child support or maybe she could scare me off (based on other things that happened in the past).Now she's flat out never nice to me, always using our daughter to get money and favors out of me, and print me down constantly. She'll call me childish, worthless, a terrible father, etc. Which I believed for years. But recently, I've woken up. I've realized that I'm not a bad person or parent, that I'm no longer in love with her and that I want to leave. I've even finished my abuse therapy without her knowledge, and I have a plan to leave, though it's a bit crude...In some ways I'm proud that I'm making the right steps, so I can be happy and be a father. Hell I'm proud I've saved enough to move, though I'm worried she'll do all she can to tap me for child support and I won't be able to afford to live here. Especially because I have one friend here and no family (everyone lives about 3000 miles away from me).Despite logically knowing this is the right thing and even at times feeling it, I keep shutting down with these strong feelings of guilt, followed with depression. I'm afraid I won't be able to leave. I'm sure it's just another one of her claws that's sunk deep in me, but I'm really upset with how guilty I feel... when I haven't done anything wrong. Guilt, shame and lime I'm betraying her. I just want to be happy again.
If you have experienced dating abuse, sexual assault, lack of consent, or digital harassment, please consider sharing your story anonymously and safely as part of a new online awareness campaign launched earlier this month. The project is called "DARE: Dating Abuse - raising awareness and education" and its purpose is to demonstrate how often these issues affect people, the impact they have, and the need to stop tolerating abuse. By asking survivors to speak out, we hope to initiate a dialogue and alleviate the stigma attached to abuse survivors. To learn more about the project, share your story, or read stories that have already been submitted,  visit the project website: [www.daretospeakout.com] (http://www.daretospeakout.com/)You can also follow us on [Facebook] (https://www.facebook.com/daretospeakout), [Twitter] (https://twitter.com/DARE_Project), [Tumblr] (http://dareproject1.tumblr.com/) and [Instagram] (https://www.instagram.com/dare_project/). 
This is one of the many things that has happened to me over my life. I've had some pretty extreme stuff happen to me, so there going to be more than this. I have a lot to share. And forgive me for sounding so negative. I'm having extreme struggles right now, as my life has been a total cluster, plus I have a very strong self-loathing due to these events. I am trying to stay strong. I just haven't been able to recover from some of these events, and they damaged me in such a way it changed who I was dramatically.Before I go into the story, I just want to explain something necessary to the story, and about myself, and who I am. This happened when I was 11, and I'm 17 now. I'm a Autistic, very depressed, suicidal, introverted teenager, who spends most of his time working than having fun, because I really don't like being around other people, all because of the events that transpired as I grew up. My childhood was destroyed when I was five, when I was abducted at my school and was molested and sexually tortured by an older man, who almost came back for me once. I am a very beautiful child, according to everyone, although I choose not to accept it. Because of how attractive I am, I usually get a lot of attention by girls at school, and unfortunately another unwanted coward. Several times, older pedophiles have harassed me, touched me, one other even stuck his hands in my pants when I wasn't paying attention.But this occurred several years ago. I was with my family at a tire store, as they were making a payment for a recent set of tires put on. I decided to come in with her, because my brother and dad were arguing in the car. Several Chairs were just to the right of the door. Only three people were there. One of them was a very shady man, in his 50's, wearing a tan fishing shop t-shirt, khaki cap, and jeans. His hair was grey and in a ponytail. He had horrible teeth. While my mom was talking to the cashier, I noticed this man staring at me. I already was feeling uncomfortable, because this was so common for me to deal with, if anyone looked at me, I started to loose it. He reminded me of the man who abused me when I was five. I hid, and noticed he leaned out more slightly to try and see me behind were I was, although he was still sitting. I felt really scared now, so I tried to go back to the car.As a walked past him (he was sitting near the door) he immediately put his hand on my arm. He then said "Hey, Baby..." In a very malicious tone, as if I was his spouse. I asked him what he wanted. He said I looked sexy, and he wanted a piece of me. Holy Fuck. I didn't scream or get my moms attention though, because he had a very weak grip on me, and if he grabbed me, I knew where to aim so he could release me. I really did want to tell someone, but I was nervous because of my father, who would literally beat this guy senseless and had a violent temper, because even if this guy had malicious intentions, my father would be too much of a lesson for him to learn.Before I could move further, he wrapped his other arm around my waist, hand on my crouch. I will not go not detail of what happened next, because it would be too extreme to even put on this form. But, ten minutes later, my mom and dad are furiously attacking this man, while I'm on the floor of my car, crying hysterically after what had just transpired. Five minutes later, this man, now with a bloody, bruised face, is running out of the store, and across the street.I was terribly effected by this incident. I was so upset, I attempted suicide several days later. But that failed. But, as of now, I still am very distraught about that incident. I felt so helpless, and like beauty was a curse. Needless to say, the police never caught that man. It's just I've been harassed so much, it just felt hopeless. But I've been able to keep going with friends and family to support me.Sorry if this entry was too negative, as I am not the best of controlling my emotions. I will try harder not to be so negative. I am just having many other issues right now, like being bullied at school, and my dog that's dying, as well as having been recently diagnosed with cancer last year. But, I will have more to share, but not as intense as this.
I don't want to give away too much so I won't mention state, companies, etc. But basically my office building was purchased a couple months ago and we have a year to move out of our office. Two of my bosses have been scouting the area for a new office building, and one of them is in a nearby town, albeit an area with little public transit access, which makes it a lower rent.However about 5/25 of our office do not have cars, so they are worried about their commute to work. I now have a car but did not for the first 2 years working here, so I feel solidarity with my coworkers who have to rely on 3 bus routes/2 trains and a bus + 20 minute walk to the office. If it weren't for them putting together how much time/money it will cost them to commute to this new location I wouldn't say anything about my personal concerns.My issue is that despite having a car now, the new office building in question is literally 2 buildings away from where my abuser works. We work similar hours and I am terrified of running in to him, whether driving to/from work or at lunch as there is only one restaurant on the street.I think my higher ups are somewhat aware of my abuse as I had to take a week off over the summer to stay with my parents until I could find somewhere to live outside of my abusive situation. My company ended up paying me for it, despite me saying I could go unpaid just to sort out a "family emergency." So I don't want to come off as a mooch or selfish or sympathy monger, especially since I would like to get promoted this spring. But I think, despite wanting to stay with this company, for the sake of my own mental health it would not be good for me to work on the same street as my abuser. Though if I can help out my coworkers who rely on public transit to get to work, my concern could possibly advocate for them as well. So I guess I'm debating whether it's worth mentioning to sway the decision for my behalf, as well as my colleagues', or if it is not an appropriate thing to mention as it would make me sound selfish and weak.Any thoughts/insight/outside perspective?*EDIT: Changed fraction because I am not mathematically inclined. Wanted to make it clearer what percentage was affected.
He was my first (proper) sexual experience, he was 17 at the time (turned 18 the month after we met and told me he was 18) and I was 19. Both guys. I basically just wanted to meet a random guy on grindr to get my first sexual experience with a guy out of the way. I knew it was going to be awkward and I was going to be nervous but I wanted to overcome that so I could have good sex with someone more important.The problem is that it turned out this guy seemed to be someone very important. I wasn't expecting to fall so hard for him - after the first time we met (and had sex), I couldn't stop smiling for the rest of the day. I told him that I couldn't stop thinking about him and he thought it was cute and we agreed to meet the next day as well. We walked through the city together for a few hours and chatted - I was nervous, he was lovely. And then we went home and had sex again. Later that night he came over again and watched a movie with me and we stayed up the whole night having sex. It felt like it couldn't be more perfect.Not only was sex with him amazing (I've slept with seven other people after him and he was still the best sexual experience), but it felt like I could connect with him so well. There was an incredible amount of things that we had in common. He was generally rather beautiful.At the same time however, he always stressed that we were just friends because he didn't want to break anyone's heart. He said he wasn't that kind of person. Even when I told him I couldn't stop thinking about him he warned me not to let him take over my mind.However, obviously, I did let him take over my mind and I ended up telling him how I felt about him and asked him if we ever had a chance together. He responded by saying 'maybe. But first I want us to become good friends, really good friends and then we'll see what happens'.This was said just before I was leaving the country and I basically became really desperate to see him again and I would pester him every day. The next few months (when I wasn't in the same country) I think I actually went crazy: he was constantly on my mind, I was constantly texting him, I was crying (something I never usually do) and basically all over the place. The result was that he pulled away and just said to me that he wasn't interested in me.Then I came back to the same country briefly and pestered him even more. I got more and more desperate and would tell him things like how I got abused in the past (something I've never told anyone) and that it felt like he was the person who I felt like could bring me happiness. We still never ended up meeting again.Now after more than six months I feel a lot more stable after having experienced being in a relationship with someone else and generally I'm more confident about things, mainly with sex and my sexual identity.But it is still something that causes a lot of anguish for me. I can't help but feel that if I had met him later in my life, things would have been a lot smoother and I wouldn't have been so full on with him. I would even now just be happy to have a 'friends with benefits' kind of relationship with him, because I know how those kinds of relationships work now. But it feels like I've ruined any chance I had of seeing him again.The fact that he said 'maybe' is something that still haunts me. It just makes me feel despair for my situation - why did I have to grow up in a homophobic family? Why did I have to be abused? Why did I have to grow up in a different country (my family comes from the same town as him and I briefly lived there as a child)? If things had been more different I might have had the confidence and correct circustances to have had a chance with him.Once again, I'll be going back to the same country (for good, I'm hoping this time) and I really want to try and meet him again but I don't know if I can recover what I've destroyed so badly.
   Six years ago, I was going through a really tough time in my life, and I met a wonderful girl that supported me through it all. We ended up in a long distance relationship. I ended up sacrificing so much of my life to move across country to live with her. At first, things were great. We got a long really well and were very much in love. I think all of this started when my cat died... You see, she liked dogs and had a large one. I had gotten her a small dog because I knew she would miss having a dog, but she insisted on bringing her large dog despite my disapproval and despite the fact that there was no way we could care for it. The dog ended up killing my cat one night. I was hurt and, in the moment, blamed her for it. She denied that it was her dog and thought it had to be some other reason the cat was dead with blood pouring out of her mouth and there were blood trails around the perimeter of the room. She said she was worried that I was going to blame her even though she still believed it wasn't her dog. I made the mistake of deciding right then that I would try to deal with my emotions on my own to stop from hurting her.       We argued, like any couple, but she was a violent person. She began beating me when we argued. I remember the first time it happened, I just curled up into a ball and said "You hit me." while sobbing. She didn't care at the moment and it would be a long time before she apologized.        She was a very sexual person, but after the way she was treating me, there were times when I didn't want to have sex. This would anger her and she would beat me again. There were times when I would cave in and let her have sex with me despite not wanting to because I was afraid that if I didn't, she would hit me or that I was disappointing her and that she would leave. We lived together for almost three years and it has been almost that long since I had sex that I truly wanted. Every time we had sex, even when I was the one that initiated it, it was because I thought I had to have sex with her or she would leave. And the sex was terrible. We were both each other's first lover, but she had this strange idealization of sex. She thought it was supposed to be literally the most amazing thing in the world. And the first few times we had sex, she would belittle me. I'm an attractive guy. I know that. The first few times we had sex, it was all new to me and I had trouble getting it in at first if I didn't get it in on the first try she would immediately sigh and say, "You're not even in yet." I knew I wasn't in... its not like I could magically gain sexual prowess after a few times... One of the things that hurt the worst was that later down the line, she would claim that she thought that she never had an orgasm. I know this was wrong, because I always went out of my way to make sure she did. Especially when we first moved in together, we would be having sex for well over half an hour and I know enough to tell when she was having an orgasm and she was too inexperienced to fake it that well. All of this culminated in me growing incredibly distant from her. I would stay up late on my computer with my friends because I wanted to have the excuse of being too tired for sex. And there was never any romance on her part when we had sex. Some of the best times we ever had was when I started out romantic with lots of kissing and holding her close, but she would never do anything similar. Her idea of initiating sex was to roll over and latch onto my crotch. It got to the point that I couldn't bear to have her touch me there unless I was in the mood to have sex.        I'll admit, there were situations I didn't handle very well. I would respond in kind to things she would do to me when we argued. When she would get violent, most of the time we would end up wrestling with each other until I was able to pin her and we would both calm down. Once, I had all I could take and I slugged her in the arm. She threatened to call the cops. I didn't care. Later, I would snap once more. She had stopped hitting me a long time ago, but I never really got over the abuse. One time, she hit me again and I slammed her against the wall and put my elbow to her throat. I gave her the look of a stone cold killer, and it struck fear into her heart. I would have never killed her, but I looked at her with all the rage and torment in my heart.        With all that I've said... you would think that I left her. But this is not the case. One day, I came home from work and she was gone. When she finally contacted me, she broke up through a text. The next few days I was filled with despair and rage. She blamed me for everything that happened. She tried to tell me I was a monster and that she was terrified of me. Eventually, I realized the abuse she put me through and confronted her on it. It made her angry. Her attitude was how dare I accuse her of being abusive when I was the one that slammed her against a wall and came close to choking her. She would later realize what she did to me and apologize. I made the same old mistake again because I still loved her. I tried telling her it was okay and that she shouldn't beat herself up over it. I still believe that she should try to work past it, but it wasn't okay. I was in agony contacting her every day and realized that this was bad for me. I made her promise that if I tried to contact her within the next week, that she wouldn't answer. I did well and did not attempt to contact her at all, but four days into the week, she called me. She said she was sorry for everything and that she wanted to go back to being friends and being nice to each other. Part of me hoped that this would be us on the road to fixing our relationship even though she told me she didn't love me anymore. I knew she was lying about that. I knew her well enough to know that deep down she did have feelings for me. I tried being friends for the next few days. We had some really nice conversations about things that weren't part of the relationship. I was really happy with that, but I could feel despair creeping in whenever there was a pause in our conversation. I tried to get her to come visit me so that I could see how we would feel around each other and know if this was something worth pursing or if I should just break contact again. Then yesterday, I found out that she had started dating someone new. I don't think she broke up with me to go be with him. I think he is just someone that was there for her during the break up and I know that its just going to end in misery for the both of them, but it still made me incredibly angry. I called her and yelled and said things I shouldn't have. I was so angry that she would replace me so easily. I was so angry that she strung me along by saying we could be friends. And I was so angry at myself for falling into the same old trap once again. I told her it was going to be the last conversation we ever had, and it ended up with her hanging up on me after a long silence. I'm sad that it ended that way, but I intend to keep my word about breaking contact.        I'm just now realizing how terrible she was for me and I can't understand why I still love her. It just hurts so much that I'm realizing that my world view was completely distorted. I always made excuses for her and always sacrificed myself for her because I always thought she was worth it and that she would return the sentiment. She never did. She was the one that noticed something was wrong and she didn't do anything to attempt to fix it. I was blissfully ignorant that things were as bad as they were. She didn't even try to get us to go to counselling for any of our problems. Probably because she didn't think she had any problems. She was never romantic towards me. She never did anything to try and fix our problems. She just told me and expected me to fix them, but I didn't realize how bad our problems were. She complained about how I never spent time with her, but never tried to come up with things for us to do together and typically shot down my ideas.        I'm just starting to realize how horrible she was to me and I've found that the only way I can do that it talk to other people because they almost always see things so much differently than I. Thank you for reading and please let me know what you thing about all this. Am I right in completely breaking contact with her? How do I deal with how much I still love her? Am I really the evil person she made me out to be?
It's been almost 13 years of marriage... and I STILL have problems having sex. It terrifies or disgusts me often times. And it's totally random, even tho I KNOW I always enjoy it (now, anyway... it used to hurt because my body would shut down).Anyway... today my husband came home after a particularly difficult day at work. He was super sweet and affectionate to me. Lots of hugs and cuddles. Then he asked me if we could "go upstairs" ... my stomach turned and after that, I felt like the only reason he was being sweet and loving is because he wanted to have sex with me. I told him as much (after he told me that he was disappointed in me) and he said that that wasn't the reason, but I still FEEL like it is, ya know?When he told me he was disappointed in me, at first he wouldn't tell me why. When I told him that I thought he was disappointed in me just because I won't have sex with him, he agreed with me.Now... he's seriously the sweetest man you'll ever meet, and I can understand... but still.I just don't know what to do, guys. I still get horny, but it's usually when he's gone. =/ I just can't believe I'm still having problems with this after 13 years of marriage and being out of my abuser's house ... although I do still associate with my abuser (my Dad). I dunno what I'm asking or whatever. Maybe... has anyone else had something like this? Anyone overcome it?
This is something of a rant but...My fiancé is abusive.  He grew up in an abusive home, and now reacts the same way to situations as his father did.  [TW for the next two paragraphs]It got really bad last year, when for several weeks he would choke me while threatening my life.   That's when I realized there was something wrong.  It eventually culminated in mild sexual abuse when he kept me in the bathroom for half an hour, then spent fifteen minutes slapping/playing with my genitals while making comments about why I was turned on.  It ended when I moved out for a week or so.It calmed down until last November, when he started to abuse me again and he's kept it up for the last several months.  For example, when I asked him to pack his lunch in his backpack this morning(which I'd made him) he forgot.  I got a speech this afternoon about how I'm fucking useless, a heartless cunt, etc. while I raced home to get it.  He's pulled a knife once or twice.  Yesterday, I failed in finding his phone after he went to sleep the night before and he kicked the table around.  I ended up freaking out, and screaming, and he clasped his hands around my mouth; I crawled away as fast as possible in terror.  He calmed down, but made me pick up the shards of a jar he broke.Anyway, I just really don't know what to do.  My fiancé knows he's abusive, but he keeps doing these things.  I want to stand by and love and forgive him, but he keeps hurting me.  Hell, I'm developing worrying signs of flashbacks from last year.  I'm constantly on edge around him.  Anything I do wrong is ruthlessly picked apart.Just...what the hell do I do?  Can anyone sympathize, or offer advice?  I just feel so lonely in this, and like this is all my fault.  And I don't have a real good measuring stick of what a healthy relationship is since this is my first.
I was viciously abused as a kid, I continue to get abused. Physical and emotional. And these I go to work at my job and get psychologically abused by coworkers, because the abuse I suffered as a child has made me so susceptible to being fucked with by random people around me. I never got any closure. My abusers never gave me any closure, no admission. Does all this shit end? Is there any justice in the world when some miserable cunt in your life, whether stranger or relative, makes you feel like you are nothing but dirt? I know it never ends and there is no justice. I could solve almost all my problems with an aluminum baseball bat but then I'm the bad guy. These people will all live comfortable lives and I have to live with the effects of their shit. Life. You may see me posting on the suicide watch subreddit soon, I'm very prepared to put a bullet in my own head 
I don't even know where to start and this is going to be lengthy but I have to get this off my chest to someone other than my therapist. First of all I am a man in my mid-twenties. In the past few months I have become increasingly convinced that I was abused as a child even though I have no concrete memories of such. This is not something anyone has planted in my head but rather something I have begrudgingly accepted as likely after reviewing the facts. I think it may have been started by reading the symptoms on adults from CSA and being devastated by how completely at least 90% of them described me.There's a lot, but these are some of the things that stick out the most (the first two are the biggest):- Every time I read or hear about sexual abuse, rape of any kind but especially of children, I basically get an immediate panic attack. I become nauseous, get light-headed, feel like I am going to pass out. I am even feeling this to a small degree just typing this paragraph. I have experienced this since at least age 9 or 10, and had to leave the classroom many times whenever we would discuss anything like this in school -- even just regular Sex Ed, anything to do with sex, would bring on this intense reaction of disgust and anxiety. If I didn't get away from it soon enough my vision would go and my ears would ring and I would indeed pass out. I'm no longer as sensitive to discussion of plain sex, but I still have that reaction to anything abuse-related. Even if I am alone searching on my computer about it I always have to stop after anywhere between five to twenty minutes, unless I take a Klonopin.- Since at least elementary school I have had a profoundly ambivalent reaction toward all other men. It's as if there's an immediate distrust or dislike towards them, including younger ones of my age but especially older men. I generally feel safe around women, as if they are these kind of protectors of my security -- but most men, strangers or otherwise, make me feel immediately uneasy. Also, I have always felt this weird assumed sexual tension with older men, as if I immediately and irrationally expect them to be sexually attracted to me or expect them to prey on me. I then feel either disgusted and angry or almost flattered and as if I want to receive their affection, and then may strive to be a "good student" if they are a teacher for example, but even that typically goes back to anger and distrust or acting out. All of this is just a very quick subconscious kind of reaction I have been having since I was a kid until this day. And BTW I am straight, not bisexual, and I have never had sexual feelings for men; I feel my sexual identity is quite firm. No idea where else this would come from and it just weirds me out and strains a lot of relationships or potential relationships.- I started masturbating at an unusually early age, either 3 or 4 I believe. I would "hump" the ground basically though I don't remember how I learned to do this. I also remember having these ridiculously elaborate sexual daydreams when I was 5 or 6. I had a couple older siblings, but I really don't think they exposed me to any kind of explicit material at that early age.- For some reason, observing various childhood-related things -- from toys and childrens TV programming to kids themselves -- usually fills me with a kind of inexplicable deep sadness. I find it kind of hard to be around kids, especially crying or upset ones, and just going into a toy store for example makes me oddly sad and disturbed.- I have almost always been extremely shy and introverted/quiet, but many people including my parents attest to the fact that there was an extreme and noticeable shift from a more talkative and cheery me as a baby and toddler to this quieter self, around the age of 5 or 6. My parents are convinced this change coincided with the eye surgery I went through at age 6 but I'm not so sure it's necessarily that, or *only* that. Sure, I remember it as a very unpleasant thing for a little kid like me to go through, in addition to having to wear glasses with bi-focals and go to a million eye doctor visits, but I can't see it causing all the things I was left with after that.- All the typical symptoms of an abuse survivor fit me uncomfortably well. I'll list some for example: I am a recovering heroin/opiate addict and have used various substances since age 13, and had an addictive mentality about everything since I was a kid; I constantly apologize to others, always saying "thank you" or "sorry" unnecessarily, I very very much feel as if I'm not worthy and my self esteem has been very low as long as I can remember; I always have had depression and suicidal thoughts to an extent, often I just want to crawl into a hole and have everyone leave me alone -- the world is a scary place to me and thus I retreat into solitude or drugs or calming activities at home; I feel uncomfortable with certain touches or being touched at all sometimes, and occasionally when my GF has touched me down there it's elicited the same specific tingling, uncomfortable feeling which froze me up for a moment for reasons I can't understand completely; I've always had OCD, sometimes very bad, doing dumb little tasks in order to make myself feel "safe," or also having intrusive thoughts often of a sexual and uncomfortable nature; at age 5 I very suddenly became afraid of the dark (ostensibly, IIRC, because some picture-book about tigers and lions I read) and had to position myself at night with the covers ALL the way over my head and always facing the door so I could see it, all of which lasted into my teens and certain aspects to this day; and finally, I dissociate sometimes, to the point where I kind of don't feel like I am "me" -- especially in emotional/disturbing situations I am good at just becoming numb and shutting down and almost going out of my head/body, though generally the dissociation I experience is much more of a consistent, subtle kind whereby on a daily basis I don't quite feel I am really living my life, as if I am just watching it unfold but it seems surreal to suddenly realize a simple fact like, for example, I have a wonderful GF who I very much love.- I have been having awful nightmares for the past year or so but especially the past 2 months since I started questioning if I may have been abused. It's as if every dream I have is a nightmare. I can rarely recall the details very well but it's almost always revolving around being chased or tormented by some horrific person or presence. I have woken up literally screaming at least a couple times in the past 2 months; last night I had another of these nightmares and I don't know if I was screaming when I woke suddenly but it felt like it, and there have been dozens of these disturbing sudden awakenings in the past couple months where it takes a little bit to shake off the nightmare.So I just have been an emotional wreck in the last two months since thinking of this and talking about it to my therapist. He is supportive and good and he never says that it's definitely one way or the other in terms of if I was abused or not. I always try to keep this skepticism, but in recent weeks it's been more difficult to do so because the more we talk and the more I think and feel, the more disturbed I am -- it's as if I feel it deep down that I know there is something wrong here. Just for starters, the whole panic attack at the slightest talk of rape/CSA but not any other topic thing, along with my distrust of and weird sexual presumptions about other men... I don't know why I would have these things for any other reason. I don't know why I would spend so many nights of the past couple months nearly crying myself to sleep over these emotions if it was just a meaningless red herring or whatever. (Nevertheless, I constantly think how much of an idiot I would feel like if I did somehow find out I was never abused, after all this emotional soul searching and time of being convinced something happened).Please help. I feel so lost and devastated and conflicted and emotional and just weird. I don't know what to do, or to think. The uncertainty of all this is killing me because it's as if I have all the strong emotions and crippling symptoms but none of the actual memories or proof that it was something that happened. It's not like I want this to be true that I am a victim, but it simply feels too real and has fucked me up too much for me to just be able to brush it off.   Any advice, comments, relevant experiences or other help is immensely appreciated. I'm sorry for such a long/rambling post.
My abusive was physical and sexual. After I left the abusive guy, I quickly got into a relationship with a wonderful guy who made me happy. I recently broke up with him because we were long distance and he was a shit communicator.I've had issues with sex addiction in the past, but it was only a minor issue in a relationship. I'm a fiercely loyal and monogamous girlfriend. Now that I've left him I've been sleeping with anyone who will let me get my hands on them, both men and women (don't worry, everything's been safe). I've never been like this before. Before this little phase I never "slept around." I had only slept with one person I wasn't in a relationship with and honestly didn't enjoy it much and figured I wouldn't do it again. Total, I'd slept with four guys, three in long term relationships and one not.Since my ex and I split in the beginning of the year, I've slept with four different men and one woman. I miss him so much and I am just so desperate to get my mind off him, but now I feel like a cheap whore. People say rebounding is supposed to make you feel better... I just feel worse now.I feel like this might have to do with the abuse since I was never like this before.I don't know if I'm looking for advice or if I'm just ranting... I just felt like I had to write this.
This might be long.When I was very little, my parents divorced. My mother married another man when I was in elementary school. He seemed all right but was often gone for work. When he did come back from these work trips, he was quite abusive. You see, he was very insistent on chores. I understand giving children responsibilities at a young age is great, but for me, I was an only child and my mother was a bit of a slob, so I was constantly cleaning. My mother used to reprimand him, saying I wasn't his slave to do as he wished.Nonetheless, she wasn't home all the time to protect me. He had very strict demands for cleaning--it had to be done every day, and within an hour. Granted, we typically lived in trailers, but it was tough. I tried to keep with it but if my mom came home and messed up my work, he'd say I never cleaned. I would try to explain the truth but he'd never hear it--he'd say I should confess and take the punishment. And so I would; I would confess to "being lazy" and take that punishment because it was a lot easier than dealing with him calling me a liar and hitting me even harder.It took me years to realize it was abuse. I got spankings, sure, but the backhanded hits and other things were so much worse. I've been held up against the wall by my throat, thrown at the couch so hard it flipped over, thrown on my bed, thrown on the floor (damn rug burns). He was smart enough not to leave bruises where people would see. And he said if I ever reported him, either no one would believe me or it would be my fault the family suffered because he made most of the money (and supposedly I never knew how to tell both sides of the story).At the peak of this era, he twisted my mother's arm against the washer machine. He sort of finally realized he was abusive and promised never to lay another hand on us. But where the physical abuse ended, the emotional only began. He used to tell me how worthless I was, what I bitch I was, how I would end up pregnant before ever graduating high school (despite my chastity vows).Let's fast forward a bit. He's calmed down a bit over the years and I'm an adult living with my SO. I don't trust him whatsoever and avoid spending time alone with him alone because I'm still afraid.Then my mom had a surprise pregnancy. All the events from those years came flooding back and my biggest fear is my little sibling will go through similar trauma. To what extent my mother knew about the abuse I wasn't sure, but I tried to bring it up. She was upset I never mentioned it before (which is BS, she knew exactly what was going on, she chose to ignore it, she has issues of her own).Since my sibling was born, my stepdad has seemed pretty kind to him and a picture-perfect dad. He even apologized that he'd never given me that kind of treatment. I guess it's different since it's his flesh and blood but I still worry.Do I have the right to worry? Is it worth bringing up the past if only to protect my little brother? I will fight for him and want to protect him, but does history always repeat itself? Is my stepdad "reformed" or "calmed down" or just biding his time?TLDR: Stepdad was abusive as **** when I was younger, I have considerable anxiety to this day about myself in general, and now the arrival of my little brother has me worried history will repeat itself. Advice?
I was physically/emotionally abused for 21 years and I'm 29 now. Realizing that a lot of my issues are too much to tackle on my own, so I tried going to a counselor. It was really hard, i hate being vulnerable like that. I've seen them for 4 months and I feel like progress is too slow. It's like we don't click or something. I want to leave with things to do and try on my own, ways to quantify progress, techniques for helping me feel emotions more or de-escalate them during a panic attack or something. I've mostly just gone and talked. I don't feel like I leave with much that is useful. So I've decided to stop going to her and see someone else. It was hard enough the first time, I want to do it right. I don't want to be a hot potato between counselors. I doubt there's a magic formula to find the right one, but even just hearing what's worked out/not from you guys would be a big help.
Hello. I'm writing this as a way to try to piece things together, I guess, and none of the friends I'd tell this to are awake.  **Background info:** I was a lone child, bullied in school, and always felt "different" but not enough for a diagnosis on its own. X had PTSD, was probably a psychopath, had bpd tendencies, and possibly a narcissist. They were a very scarred person, for valid but private reasons, and I still hold sympathy for them.  So: Two years ago I moved back to my parents. By then I had been in a relationship with X for five or six years, starting early in the year I'd become 17. That was when my roller coaster-y battle with PTSD began.    The start of our relationship was exciting for me - the person I was in a romantic relationship with at the time had been neglecting me and this dark and mysterious stranger with a shady past and good looks whisked me up, told me about their sad life, and said that even though I wasn't really that much of a looker - my personality was what attracted them.    16-year-old me thought this was a-ok. After all, to pretentious 16-year-old me, only vain people go by looks anyway. My parents told me that I'd said that X was the only person who could ever love me, but I have no memories of that. Just the small things that would start as the relationship progressed - like asking me not to see my friends of the opposite sex, or dance at a school ball, which I thought were okay things to give up so my partner wouldn't be anxious.   Little by little I had to report where I was and how come I wouldn't be available, and while our fights could blow way out of proportion I always told myself that "90% of this relationship is good, it's just fighting".    Fighting, involving me crying my eyes out and begging X not to go into the forest to drink themselves into a stupor. Or X hitting themselves in the head over and over again, telling me how worthless they were, while I cried and begged them to please stop. They'd repeatedly knock their fist in the wall, "thud... thud... thud..." and sigh, and I'd have no clue what to say or do. I'm really good at picking up when my partner is anxious or upset now, and it *instantly* fills me with panic and dread.    There was very little sexual "violence", at least. In above mentioned situations I'd sometimes offer my body for some "make up sex" (because I knew sex=happy partner) and X could do it very roughly and in a way that felt uncomfortable for me. I kept silent, wishing the act would just be over - this was after all my own choice. I'd been the one to ask them to have sex with me.    Actually, X wanted a lot of sex. One time at 16 I'd been feverish due to an inflammation, and they said that my feverish whimpers were "sexy" and demanded I'd at least pleasure them with my hands.  After that, my sex drive went to the gutter. But I still had to please X because, hey, that's what a good partner does - every morning and every night. We'd try to get me off too, but it was too uncomfortable at times, or just too time-consuming due to my sensitivity. Maybe once or twice per week, or per month eventually.    Back to that graduation ball. It was when I was 18. X made me promise not to dance that night because they were already in enough anxiety and pain. Yet when I was there, a couple of same-sex friends accused X of being the reason I couldn't have fun! While they were right, I also recalled being shouted at that I never stood up for X - so I went "oh no I'm just tired but I guess we can do one dance". I went to the dance floor and jammed a bit, then went home and immediately told X - who proceeded to go into a spitting rage how they ought to just take a baseball bat and go to the school and smash the living shit out of those fucking whores.  Yeah... I just remember crying.    When I was 20 we moved to a different city for my studies, and here memories get a bit hazy. I was, ironically, victim to a manipulative bastard online, which my abuser would use AGAINST me later - "How could you make me feel that way? Do you know what it was like for ME to see you sit there and constantly apologize? I just feel like I can't trust you to not involve yourself with assholes, and *I* will be the one to suffer about it when you start whining!! This has left me with a deep emotional scar!"  I cried a lot then, too.    We were always short on money. X didn't have an income, and where I'm from you are granted a monthly student loan - which should be enough for one person and a little more. We were poor, and I admit I didn't always spend that money wisely - sometimes buying games for X because I felt bad for them sitting at home with nothing to do while I was away. After a while that student loan disappeared, because I was too depressed to study.I didn't realize this. I blamed my inability to function properly on being lazy.    This time was bad. I had constant stomach problems due to the economic stress, X would often require a lot of sexual attention that started to hurt me because I felt too uncomfortable for foreplay. I remember getting off once while they touched me but I felt uncomfortable and disgusting the whole time, afterwards too, and I'd have a lot of scalding showers because sometimes I'd just feel grimy, like there was a layer of slime on my upper arms. They'd often caress my butt or grab me, or do things like expose their genitals to my face - despite me obviously being very uncomfortable with this.   X would get mad if I fell asleep at the wrong times, and for not being supportive enough towards them. I wasn't loving and caring enough, and I did so many wrong things, like getting addicted to games. Whenever my parents called it would always one way or another lead to money, so I didn't like talking to them. By the end of this period, X started suggesting I should get into sex work. I didn't want to, but considered it enough to create accounts on a few sites and, despite not having the money for food, *ordering an expensive camera.*    They would also call me "flabby" due to my stomach rolls. My BMI was maybe 20-21 at the time, but I think I'm still affected by this. My therapist said I expressed feelings about my own body that were similar to those with ED's, even though I do love food.    Finally, we realized we couldn't keep living that way and we moved. I eventually broke up, but only after having developed feelings for my current partner. And believe me, one of the worst things about that was being in love with someone else while still pretending you like your abuser *while you are currently boning your abuser*, lest they'd start to complain and be irritated/possibly violent.    We stayed in touch for a bit after that, but I felt weird and always on-edge, and like I wouldn't trust this person for the life of me. I felt like I was different, like I was playing the part of this shell of a person who tried everything to please X, while at the same time feeling contempt for everything they'd done, all the money and time I'd lost, and them repeatedly suggesting the only reason I had friends was because my friends wanted to have sex with me.    That is, by the way, totally not making me suspicious as fuck towards new people.    So, why am I writing this? In the end because it feels so weird. The doctor I told when I was diagnosed with PTSD said it was "marvelous"(or something) that I'd gotten out of it. To me, I just failed in setting limits - I failed to take care of that person. I agreed to most of that sex/rape, some of it I even enjoyed which is painful to admit, but there it is. X never hit me except for a few rare occasions I'd get close trying to prevent them from punching themselves in the face. They'd liken me to a whore a few times, later retracting the statement. They'd sexually harass me, prevent me from joining activities or being with people. Whenever I cried or when I faced hardships or harassment from other people it was often my own fault for being so fucking stupid to end up there in the first place. At the same time, I was praised for being intelligent and stimulating to talk to. X complained I never did anything for them, but they never did anything for me.    And all this feels so little. So minor. There are people fighting wars out there, people who are raped "for real". People growing up with abusive parents and poor neighborhoods and with all kind of crap. And I would sometimes hit X back, or do things against their will that they'd keep bring up in arguments. X told me I was emotionally neglecting them, I just "didn't get" it, and that I surely hadn't been treating X well either.    Well. I'm currently so depressed I had to quit school, I can't watch sex scenes on TV without holding my ears and closing my eyes (for a long while now), I feel like I shouldn't be this low because I can still be happy. Apparently, according to my therapist, I am not displaying "general depression" because I don't want to kill myself and I eat/sleep normally - which is a tiny bit bullshit because I often don't have the energy to cook. The food tastes okay, but I just don't want to make effort. I eat antidepressants and have done for a year, but hobbies I used to have when I was with X simply have no meaning or reward.    I... feel like I'm afraid of getting better. It's like I'm in a bathtub of syrup and I know I should get up, but it's easier just to lie in there. I see people rushing to work around me, and I feel bad because maybe I'm not doing anything because I don't **want** to do anything - because I'm lazy and I don't want to work.    I sometimes feel like I don't know who I am, but not like I'm dissociating. I'm fixing emotionally on *one* person, my partner, and don't want to interact with other people. It feels like I'm behind a bubble and everyone else is normal, while I don't belong. People sometimes tell me I'm a nice person, but I can't for the life of me absorb it through the bubble-shell. My self-perceived inferiority-complex is the size of a moon.    And I smiled and worked okay in the part-time job I had before I went on sick-leave. I'd tell people cooking advice, I'd laugh, make stupid jokes, and be interested in science and games. Somehow I think that's the "real" me, the shell that I'm trying to inhabit again. Sometimes it works, but then you pull it off and realize it's still just a skin and you don't really know who you really are.    I think that's it for now, judging by how exhausted I feel. Sorry for the length and haphazardness; I never claimed to be a good writer. Any advice or comments of similar situations are more than appreciated.    EDIT: Paragraphs for easier reading.
I volunteer as a CASA.  I did a home visit while the children were vising their parents, unsupervised for a couple of hours.  I noticed there were some unopened toys in the back of the closet.  I can't stop wondering why.  I picked up one of the toys, I acted as though it was something that might have been overlooked and suggested we open it.  The children made no move at all.  These are normally gregarious children.  They had been previously upbeat, but the sight of the toys turned the tide.  What am I missing?Is this a hallmark of some sort of abuse that I am not yet aware of in this particular situation?  I would appreciate any insight that you could provide.  Their best interest is my only concern.  If there is nothing there, that would be fantastic.  If there is something there, I need to know.
From a very young age, I remember my mom and stepdad having sex in front of me. It's just a fact of life when living in a small space. They were both very young, sexual people, and as such I grew up believing that a sexual household was pretty normal.Even so, I was quite uncomfortable when my stepdad would slap or grab my butt. Or say anything sexual around me at all, which was a daily occurrence. I didn't like him and didn't want that kind of attention from him. My mom would encourage me to loosen up, because he was just being playful.At some point when I was about 10, I woke up in the middle of the night to him on the side of my bed, massaging me. Just on the back and legs.  I was really uncomfortable, but didn't know how to react in such a situation---so I pretended I was still sleeping. This happened pretty much nightly from there on out--he would come in to massage me in the middle of the night, but at some point he started rubbing my butt under the clothes. He would brush past my vagina, but anytime he would actually touch it I kicked at him.  When my mom wasn't around, he would tell me how sexy I looked and that I should wear more revealing clothes. He said terribly inappropriate things all the time and looked at me in a way that made me truly hate him. Just being around any men made my skin crawl.But that was it. It never went beyond that. For 6 years (until my dad found out), this happened and I felt so guilty for letting it happen, and letting myself feel uncomfortable. I feel ten times worse  that it still makes me ill just thinking about it, because I know that so many women (and men) have been through so much worse. I don't deserve to feel this way.
It's not like I was making immense progress in my life even when I was *starting* to feel safe again.Now a whole new guy is an issue:http://i.imgur.com/QVXIQIl.jpgYes, a police report had been filed. They "dealt" with him but he's not in jail. He could come here any time he wants. He knows where I live.For anyone going through my comment history, it's not any of my exes.What do...?
Ready for it to be over.  So I can raise my kids in peace.  And heal my five year olds trauma.   So tired of the legal system.  And most of all this man who came into my life, pillaged it, and now stalks us.   Just needed to vent.  
Sorry if this post is a bit curt, even typing about this is hard. My biggest problem is numbness and feeling unreal. Part of this is that I am totally, totally unable to be emotionally vulnerable with anyone...when I try to 'open up' to someone (partner, therapist, whatever), either I end up kind of blanking out and disconnecting from what I'm talking about (so it has no emotional weight, like it happened to someone else), or if I don't, it feels horrendous, really violating and gross, and I can't carry on talking. I feel like the only way I'm ever going to get better and get less numb is by actually emotionally connecting to this stuff, but I just can't figure out a way to do it. Feel so stuck :/
I was in a questionable FWB relationship with one of my coworkers, who was soon promoted to my manager. I was well aware that he had a fiance and a child and I know that kinda makes me the bad guy. A homewrecker if you will, but I work hard to convince myself it wasn't my fault. Everything that happened happened as a result of his careful orchestration. My abuser started persuing me before I even worked with him (probably had a hand in getting me hired tbh). I was 15 and he was 22, when he first started trying to hook up with me. For a short while he had me convinced he was single, but it turned out he had a girlfriend (only one year older than me me, and orphaned. Talk about an opportunist.) I found out and called him out on it, and he left me alone for about half a year, but still worked on wooing me, and it worked. I loved the attention. Enough to ignore how weird it was that he always wanted details on my sex life, who I was dating. How it was going, how far we went, and so on. By the time I turned 18 I had enough. He had a new fiancee and a child, and I should have told him to fuck off and got myself a new job, but after 3 years of him pestering me, I let him pop my cherry on the floor of my work. It was kinda fun and exciting, but then he got pushy. He wanted that every day after work, and became mean if I didn't want it. This problem only got worse when he got promoted, and I found myself giving him blowjobs on lunch breaks to keep from being reamed about the quality of my work in front of my coworkers. I finally did end up breaking it off and moving to a new state. I deleted him from my music and photo library. No more songs I downloaded to impress him. No more nudes I wish I hadn't sent. He visited my state and tried to hit me up and I got out of it. I wish I told him to fuck off and take a hint. I moved to another state to get away from my past, but instead strategically made myself unavailable as if I didn't want to start a fight. And while my friends tell me it was abuse, and that it was not my fault, I don't really know that is true. I want to believe it, but I should have known what I was getting into, and I'm just kind of ashamed I let it happen at all. I guess the real moral of this story is that abuse isn't alwayz black and white. To this day I seek validation that it was not my faulf and still question whether it really was abuse or if I'm just being dramatic. Even with that validation im still not proud of myself. I've told a few people who were around when it was taking place, but I'll be damned if I tell anyone who didn't witness it, cuz it just feels too stupid.
I posted here not too long ago about my upbringing. The feedback I got is helping me accept the abuse I received growing up. It's hard for me, though, and sometimes I just feel like talking about it so someone will validate that what I experienced was abusive and/or not ok. Because I can't validate myself a lot of the time, and I'm still trying to let myself accept that covert abuse is still abuse. Does anyone else experience this need for validation?
http://www.verizon.com/about/responsibility/hopeline/get-involvedI donated the phone I had which my abusers had the number to and control of via the phone plan. I think it's a rather fitting way to get rid of their method of contact over me, and I wanted to share this charity with others in case they may feel the same amount of satisfaction that I did when I sent the phone from my abusers to a place that helps the abused.Edited to add: I didn't have to pay for the postage; there's a printout shipping label available on the website that doesn't cost anything.
I experienced multiple forms of abuse and neglect growing up. It has left me with emotional problems, cptsd etc. in which I hope to heal from. I struggle to this day, but it is a battle worth fighting. (24f)One of the abusers was a parent that harmed me over a span of many years, physically and emotionally. I was eventually removed from the home.I was also sexually abused by a female relative and I have a lot of screwy feelings about it. I wish I could repress it from my mind but I truly remember what happened. I remember it occurring often since very early childhood to about 5 or 6. My genital area would be touched, smelled, and viewed in an ongoing ritual when this relative was with me. Sometimes they would try to do it in my sleep. Some memories are blurry but I recall irritation and discomfort from the "games". I remember eventually feeling very uncomfortable about it and asking them to stop, so they did. I believe they realized it was wrong as well and decided to stop before it was discovered. I don't want to demonize this person. What they did was obviously screwed up, but overall they made some effort to be a loving person in my life. I'm pretty sure they think I don't remember or blocked out these memories. I'm not sure if they are in denial of ever doing it, or sometimes aware and disturbed by recalling it. This person seems to have a lot of anxiety, depression, and shame about her actions in life. I feel sorry for her. Maybe they do not think of the abuse at all. This person also didn't predict the amount of abuse I'd experience in childhood or fathom that she was secretly one my earliest abusers. Nobody really knows this happened. Nobody would possibly believe it, as she is the "caring" family member and a kind woman that stepped in to help me and my brother. I recall when my brother was around 8 or 9 he started saying she is a "lesbian". We are 2 years apart and he came to this conclusion by witnessing the intense sexualization of me as a small child. She was very furious about him saying this. He eventually dismissed this notion from his head and it will never be spoken of again. Other than him, I don't know of anyone that could have been a witness or have any recollection of these things happening. Before I fully understood that genitals are are a private area and not something to play with, I recall being in a shopping mall with some family friends and the abuser. Me and another girl my age were playing around in the clothing isles and making "bridges" to crawl under by standing with our legs apart and taking turns crawling through them making train noises. When it was my turn to crawl under I playfully started tickling the other girls genital region, making her laugh. The girls mother saw this happen, and swiftly grabbed me by the shirt and smacked me HARD in the face. I was totally dumbfounded. She was trying to protect her daughter from something I had completely normalized. She cursed at me in her language and took her daughter away, leaving me crying under a rack. The fucked up part is the abuser was there, saw this happen and was laughing. She did nothing to console me, we just turned and left the mall in silence. I felt disgusting, horrible shame. This memory makes me question her motives and ability to have compassion, as she was clearly amused by the scenerio of me touching another child and getting smacked. She did witness and allow abuse by my parents later in life, which she claims she deeply regrets. Oh yeah and back then literally nobody cared if you hit a child in public, at least in this scenerio. I didn't have a parent present at the time, and remember feeling awful that I am bound to be hit even by other people's parents that don't even hit their own children. Other shoppers witnessed me get smacked. It was humiliating. I remember a few occasions asking other little girls, "Doesn't your mom / aunt / uncle / grandparents / relatives play with your buceta too?" I was very surprised that they said no.In preschool / kindergarten I had severe anxiety involving genitals. After learning it was wrong to show or touch your privates, I felt extremely paranoid of someone opening the door while I was in the bathroom or someone finding out I had my genitals played with outside of school. I just had this lingering humilation and fear. I feel guilty to even recall or acknowledge what has happened to me. After the molestation ended there were periods of time the abuser was not in my life. But, she took me and my brother in sometimes during our teenage years and was actually a good gaurdian. At that point I had mostly repressed the memories and forgiven her. I felt lucky to gain a caring figure in my life, and didn't want to feel sick, twisted, and guilty dwelling on the fact that the only surviving person who cared for us had secretly abused me.  I've wanted to forget this ever happened to me but the memories are legitimate. Other experiences of abuse I've had are a completely different story. I had hoped the early childhood molestation wouldn't really take a toll on me or come to light in my psyche, but as I get older I realize I am deeply conflicted by it. The relative that did this is still in my life. She has had bouts of severe illness as she ages. I want to maintain a positive connection to her. I sometimes felt more resentful that she neglected to protect me from the "real" abuse, but she ended up becoming a rescuer and provider so I feel guilty for feeling that way. The rare times over the years when the topic of abuse or neglect is lightly broached upon, she breaks down into tears and says she is sorry she let it happen to me. I then immediately feel like an asshole for ever speaking or acknowledging it. She usually changes the subject to recollections of her own childhood abuse. I tend to think I am indebted to her, that she is someone who has suffered and deserved better chances in life. I don't want her to hate herself, I wish her to find rsolution for being victimized and making mistakes. So while in reality she has harmed me, I feel bad that she lives a life of remorse and defeat. I'm often ashameed, like my emotions and memories should not exist and are a burden to others. I've recently realized I have issues with self deprivation that are affecting my adulthood. I have had medical issues I don't feel deserve attention, to the point of needing emergency treatment. I'm easily set off into bouts of not allowing myself to eat or have access to normal living conditions. I'm currently not living anywhere and have a hard time envisioning a standard of living for myself. Part of this is because I have been sick or underemployed, affecting my ability to work and save money for an housing. I often stay in my car even if I don't absolutely have to, because its very humiliating to have nowhere to be. When a friend offers me a place to sleep or some sort of kindness, I get emotional like I don't deserve it and should be ashamed. I kind of tend to isolate and float around, avoiding the reality that I have no ground beneath me. I'm fixated that it is due to my own failure and inability to achieve.Other than medical absence and work disruptions due to lack of housing, I'm very good at my job and nobody would suspect how screwed up my lifestyle is. My work requires a lot of travel, and I show up to gigs at any cost, no matter how sleep deprived, sick, or in pain I am. I generally live a double life as a seemingly productive, successful person and a lost, damaged person that cannot find her way. I have ambitions and talents that are easily lost and destroyed in my own mind. 
My abuser died and I've wondered what I feel. I feel relief for the first time in years, but I wonder if I'm going to end up grieving for her, despite how I feel right now.
I have met this person on a dateing website and she seems like a very nice person and i want to get to know her better but she has been a in a abusive relationship marriage etc and i want show her there are people who aren't like that i.e. me.As an understanding person i don't how to get to her that i am not that way im supportive understanding and above all else normal. Anyway sorry for the short discription but any help is appreciated   
I decided to call my grandmother last night. It was nice to talk to her. I asked her to tell me more about my childhood. She told me she remembered random things, like my mother forcing me to drink milk, even though I was full. She said I would throw up, and my mother would force the milk on me regardless. She told me about my mother going to great lengths to punish me. My mother was convinced I had the devil in me, and would go to great lengths to get it out. My grandmother tried to stop my mother, but my mother didn't let anyone interfere. She'd lock me in the bedroom and punish me, and my grandmother would sit outside on the couch and cry to herself silently.To this day I struggle with self-compassion, and with accepting all parts of me. I can easily see where it comes from. My mother had no pity on me, and the pity felt by my grandmother was locked outside in the living room.
I've been in therapy for 2 years now for what may or may not be emotional abuse. I've had a friend lie to me about cutting themselves, I've had someone call me 10 different insults one night and "like" all my posts on social media the next while pretending nothing happened (then ask me to hang out multiple times, getting mad at me and calling me a "girl" because I refused to do so) and then ask me to teach them to play my instrument a year later out of the blue (apologizing for something they did wrong that they aren't aware of),  and I've had someone hook up with me, ignore me for weeks, contact me again 2 years later and confess their guilt and tell me they're intrigued by me and begin texting me every day, til we hook up again after two dates (I was trying hard to not have my guard to high up/dissolving my trust issues by taking a chance), and had them tell me the next day that they are sorry but can not continue anything not platonic (THE DAY AFTER). This person then said it wasn't a rejection, but unreciprocated feelings. My first therapist alluded to abuse twice, then a suicide hotline told me I should go to meets for emotional abuse, my new one has mentioned "push me pull you" toxic relationships a bunch. Noe have outright told me I'm a victim so I feel inclined to blame myself for ruminating every day. Either way, it is my responsibility but if I'm just "playing the victim", I have SERIOUS work ahead of me to "undelude" myself. (PS the second person called me delusional during that long rant of theirs). I have been somewhat romantically involved with all three of the above. I hope I am not interpreting the situations through the lens of my major depressive diagnosis.
I hope this is the right place to post. Suggestions for other subreddits? are welcome.  I've been victimized many times throughout my childhood. Childhood sex abuse, violent relationships as a teenager, emotionally abusive and neglectful parenting. When I name them, it seems worse than the memories. I think that I may have shut myself off at some point as a child and I made these things my "normal." Unfortunately, I was/am still deeply affected by the trauma. In April 2015 I started seeing a therapist about my anxiety. As therapy progressed and I started opening up about the state of my marriage and my past with relationships (I did not disclose the abuse). In October 2015 I asked my husband for a divorce, he reacted poorly, this triggered me and I desperately wanted an escape. I wanted to escape my marriage, all ties, family etc. and just move to a new place with my dog and start over. I would've even gone so far as changing my name. My husband asked me to go to therapy together, with a new therapist. Several sessions in to our therapy - I had only disclosed the things my husband knew about (my parents' emotional distance/neglect/abuse). Until one night, the therapist commented that my symptoms/reactions to certain triggers are common in sex abuse victims. I very matter-of-factly stated that I had been abused but I assured her that I had coped with it, that I never told anyone, and that it wasn't really "abuse" - it was kids being curious about each other. Only it was abuse. From the age of 4 - 6(7?) an older boy in my family (he was 12 or 13 when it began) introduced me to this really fun "game" wherein he would have anal sex with me. I adored this person. I looked up to him. I craved his attention and felt incredibly special when it was given. Indeed, I asked him for the "game" when I saw him. Looked forward to it. At the time, I was a very lonely and only child of divorce. I thought this was normal. In retrospect, I am fairly certain this only ended because he and his Aunt moved in with our other family in another state or back to their country. Not long after this occurred, I was at a younger cousin's house and three of his male, older cousins held me down while they pulled down my pants and did things to me. They held my head under the bed-skirt and I have very fuzzy memories of that. Mostly not feeling anything below my waist and that's it. My next memory of that day is sitting and taking a picture with my new baby cousin. During that session - I discussed those things, and as I began to speak, I felt like I couldn't. I started crying and I curled up into the fetal position and screamed when my husband grabbed my hand. I had always waved this things off. I waved off my physically abusive relationship in high school as "not that bad." I had waved off my childhood trauma as "things kids do." My step-brother took advantage of me several times as a teenager while I was sleeping and my father (1) blamed me for falling asleep and (2) said that's what boys do. After that night's therapy session, I couldn't wave it off anymore because therapy made me realize that I was abused. Until then, I had only ever told my husband about the kids holding me down and me not remembering. I had mentioned it in passing and he treated it the same way I did. Now everyone talks about "healing" and moving past the trauma. I've always suffered from anxiety/insecurity/avoidance-tendencies but now I feel they are worse. While in therapy we've realized that my husband endured pretty serious emotional incest and without going into detail - he also feels unworthy of relaxing into his own accomplishments. He doesn't feel he deserves vacations or to "treat himself" or to spend money (that we can afford) on selfish things. My questions (and it took a while to get here, I'm sorry):1. I am worried that my relationship will always be either one of us not wanting to "burden" the other with our feelings/past etc. He doesn't talk about his feelings much (if at all) and he doesn't talk about work. We are still in therapy so I have discussed this with our therapist and I have tried sending messages throughout the day (e-mail or text) to maintain some kind of connection. His responses, while heartfelt and sincere, are generally one or two words. Or an "I Love You too." I wonder sometimes if he doesn't talk about his feelings because he thinks they aren't as important? I just don't know how to broach the subject and I don't know if he truly understands the level of enmeshment and emotional incest that he grew up with in his family so I have no idea if I can talk to him about it. Can he and I ever have a truly healthy relationship? Can I ever have a healthy relationship with anyone?       1(a). At what point does me asking for an accommodation in our relationship--because of my past--become me tip-toeing around said past?       1(b). At one point this week I asked if he could be more open with me, that I feel like we are disconnecting - his response was "what more do you want from me? all i hear is that I'm doing everything wrong! Tell me what to do!" I apologized and said that maybe I was asking for too much right now but that I'd like to hear how he's feeling. This went unresolved. 2. How do you "heal"? How do you move on without pushing it down? I find that I haven't found a balance. I either feel incredibly tainted and defective and not normal OR I don't feel anything. 3. How do you love yourself? If someone has actually reached this point I would love to hear how they got there. I understand that it's different for everyone. But, is it just faking it until you make it? (Like repeating it until you believe it?)4. I've always found it easy to cry. But I wonder if crying is a defense mechanism for me? Like - oh no, things are getting to scary/real/vulnerable I am going to cry now to break it and distract everyone while I compose myself on the inside. And other times I cry for absolutely no reason - a commercial, one of dogs going crazy barking at the mail carrier, my hair is frizzy etc. 5. I have an incredibly hard time sleeping peacefully, if at all. Any tips? I've tried sleep aids (melatonin, chamomile or sleepytime tea etc.) with disastrous results. Terrible nightmares, sleepwalking. 
I wanted to share an interview I recently did with the executive director of MaleSurvivor. MaleSurvivor is a community for male survivors of sexual abuse. Christopher talks about his own experience with childhood sexual abuse and how he's gotten to where he is today. We talk about the importance of being part of a community that understands you and supports you. This is a great episode for any survivor, but especially for male survivors of sexual abuse. You can check it out at the link below if you'd like. Thanks.http://thegrassgetsgreener.com/chrisanderson
My dad ignored me and silently disapproved of who I was, and my mom used me as a surrogate spouse since their marriage went down the tubes shortly after I was born. I looked these up, and "emotional neglect" perfectly fits how my dad treated me from around 0 to 17, and "enmeshment" or "covert incest" perfectly describes the relationship my mom and I had. The internet says these are definitely types of emotional abuse. But, since I wasn't I wasn't belittled or called names or hit or denied food or kicked out or molested or anything shocking, I feel like it doesn't matter. I feel like I shouldn't even get to call it abuse. I feel like a faker. I feel afraid to talk about it with my therapists. I feel like they will say it's not abusive, and then I'll feel even more like it doesn't matter. Because why should I be so upset over being treated normally as a child and adolescent? If I could call my treatment abuse, I would feel so validated. And that makes me feel pathetic.
I've just started seeing a new therapist that specialises in EMDR therapy, we haven't begun the actual work as she wants to establish some coping mechanisms for me when we do. I'm just curious if anyone else has tried this form of therapy for their PTSD symptoms. I've read lots of clinical information on the treatment which all seems very positive and helpful but some real world examples would be good to hear. If anyone would like to know how I progress with the treatment I will share what I experience. So far it all seems very helpful. 
I was abused violently and verbally by my mother's boyfriend for 7.5 years which ended when I was 14 (I am 23 now). At the age of 18 I was diagnosed with PTSD and about 3 months before my 20th birthday I cut off all contact with my mother as I was angry with her and felt that her presence was adding nothing to my life and was making dealing with my PTSD more difficult.Yesterday I found out that she was sexually abused by her father as a young child, and that he was neglected (not fed, forced to sleep in a dog kennel) as a child. This explains so many things about my childhood, her relationships with my father, her boyfriend who abused me, the vast string of boyfriends apart from those 2 and her personality amongst other things that it being true is by far the simplest explanation of it all.I am aware that a cycle of abuse can often occur, I am currently struggling to comprehend what it means to me as it completely changes my perception of why it all happened (my previous explanation being that my mother was a hateful human being, my new realisation being that she was most likely dealing with PTSD and had not received treatment for it. Life is hard enough with PTSD which has been/ is being treated, I can remember what it felt like when I didn't understand what it was.I don't really know what I'm wanting from this, maybe some encouragement and knowing that people do manage to break cycles of abuse and live happy lives despite PTSD and abuse casting long shadows over their whole lives. I am in a lot of pain right now...
My first Memory would be horrifying to most people, I don't know how old i was but I know I was young enough to fit in a baby seat I was sitting in the seat on the counter my older brother was sitting on another counter top right net to the stove, Mom's making pancakes she's just taken the pan off the stove. She looks at my brother and says in a happy lovey voice "can you get the Cinnamon out for me " He stands up and turns to face the cabinet , In one swift motion right as he puts his foot down she grabs His ankle pulling his foot onto the hot burner and holding it there for less then a second. My brother screamed and my older sister came running Mom told everyone he slipped. He had 2nd degree burns on his foot and she did take him to the hospital but that night when he was crying because it hurt she wouldn't give him any of the painkillers they'd prescribed and when my sister asked why my mom said "He knows he's not supposed to climb on the counters" from that day I knew never to do anything that might upset my Mother and for a while I always listened so she never hurt me, and if i did something "bad" My brother would always swear he had done it , if I was going to get caught and dad wasn't home (we were always safe as long as other people were around, when I was really young she wouldn't abuse us if anyone else was there) he would do something worse so that she would get mad at him instead. My brother was my best friend he always tried to protect me. When our mom got pregnant again things got worse my brother trying to take the fall just made it so we both got hurt (I never saw my mother do anything to my sister to this day I don't know why) and once the baby was born it was like she would find any excuse to beat us and she would use anything she could get her hands on, Shoes, belts, fly swatters, kitchen utensils, small tree branches,  even cuttings from her rose bush. I remember at one point she was in a bad mood and she grabbed me turned me over her knee pulled up my skirt(I wasn't "aloud" to wear pants until I was in 2nd grade and even then only if I had PE that day ) and pulled down my  panties and just started hitting me as hard as she could with an old wooden spoon she kept going even as it cracked from how hard she was hitting me My brother and sister must have heard me crying because I could hear them begging her to stop they were both crying "Mommy she didn't do anything Mommy stop" she just kept going until the spoon shattered then she pushed me off her lap and stormed off I couldn't stand up so my older sister picked me up , took my older brother's hand and took us both outside and down the hill behind our house to hide there were a lot of trees down there and the bones of some old barns or something it was a good place to hide and the trees were to thick for our mom to get vary far back so even if she did come looking for us we could always get to a place she couldn't get to. dad worked late that night so when the sun started to go down my older sister sunk back into the house to get blankets she even managed to get into the garage and get a few of those blue waterproof tarps to put on the ground and make a tent because she said it looked like it might rain she was smart and sneaky she never got in trouble for anything even when she got caught. once she set up the tent he told me to lay on my belly so she could take out the splinters and she did her best but she couldn't get all of them she said "we have to wait for Daddy to get home to take out the rest he locked his tool box so I couldn't get the pliers don't sit on them or it'll make them worse" when our dad got home he saw our tent and helped us bring everything inside mom told him I must have gotten the splinters from climbing trees the bruises must have been from falling. after that I don't remember any major events for a while when I was in the first grade I got a really bad ear infection, by the time my mom to me to the hospital I had puss filled blistered in on and around my ear drum I have to be on IV antibiotics followed by 6 weeks of a high dose of them I was left with permanent scarring and hearing loss in that ear. after that she almost never hit me but when I was in second grade something changed with my older brother it was like something inside him just snapped and every so often something would set him off and he's just start beating me my older brother who had once been my protector and my best friend became someone I  feared I didn't understand why and in a way I made things worse because I just wanted to spend time with him I wanted him to be my friend again I didn't know what I had done to make him hate me his episodes get more frequent and more violent and my mother never once tried to stop him she would tell my I should just fight back but she didn't understand that i couldn't, he's my brother and I love him I could never hurt him so I would just curl up into a ball and wait for it to end. at the time nothing was done despite the fact that my mother worked at a daycare and would show the bruises he had left to everyone who would look. help only came after we'd had a half day at school before a long weekend we both got home before our parents and he snapped he beat me until my entire back was covered in bruises he cracked 6 of my ribs and no one noticed until I went back to school on Monday my teacher noticed that I was less energetic then normal and got even more concerned when I asked if I could  lay down in the nurse's office instead of going to music because my chest felt icky he took the class to music and walked me to the nurse who asked what was wrong my teacher thought I might have the cough that had been going around before the break that had turned out to be walking pneumonia when the nurse looked at my chest she immediately called for an ambulance, when they called my mother she couldn't be bothered to leave work to meet with me at the hospital and my dad was out of the state because of a family emergency so my teacher went with me 6 broken ribs, one of them had splintered and punctured my pericardial sac the doctor said I should have been dead exactly one year after the beatings has started my older brother was put into state care. My Mom made sure I knew it was all my fault that my brother was taken away and that should would have rather had them take me. (My brother was eventually diagnosed with schizophrenia brought on by systematic abuse at the time he was one of the youngest people to ever have a schizophrenia diagnosis) I still remember that teacher screaming at my mother when she finally showed up at the hospital after she got off work he was shaking and clutching his fist I remember be afraid he was going to hit me  until I notice he was crying it was the same as my brother before he changed standing up to my mother trying to protect me from her. My teacher started finding excuses to keep me after classes after that anything to keep my from having to go home at the end of the school day. I think he was the first person I was certain actually cared about me other them my older brother, it made losing my brother even more painful. At the end of the school year he gave me his home phone number and told me that if I got hurt and my mom wouldn't take me to the hospital to call him. A few weeks after we got the letters  saying what classes we'd be in the following school year my mom left my dad (when I was older I found the letters in a filing cabinet and saw i was going to be in the same teacher's class again and i always suspected that was why my mom really left)  She put me, my sister and my younger brother in the back of the care and took us to a battered women's shelter (the irony of the fact that she was always the abusive one) for the next 2 years we were homeless more often then not, living in shelters and out of the back of her car while she and my dad faught over custody she even ended up having a court order that made it so she was not to so much as raise her vioce to us or she would lose custody. at the end of that time she had use living with a guy who had to be at least 500lbs , his wife and their twins in a vary bad part of town. She use to let him turn me over his knee and spank me he would always rub his hands together and blow on them before hitting me and he would always leave a bruise he would stand in the doorway while i bathed , so I stopped bathing when my sister caught him trying to pick the lock to our bedroom she started sleeping with a knife under her pillow and made me sleep in the closet with the doors closed. a day after my sister told our court appointed guardian about it we went to stay with our dad I remember being berated for screwing things up for my mom because she was being forced to move because I had told. but as soon as my mom found an apartment we had to go back to living with her for the next  year and a half we were went back and forth from my mom's place to my dads over and over until my mother was given full custody of me and my younger brother my older sister was deemed old enough to pick who she wanted to live with and chose our dad. then in the 6th grade my mother got hit by a taxi while crossing the street I hadn't gone to school that day because I wasn't feeling well and I had a doctors appointment but I'd gotten up and walked my little brother to school then gone home , I remember being excited when she didn't come home in time for me to go to the appointment. around 4pm that day I got a call on my cell phone from the hospital I was her emergency contact in her phone(Who put's their 6th grader as an emergency contact it was bullshit) they told me that she was in surgery and asked if I had the number of an adult they could call I was so happy when they told me she was in the ICU I wanted her to die so I could finally escape if she died i would get to live with my dad and I would never have to worry about the men she brought home, I wouldn't have to make sure my brother got to school and did his homework, I wouldn't have to make sure the bills got paid and that we had food, I could stop taking the ADHD meds that made me want to sleep all day I saw no down side . when she got out of the ICU I cried I was going to have to go back I didn't want to have to go back . when they said she'd have to go to an assisted living facility I was so relieved because I thought it meant she'd be their for the rest of her life. when they said she would be able to go home I tried to kill myself I begged my dad to let me stay or to send me to live with his relatives in Michigan I would do anything if I wouldn't have to go back. But my Dad didn't have choice my mom had full custody if he didn't send me back she would have him arrested for kidnapping, by the time I was old enough to be able to legally go live with my dad I felt like I couldn't because my little brother wouldn't be safe if I did. The kid pissed me off to no end atone point I smacked him with a flip flop and he told our mom I was beating him It made me furious my younger brother who had never (and to this day has never) so much as gotten a slap on the wrist for anything he had done, who's version of being grounded was being sent to his room with the game cube and still being able to have friends over (mine was being locked in my room with nothing but a mattress and only being permitted to leave to pee , go to school or cook for everyone for weeks at a time) was equating a tap on the back of his head with a foam dollar store flip flop to being beaten I looked at him and said "YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT IT'S LIKE TO BE BEATEN" I stormed out of the room and slammed the door then walked to my friends house to cool down , when I came back the police were waiting, My mom who had never called the police when my older brother beat me to the point of breaking bones, when had let other people hit me so hard it fractured my hip, who herself he beaten me until I bled called the police because I hit her perfect baby(who was 11 and couldn't use the microwave on his own because he was so coddled) with a flip flop. Thankfully after talking to me the cop simply left.  My sophomore year of high school I was under so much stress it started to make me sick , My sister had a daughter early in the school year and for some reason thought our mother could be trusted to watch the poor child when she was at work , so if i knew my sister was working I would stay home from school to watch my niece , my guidance counselor tried to hep me get into job core even gave me a ride to file all the paper work but my mom called a week before I was supposed to start and told them I was no longer interested when my Niece was 6 months old my sister moved to Washington , and I started leaving as often as I could for as long as I could I'd leave the house before my mom got up and come back after she went to bed I finally left for good when I was 17 a week later she tried to kill herself and was put in a mental hospital for 6 months she of course blamed me told everyone she did it because  didn't love her anymore. up until last year when I blocked her phone number and blocked her on all social media she would call and leave voice mails ,send texts messages saying that she would always love me and their was nothing I could do about it and that I could never escape her love (it take a special kind of crazy to make the words I love you sound like a threat) no she harasses my friends online every few months trying to get information about me I block anyone who gives her any sadly my older brother refuses to speak to me because I won't have contact with me mother and honestly that hurts the most someone who was my best friend and the only person to ever protect me from her now won't have anything to do with me unless I talk to her. My little brother think's I'm a slut and is basically human garbage because he's never had any consequences for his actions, My older sister will still talk to me but I have to be careful about what I tell since she still talks to our mom I ran into my teacher from the 3rd grade a few years ago he was shocked I was still alive he told me that when I didn't show up for class on the first day of the 4th grade He asked some of the kid's I'd been friends with if they knew where I was and they all said I'd just vanished there one day gone the next and none of them knew where I was he said it had haunted him for years that he blamed himself for not doing more and was sure I'd had died he said even had a social worker friend of his try and find out what had happened to me but they never found anything he kept saying he was sorry he hadn't been able to help me  
I'm understandably having a hard time finding this, but I don't want to leave. Is there help for me still?
Hello, I am writing this because I need to tell someone but can not talk about this to friends or family. Please understand that I will not divulge  additional information aside from this.Growing up my father was a symbol of violence in my life, I have spent much of my life dealing with what he did... I was finally starting to move on and grow then my sibling has recently told me that our father molested them as a child. They do not want to press charges, and right now I cant blame them. I am doing all that I can to be supportive/not get pushed away.I am filled with rage and anger unlike anything that I have felt in my life. The shame of it all, the feeling of disgust...
So I used to cut myself because my parents are OTHERWISE physically/emotionally abusive and terrible and torturous. But anyways so I did cut myself in the shower. So I would keep the razors on the counter outside the shower after they found out. But my mother decided it was necessary to fucking watch me when I showered. Mind this was after she had almost killed me so I hated her guts and she just disgusted me. Anyways it's a transparent glass shower and it was really creepy. I would try to go in the corner or whatever. And sometimes she would peak over. Eventually I got fucking sick and I just threw away the stupid razors and she still fucking watched me. So I just locked the door, and the locks were stupid and you could get in by jiggling it a bit, so she was fucking screaming at me for??? Trying to take a shower without her watching me??! And with zero sharps available?!!? So she was fucking banging on the door and trying to fucking rip off the handle because it's an insult to her to keep her stupid ass out apparently. So anyway I finished before she got in but still really fucking creepy. And also she would always pinch me like... Gross??? And also try to stick her finger down my ass crack as a joke like noooo that's not funny she's just disgusting.So yea idk I used to be like "well I guess technically you could say this is sexual abuse or wev but she never RAPED me and anyways it's not that bad and nothing compared to whatever physical/emotional abuse" and i kinda still am. So yea that's me rn
I am really bad at faces and every time I see someone who looks like him it takes me so long (usually until they talk) to decide if it's him or not. Effectively, he's everywhere and it's a nightmare.
I've been working on writing this up to share with Americans Ending Abuse. I've also been working through a few things. I am hoping that sharing it might help other people know they are not alone. I'm also hoping some might have thoughts on how to label and talk about what happened, or advice on how to move forward. Anyway, thank you so much for reading, and for your feedback!Note: Names have been changed for privacy reasons.I first met Allen a couple of years ago. We’d seen each other before then, but never really interacted. At that time, I had just flown back from Sri Lanka and moved into an apartment in Cambridge. My boyfriend of four years, with whom I was very close, was out of the country visiting friends and family. I was facing a challenging situation at home, trying to help a housemate who appeared to be struggling with severe depression. The stress of the situation had placed some strains on my long distance relationship. It was then that Allen began making advances on me.He began by telling me that he was in an open relationship, and that he and his partner were happy. He strongly implied that opening up my own relationship would ease the stress of long distance. He went on to say that he was dating two people at the time, and introduced me to the second girl he was seeing. He bragged about how many women had stayed the night at his apartment. Then he invited me to a party as his guest. He said that the theme was debauchery, and asked me to be his wing-man. Out of curiosity, I accepted his invitation. At the party, he made out with three or four women. During our ‘friendship’ he continuously pushed the boundaries of my relationship, first with hugs and touching that seemed platonic, then by asking me to stay overnight at his apartment.At home, I struggled to support my housemate while maintaining my long distance relationship. My housemate wasn’t getting out of bed or eating properly. Some nights, I heard him sob at 2 or 3am. I couldn’t ignore his sadness. I began by bringing him tea. Later, I hugged him as he shook. He still didn’t seem to have the strength to get out of bed. I tried to communicate as openly about the situation as I could with my boyfriend, who had been feeling jealous. Allen’s suggestion seemed that it might be an option. What if I did ask for an open relationship? I had never thought of such a thing before. Perhaps it would help the situation. I broached the subject with my boyfriend, who felt hurt. During those discussions, Allen kept pressuring me to be physically closer while posing as an emotional support. I began to realize that I wouldn’t be able to maintain the space I needed with Allen in a way that honored my relationship with my boyfriend, given my current stresses. My boyfriend and I decided to break up. Allen would later claim that my boyfriend and I would have broken up anyway, without his interference.When I mentioned the breakup to Allen, he invited me to his apartment that afternoon. He asked me to have sex with him, and I agreed. He asked me to date him, but while I was open to the idea of dating him eventually, I wasn’t ready for another relationship, and was still focused on helping make sure my housemate was stable. Within the week, however, I learned that Allen’s girlfriend, who had been in Sweden, had talked with him and was in tears. His relationship hadn’t been that open after all. She felt deeply distressed at the idea of him dating other people, and they were still together. She soon returned, and he began trying to convince us both that it had been a misunderstanding. I took his explanation with a grain of salt, wondering how anyone could have been so blind to their partner’s feelings on the matter after dating them for at least a year. I apologized to her and resolved not to have any further physical contact with Allen. I never fully trusted him after that.As time passed, caring for my housemate deepened our friendship. We became closer, and eventually started dating. Not all was well, though. My housemate Benji was still deeply troubled. As time passed, I learned more about him. One day, he asked me to do rope bondage with him. I reluctantly agreed, but as he looked for his rope, he changed his mind. I asked what had come up, and he said he had used his rope for something else, but he didn’t feel comfortable talking about it. I nodded. Later, as I left his room, I noticed a length of rope sticking out from his dirty laundry. He had tied it into a noose. From that day onward, he became more private, and his behavior began to change. I stayed in the relationship, afraid of how he might react if we broke up.Another month or so past, and Benji’s birthday approached. When I asked him what he wanted, he said he wanted a threesome. I was a bit surprised but told him I would consider it. When the day arrived, I saw the other girl he had chosen go down on him without a condom. I was a bit shocked because he had told me he didn’t like blowjobs and because they looked so comfortable and familiar together. That day, I learned he had been seeing her for a while, and had been sexually involved without telling me. Things became stranger after that. I remember his facial expressions becoming flat that day, and wondering what had happened. I wondered whether to continue seeing him. It would be difficult if we broke up, since we lived together. I also worried because his mental health seemed to be getting worse. He had started drinking much more heavily, snorting his prescription Adderall, and occasionally taking ketamine.I talked with the other girl, Mae. I learned that she, too, had begun seeing Benji because she felt he would have trouble caring for himself on his own. She and I discussed the problem together and decided we would both continue caring for him. She seemed relieved to know that he was in a close relationship with someone else as well. We both knew that he abused alcohol and often missed meals, which prevented him from keeping his diabetes under control, resulting in dangerous sugar spikes and lows. We had both been cooking for him. We decided to continue doing so.Despite our decision, Benji’s physical and mental health seemed to spiral more out of control, and he became more and more withdrawn. His unsettlingly flat affect, which began on his birthday, remained. He often looked angry. Soon he began yelling at me. I never felt I knew what set him off. He maintained that I had done something wrong, but refused to tell me what it was. I waited quietly next to him, hoping he would share what he was thinking, but he never did. I continued to ask every day or so that we saw each other, but each time I did, he glared at me. He began to avoid eye contact. When he did look at me, he appeared angry. I asked if he wanted to spend time together. He said yes, but only if I didn’t speak. When I eventually did, he glared at me angrily. This state continued for weeks. As his responses became progressively more angry and volatile, I felt more and more afraid to speak.He told me he didn’t want to have sex, but began leaving condoms lying around his room, including a used one. When I asked what it was from, he accused me of invading his privacy. I was surprised at his reaction since we had been sharing a bed on and off for months. I learned he had been having sex with other people. I told him that if he really wanted to have sex with other people, and not tell me about it, and not have sex with me, we really ought to break up. He began yelling at me and accusing me of pressuring him for sex. I was shocked. He then called his friend, claiming we needed a mediator. I was exhausted—it was the middle of the night—but agreed to talk anyway. His friend convinced me to continue dating him.That night, Benji committed to telling me about other sexual activity and treating me equally to Mae and anyone else he saw. He also told me, however, that if I wanted to have sex with him, it had to be kink, that it was the only kind of sex he was interested in. I noticed Benji stop to snort Adderall during the conversation with the mediator. He said he needed the energy. As soon as the mediator left, Benji and I went back to his room. He held me down by the neck and choked me, ramming his fingers painfully into and out of my vagina. He then continued to pin me by the neck as he masturbated above my prone body. More than his behavior, the look on his face scared at me. He looked at me as if my body disgusted him, but seemed gleeful at the thought of controlling me. I began to feel afraid of him.It soon became clear that Benji had no intention of keeping his commitments. He became more and more closed off. When I shared that I felt scared, Benji told me that I had an anxiety problem, and pressured me to order anxiety medication from an online website. When I suggested his behavior might be causing some of the anxiety, he yelled and berated me. When I cried, he glared at me angrily and told me I was no longer permitted to speak in his presence. He began withholding all eye contact and physical affection, except for choking and restraining me. He tried to convince me I had asked him to choke me. I hadn’t.It was around that time that he gave me GBL. He told me it was for my anxiety, that it was like alcohol without the hangover, and that I should take it. I didn’t know much about it but hesitantly agreed. After he gave it to me, I felt strange, and had trouble feeling my heart beat. I felt like I wasn’t getting enough air but somehow didn’t mind. I asked Benji to check my pulse and see if he could still feel it. He checked for it twice. I asked what my heart rate was. He didn’t say. I recommended calling an ambulance but was too weak to get my phone. Benji started shaking me. Eventually he stopped shaking me. I felt like I was floating. The last thing I remember before passing out was hearing the John Oliver show in the background. I woke up in Benji’s bed the next morning.Benji’s physical and emotional abuse worsened after that. He began telling me that I was in the wrong each time I brought up the subject with him. He accused me first of having an anxiety problem, then of trying to manipulate him, when I told him that I was afraid of what he might do. I began reaching out to friends, afraid of going home some nights. I spent part of one night with a friend at a previous residence, a coop I used to live at, before going home around 4am. Benji was still awake and repeatedly berated me. He yelled at me for having interrupted his masturbation with a phone call earlier that day.Benji’s friend Allen offered to let me stay at his place the following night. When we arrived at his apartment, he asked how I was feeling. I said it might help to talk to someone about what was going on, and maybe have a hug. Allen said he wanted to have sex with me. I said I would prefer cuddling, but he said he really wanted to have sex instead. He also assured me that he and his girlfriend were now open. I believe his words were, “We are not each other’s primary partners anymore.” But he also told me that I probably shouldn’t talk about it. Something felt not quite right, but I agreed to have sex with him anyway. I was so afraid he would tell me to go home if I didn’t want to. A friend later confirmed they had at least mostly broken up, and that it had been related to Allen pressuring her to allow him to have sex with other people. I felt used and afraid. Allen and I didn’t talk much after that.At home, the problems with Benji continued. He became more and more paranoid and controlling. He told me someone was harassing him online. I felt unsurprised and assumed he had been harassing someone else who responded. Later he said there was a mob of people online who wanted to hurt him. When I told him I doubted people really wanted to hurt him, he first tried showing me text messages he had received, but then he began blaming other housemates and me. He said we had tried to fool him into thinking there was a mob. I began avoiding him even more, still afraid to go home.On nights when I did sleep at home, Benji shook me awake and yelled at me until I started crying. Sometimes he would refuse to let me leave. I was terrified he would hurt me. The only way to get him to stop, I learned, was to apologize. No matter what he accused me of, I just started apologizing and crying. And slowly, things started to get better. He was letting me sleep. But then he told me that he needed me to write a false confession so his friends wouldn’t think he was crazy. He told me not to leave the house until it was done. (Benji didn’t have a job, so it was easy for him to stay home as long as it took for me to write it.) I did, and he grinned. He told me he would have the police investigate me. I immediately ran to the station and told the police what had been happening with Benji. They asked me if Benji was on drugs. I explained that Benji had been abusing his prescription Adderall because he felt tired from his diabetes. That day while I was out, I later learned, Benji called the police. When I got home, he burst out of his room shouting at me. He accused me of reporting him and everyone he knows for drug dealing. Then he called Allen.Allen came over and started questioning me too. Then he told me he wanted to have sex before he left my apartment. All my will was gone. From that day on I just did what he or Benji or anyone else told me to. I had sex with Allen in the bathroom of my apartment.Benji demanded access to my computer. He told me to stand calmly and say that it was my choice to give it to him. He told my brother to get in the video, and he did. Then Benji took my computer and my phone. When I got it back, Benji had visited a bunch of weird sites, my email, my Facebook, and Twitter. He left a copy of the sites he had visited that day open in Microsoft paint, and used my email to send himself things—a copy of a receipt for antianxiety drugs he had forced me to order earlier, that had never come. He said he would use it if I ever went to the police again. Then he told me to go to the police station with Allen and get a copy of the report.Allen met me at work the next day, looking furious. We went to the station together. He said nothing during the walk there. When we arrived, he told me to request a copy of the report. He said he didn’t want his name on the request. We walked back to the Stata Center together, where Allen worked. When we got there, he told me that all future interactions would be to use me for sex. I was confused. It did help me realize that he had been doing that all along, though. But I had to get back to work. I told Allen I was going to go to the library to get some reading done for work. Then I started walking in the direction of Barker library.I started reading and had been there only a few minutes when Allen showed up. He had his phone in his hand. He said my mom wanted to talk to me and held the phone out to my face. (I’m still not sure how he got her number.) I was super confused. My mom was in tears on the other end of the line. She said, “Are you alright?” I assured her I was fine. She said, “Someone said you were not fine.” I told her I was fine, and that I didn’t know what was going on, but I would find out. I also told her I was in the library reading room and shouldn’t talk long, but I’d call her back as soon as I got the chance. (I found out later that Allen had reported me as missing, when it somehow took him only a few minutes to find me.) When I got off the phone with my mom, Allen told me there were police looking for me and that he would distract them while I escaped. I was shocked. I thought Benji had reported me for a crime.I slipped out of the library, past Allen and the police officers, and went to another library to collect myself while I thought about what to do. There, I managed to plug in my phone briefly, giving it enough charge to text Allen. I texted him: “WTF? Is this about the investigation? Do you know why my mom doesn’t think I’m okay?” He sent me an ominous message accusing me of threatening to hurt myself. He told me he was looking for me and to come meet him. Based on Allen’s demeanor, attitude, and tone earlier that afternoon, he seemed angry, as if he wanted to hurt me or obtain revenge. I didn’t trust him, but I still didn’t know what to do about the fact that police were looking for me. Do I turn myself in for a crime I didn’t commit?I wasn’t sure what to do about the problem, so I decided to take things one step at a time. I was hungry, and I had work to do. Eventually, it seemed, Allen would get tired of following me and call off the search. Or the police would figure out that Benji was insane, if he was involved. Or if the police were really looking for me, I would find them on campus. I went to the student center and bought a bottle of Naked Juice and a banana. Then I went upstairs to the study room to try and figure out what was going on, and if possible get work done. I had just about finished my juice when a police officer walked by and asked if my name was Emma. I replied that it was, and he asked me to step out into the hallway. In the hallway, there were 6 or 7 officers. They asked how I was doing, and I said I was fine. They asked if I knew why they were here to talk to me, and I said no. They said someone said I had posted on Facebook saying I was suicidal, and asked if I had. I said no. They asked to look in my backpack. I opened it for them. Then they asked me to open up Facebook on my laptop. I opened it up and went to my profile. The officer checking my Facebook looked at it. I hadn’t posted anything since November. He said I sounded fine, but asked me to go to the ambulance waiting outside as part of procedure, so they could evaluate me and make sure everything was fine.We walked out to the ambulance together. My phone had charged a little by then, so I called my mom while we were in the ambulance and explained what was going on and that I was fine. She seemed to smile on the other end of the line. She seemed happy. My mom called the hospital while I was in the ER waiting room to explain that I was okay. But then later the doctor came in and said my boyfriend had called. I asked if his name was Benji. The doctor said no, it was Allen. I felt sick. I explained that I had never dated Allen. The doctor said that, well, Allen had called and said we had just broken up and that I was suicidal. I felt angry and betrayed. Allen and I had never dated. Allen knew I was fine the whole time because, not only had I told him, and my mom in front of him, that I was fine, I had been calm even when we were dealing with Benji’s stupid drama. So he knew I was fine. He lied to the doctor. He called anyway.Tellingly, I never received a phone call from him while I was in the hospital, or after, asking how I was doing. After I got out of the hospital, I learned that my contract at work was not renewed. The police had searched for me there, and someone had claimed to my boss that I was suicidal. I went through my computer with a close friend after I got out of the hospital too. I had gotten locked out of my Facebook account, which required a password reset, and there was a remote access program installed on my computer, which we deleted.I felt afraid, with nowhere to go but my crazy ex’s place, and maybe Allen trying to hurt me too, so I decided to stay in Texas instead of coming back to Boston after Christmas. I tried to figure out what had happened after I got out, sent Allen some friendly enough text messages in case it had all been Benji, and tried to initiate conversation. Allen dodged questions about his role but started accusing me of harassing Benji and reporting them both to the police. I had already told him what had happened. Eventually I caved in under persistent questioning and just told him what it seemed he wanted to hear. He certainly wouldn’t accept the truth I had told him before. It was just like I had when Benji wouldn’t leave me alone. I don’t know why I did that.Allen wouldn’t tell me what had happened when I asked him, so I messaged him letting him know I would be candid about what I perceived his role to be in the case that anyone should ask. Allen immediately posted on Facebook and called two of my friends, accusing me of being a mentally unstable, crazy ex who was trying to destroy his reputation and to tell him everything I say about him, if I try to say anything. I was befuddled.Later in the next month or so, I went to campus at Harvard to meet my professors and sit for an exam, since I had been taking classes online from Texas in the intervening time. I stayed with a close friend, the one who had helped me check my computer’s security I got out of the hospital. (He had also been to visit the hospital, where he explained the problem I had been having with my ex-boyfriend, who very likely had accessed my account, and confirmed that I was generally a cheery person. The hospital staff agreed—I had busily made friends with other patients while I was there, sharing chocolate and trying to cheer them up by playing guitar. In any case, my friend had helped me, so I felt safe around him and stayed with him while I was in the Boston area.) While I was in town, I stopped by the MIT police station, said hello to the officers I had met last December, and explained what had happened. I was still receiving harassing messages from Benji while I was in Texas, but it had been Allen who stalked me on campus. They confirmed that it had been Allen who filed the police report claiming I was suicidal, as I suspected.I still wanted to give Allen the benefit of the doubt, though. I called the RA of the living group I joined while I was at MIT, a community I was still a part of, and where I heard Allen had tried to convince friends I was suicidal. I asked her if she would be willing to mediate or set up mediation through another resource. She said she didn’t feel comfortable handling the issue, so I attempted to set up mediation through the MIT’s Ombuds Office, and kept her cc’d as I did so. But then I learned from my mom that Benji and Allen had both sent her creepy emails claiming they were having some kind of problem with me and that I wasn’t okay. Now, my mom knew I was fine this time because I was at home living with her, and also because she proofread my emails attempting to set up mediation with Allen. So when they emailed her, she knew immediately that they were harassing me again and trying to scare her. I immediately told them not to contact me, or my family, or my friends anymore. (I told Benji and instructed him to tell Allen, as I had already terminated all contact with Allen outside of potential mediation.) My mom replied to Allen telling him similarly, and to immediately desist from talking about me, to anyone, and for any reason.I received some more harassing messages from Benji after that, mostly through Twitter. Then I learned through a friend that Benji had said Allen came to him for help “punishing” me. Benji had bragged about his skill at computer security and forgery. He said that should keep me quiet for a while. I soon found that the RA at my living group had unfriended me on Facebook. When I reached out to her in a friendly way asking what, if anything, was wrong, she accused me of being insane and of contacting her about Allen when she said she didn’t want to talk about it. I calmly explained that I had respected her views, even if I had thought it was her job to address safety concerns, and had pursued the issue through the Ombuds Office with a cc to her so that she would be aware of the situation’s resolution, out of respect for her space. I was confused why she seemed distressed, as I had approached her politely and done as she had asked.I later learned that Allen had stopped by her home, which was my former residence as well, and tried to convince her that instead of fearing for my safety, it was actually me that was stalking him. He came back to try to talk to her some more, and at that point, she immediately and permanently banned me from returning to my former residence in the future. This was despite the fact that I had fled to another state, fearing him, and was residing there when he contacted my mother. Some of this conversation, in which Allen tried to scare my friends (again) took place in a group of twelve of them. One of them told reported back to me later how he had tried to explain the situation (he had prior knowledge) but was ignored, and how Allen had tried to convince the RA that if she even so much as told me that she didn’t want to talk, I would go crazy and try to hurt her and get revenge. I was friends with the RA before then. Her name is Aria. I care about her very much, and it was really hurtful and scary to know that Allen gas-lit her like that. I don’t know why Allen did that. Maybe he was trying to save his reputation. Maybe he wanted her to sleep with him. (Scaring me had worked in the past and seemed to be one of his strategies.) Maybe I’ll never know.Allen had previously agreed to meet with a mediator, but when it came time for the appointment, he never showed up. Or at least, I was told the mediator would talk to him separately first and would contact me again to meet with us both if Allen agreed to it. He never did, or at least I never heard back. I think Allen had just been lying, again. But by then I had enough information to know that Allen had been malicious. There was no more need to meet with a mediator, because his behavior revealed his intentions. Allen continued to talk negatively about me to my friends, spreading strange rumors. Over time, more and more friends decided to break things off, usually by not responding, or not saying why unless I asked. One, when I asked her if anything was up, told me I had mistreated Allen and that was why she didn’t want to be friends anymore. I don’t know what other stories he made up anymore.I was excited when Allen left the country—it unfortunately turned out to be only a brief trip—and I moved back to Somerville to take classes in person again and resume my degree. I had just moved out of one apartment and into another when Allen showed up at the old one. We were having a party to welcome the new people who had arrived. He got to the party before I did. A friend warned me, and I avoided it until he finally left. When I did arrive, a few friends I was less close to gave me weird looks. I don’t know what Allen said while I was gone. Since then, I’ve been afraid to go back to that place. It is sad, because I miss my friends.I try not to go out alone anymore. Old places, like the rock gym where I had started working out and climbing, I avoided because I thought Allen might be there. I didn’t renew my gym membership for fear he would see me there, but I did go on a date there. The guy I had just started dating showed up a bit late, and just minutes after I arrived to meet him, Allen showed up and approached me. I panicked, stood still, and gave him a look letting him know to back off. He did, and I texted him telling him to not to approach me again and to stop stalking me. He didn’t try to approach me again after that. My date came soon after, and he already knew about the situation with Allen. We looked over our shoulders for much of the date, until it finally seemed Allen was really going to leave us alone, that night at least.I don’t know what to do in the future. I’d like to not be a burden to my friends, and to be able to go out alone and feel safe. I sometimes wonder if a restraining order will help. Based on Allen’s behavior in the past, it seems he is just as likely to try and find a sneaky way to retaliate, like try to get a counter order and stalk me so he could claim I violated it, or gas-light other people into being afraid of me again. But his lies terrorized me, my family, my friends, and my entire community who thought I was in need of help. I wasn’t able to continue my job. My initial hospital bill, until I got it reduced, cost $12,000. I don’t know what my parents would do if something like that happened again. Allen seems to keep running into me. His presence, even the threat of his presence, still triggers panic attacks. The nightmares, of running from him endlessly, haven’t stopped. The Harvard police already know what happened at MIT and to look out for him if he tries to do something similar on campus there. They said if he bothers me, they will come talk to him for me, but they recommended getting a restraining order too. I don’t know what to do. I don’t want to cause harm to anyone. I just want Allen to stop hurting me.
So in college I was emotionally/spiritually abused by my mentor, this woman who ran our version of Campus Crusade for Christ.She discovered I was attracted to women when I was a freshman (I wasn't out yet, but admitted I "struggled") and got me to read this book about "Jesus healing the homosexual." (Though I'm bi.) She started asking about my porn and masturbation habits, in private and in public places, always wording it "how's your sex life?" even though I was a virgin, because she insisted masturbation was sex with yourself, and therefore a sin. I confided in her a lot, but even i would try to avoid that line of questioning. At one point, she pressured me to download a Christian software called X3watch, which didn't block porn sites, but alerted your accountability partner to questionable activitiy. She insisted I had to tell her the details of what I would specifically search for. I panicked and told her I wasn't comfortable with that, but she told me if I was really serious about overcoming my sin, I would tell her. I later learned the software has nothing to do with specific searched phrases, it just alerts you to general websites.A year after I graduated and she was no longer a huge part of my life, I was in the ER (really long story) and she tagged along all day. When I was allowed to go home, she kicked out my roommate and boyfriend as I was changing into my clothes to ask me how the masturbation thing was going. It was in a totally bullshit way connected to my health issues (at least in her mind,) but it was really inappropriate. She never touched me, and always said she wanted me to be pure and "flee from sin," she didn't make comments about my body, but idk. All the other stuff was so bizarre and I'm just unsure what to call that. Was what she did a form of sexual abuse?
Triggers: childhood sexual abuse talk.I was abused by my grandfather, and it has severely affected my sex drive and ability to have a sexual relationship without feelinh negatively. My boyfriend knows this, and we are trying to find what my limits are.  I have fooled around with my boyfriend a couple of times, and I was okay, but for the first time I had to just /stop/ (we had made out for a bit, and were fully dressed) abruptly, and he was upset.He said he wasn't upset with ME but only later and he clearly was.  He didn't treat me badly or anything, he wasn't mean, just not the caring sweet guy he normally is.  He masturbated (in a different room) and we went back to normal, but...  i can't stop thinking about how he wasn't supportive.  He was not sweet and caring like i thought he'd be, nor like he said he would be.People say stuff like "he's a man, what do you expect" blah blah, but honestly? I'm a guy, too, and I would never even be slightly upset at someone's trauma haunting them in a way that caused that to happen.  My first thought if they changed tunes would be "oh crap, are they okay??" And not "oh crap, i didnt get off".I can't feel the same around him since this happened, and idk if im overreacting or not.
Hi, guys.  I've been lurking on Reddit for months, but it's fairly recently that I signed up.  I'm sorry if I'm doing this wrong, or if I'm posting to the wrong subreddit.  I thought someone on this board might have a similar story to mine and might know what kind of steps I could take legally.  I am pretty desperate.So when I was a child, my mother sexually abused me.  ACS found out (I was living in NYC at the time) and I was removed pretty quickly from her custody.  Family Court gave me a restraining order against her, though it eventually expired.  I have carbon copies of the court transcripts where my mother admits to the abuse.  Despite her confession, she has never served jailtime.  I don't know what she did to get out of it.  I was very young at the time and liked to block out a lot of the details.  (I'll never forget the smell of the courtroom, though...)  I have a sinking suspicion that the court system went easier on her because she was a young and pretty woman.  After all, the men who participated in the abuse were dealt with more harshly, some of them sentenced to prison.The court fiasco was at least ten years ago.  Just a week ago, out of the blue, my mother sends me a creepy birthday card telling me that I will always be her little girl.  I saved the card and envelope, just to be safe, but the envelope had no return address.  I am not living in NY anymore; I am living in a state where you can deliver mail without a return address.  This blows my mind, and strikes me as incredibly stupid.  Regardless, with a lot of sleuthing I was able to find out my mother's current residence, so now I have that on record, too.  Unfortunately, she has a habit of getting kicked out of every apartment she moves into, so I don't know how much longer she'll be there.My question is...  Are there steps I can take legally to prevent my mother from contacting me?  I never want to see her again, not even her handwriting.  I don't want to hear her voice.  If I take my court transcripts to my local police, can they give me a new restraining order, even though the abuse was 10 years ago?  Do I have to go to the pain of taking my mother back to court?  How would this work when we live in different states?  Or do I really have to grit my teeth while my abuser sends me cutesy little winks through the mail?  I don't know how she found me, although I have a few suspicions, but I'm terrified she'll come down here and do something to hurt me, or worse--the family I'm living with.  She has hurt people for protecting me before.While I'm thinking about it, how can an adult admit in a courtroom to raping a child and not even get a slap on the wrist?  I have wondered, aside from my mom's gender, if this had something to do with the judge.  Our judge was a very, very high profile judge in NYC.  You might even know her if you've pieced together the timeline.  I won't name her because I don't want to break the subreddit's rules.  Incidentally, my mom was screwing (pardon me) one of the court officers, but I would hope he didn't have much bearing on the sentencing.
Hi guys... I just found this community, so sorry if this post doesn't fit (I'll be happy to post it somewhere else if there is somewhere better). I've never told anyone this, not even online... so sorry if it sounds a bit jumbled... I'm just trying to get my thoughts in order. But, I think I was abused as a very young child. I don't really remember anything, or have any flashbacks, but... I can tell something is wrong. For example: I have a huge problem with other people's sexualities- MOSTLY if I know them personally. Say, if I hear them make a noise that could be seen as sexual, like a sigh- or see their hands under a blanket, I get deeply angry and just feel so... dirty. This is a big problem for me because it happens DAILY. This happened recently when I was sleeping in the same bed as my mom (unrelated, I was just having some nightmares and it helps sometimes) and she shuffled... like, just a normal shuffle.. but again my mind when to feeling dirty and gross and I had to keep from sobbing... I also can't take it if she hugs me too much, for too long... one time she was holding my hand for comfort and she squeezed it kinda like a pulsing motion, and it made me so uncomfortable in a dirty way. Like, wtf? I don't suspect that she did anything wrong, but I know that this isn't supposed to happen. Again, I feel so dirty... I hate it. I'm sure there are a few things that I haven't said, so you can ask questions if you want me to clarify or whatever. :S  And again, if this isn't in the right subreddit, please tell me... I just need answers, please...
I feel like I've heard from a lot of abuse survivors that they don't tell anyone. I feel huge impulses to tell people -- not to get pity or anything, just to stop feeling like I'm keeping a secret. I don't feel like it needs to be a big secret as much as it is just sharing part of who I am and why I act the way I do. But I feel like in some ways it is unfair to share with people because it is a hard thing for others to deal with and it would make them sad or it would feel like I am just sharing to get pity/attention/etc. Should we share? 
This is my first time posting on this subreddit but I thought I'd get your opinions on something. I'll start off with saying I'm a 24 female and my sister is 26.As I've gotten older I've started processing my childhood and my mentally ill mothers actions. I'm not going to go into too much detail but she has Bipolar Disorder and undiagnosed BPD(based on the research I've done she has almost all the symptoms) she was also sick all the time with Ulcerative Colitis and was in the hospital a lot.When she was home all throughout my childhood and even into my adulthood my sister and I were often emotionally neglected & abused. I was also the scapegoat child that was blamed for everything while my sister got spoiled and favoured constantly. An example of this was every year on my birthday as a child my sister would get a huge present while I got nothing on her birthday. Within the past year my sister has been diagnosed with Aspergers Syndrome and has been living with my dad in his basement. Her and my mother can't hold down jobs and I'm basically their only friend. I often feel guilty that I'm in a stable relationship and a stable life while my sister often has to deal with a lot more trauma from my mom since she lived with her much longer than I did. I also feel bad that I'm now the favourite child with my mom while my sister is the one chastised for everything Is it wrong that I feel there should be something more wrong with me than just bouts of depression & anxiety? I often feel bad about this especially when my sister has an issue with my mom or with processing her past.  
Hi everyone, you can call me Ben, I'm 18 and I have some questions I was hoping someone could answer them?I'm sorry if this is the wrong place to ask about it, but I read somewhere that a lot of things I used to do (and still do) as a kid could be a result of abuse. I don't have any memories of being abused though but I heard repressed memories are a thing.I’ve never talked to anyone about this, I have a therapist and all but I just cant bring myself to actually talk about it to anyone.Since I was a kid, about 8 years old or maybe less, I talked about a lot of inappropriate things, sexual things. Like I would ask my friends “What would you rather, (something sexual) or (something sexual)?” not asking them to do it or anything but just looking for their opinion, just silly what would you rather games. Except I would do it all the time, to the point where my friends basically had an intervention to ask me to stop. I was 8 when they asked me to stop, and I did.Since before I was twelve, I was very promiscuous. I didn’t have sex back then, thank goodness, but I would have. I sent inappropriate pictures of me to older people online, and I loved the attention I got. I let people kiss me and touch me (about anywhere but downstairs), all they had to do was take me. Not even ask, they would just take me and I wouldn’t protest. And whenever it happened, I made sure someone would see it so that everyone at school knew what I was doing. If they left a mark, even better. Whenever I do anything sexual, I just space out. I start thinking about other things and don’t enjoy it much at all, but then I always wanna do it again. When I was 16 I was trying to get to know gay guys online, and I got a bunch of responses specially from grown, 30+ year old men. Since then I cant help but let those men find me and tell me all about what they would like to do to me and all that, after they befriend me. I want them to take advantage of me. I know it sounds awful but I don’t know why I do that. I usually tell them Im 13 not only because I look 13 but because I never got to really be 13 (because of some terrible things that were going on back then, not sexual though, not that I remember).I have also had nightmares every night since I was able to dream and they have only stopped a couple of years ago. They were all about monsters chasing me, and when they got me, they would look super scary, hold me and tickle me (something I cant stand) until I woke up scared.If I remember anything else I will comment bellow. Does this sound familiar to anyone? Please help me, I have to understand why I do what I do and try to stop it.EDIT: Just adding stuff I forgot to mention and might be validI write and read horror stories, and 99% of the stories I write are about or contain child sexual abuse. Also whenever there is a movie (like Spotlight which I watched the other day) or story about it, I have to watch/read it.EDIT: UPDATE!First of all Id like to thank everyone who commented or even just read what I had to say, you guys are awesome! Id also like to apologise for what Im about to write because I know this isnt a diary but ever since Ive opened this window to what may have happened to me or not and to what I know that did happen and remember, things have been happening. I hope you guys can help me in anyway even if its just saying that you get it and its okay. I'm not in my right mind right now so Im sorry if this doesnt make much sense.So last Thursday I met with my therapist, and brought up my dreams. Since I was a baby untill I was about 12 maybe, I had nightmares everynight, all about bad people and monsters chasing me. He asked me questions like what else scared me as a kid and if I was afraid of anywhere specific in my home. He also asked me who would confort me after I woke up scared of the nightmares. I feel like we're getting somewhere.Ever since I started talking about it, with you guys, Ive been noticing little weird things about myself or that Ive done. Im watching a movie on netflix called "ask me anything" and I identified with the main girl's behavior. How shes promiscuos specially twards older guys. throwwwaway72 told me to be careful not to get influenced by other people/things so that I wouldnt get false memories, so I'm trying not to do a lot of thinking about it without my therapist to help me out. I've been trying to, but it's hard. Anyways I thought I should update you guys on some things that I have remembered.1. A couple of times last year, I had to have guitar classes in a tiny little room at my music school because the other ones were occupied. when I closed the door behind me, I thought "I'm getting raped".  It just came to my brain, I had no logical reasons to think that and my teacher is the kindest person on earth, I wasnt even thinking about anyone, just the act of getting raped.2. when I was about 6 or 7, Idk, I went on a field trip to a historical place, and when I got on the bus to go back to school, there were two men looking at me from the outside. one of them was big and a cop, the other was skinny and ugly. both were makind sexual gestures at me while looking deep into my eyes. I told no one.3. I have no mental health problems, Ive been checked (when people thought I had adhd they checked for everything) but there are days where I feel hurt and bad for no reason and I want someone to hurt me, I don't know why. Always at night, and it goes away pretty fast. It was much, much worse when I was 13 and had an eating disorder. I'm feeling this way now, started midway through the movie "ask me anything" and its the first time Ive felt this way in a long long time.That's all for now. Again, I'm sorry, thank you for listening, and if you can, please comment what you think or just anything thanks again.EDIT: Other things about my childhood dreams:1. When I couldnt scape from the monster or bad person, I would offer them sexual favors in order to bribe them. when I was younger I would jus flash them, but later I would let them have sex with me.2. I flashed people in my dreams when I realised I was dreaming (I had lucid dreams everytime, still do) and would have no consequences to my actions.
is that from when I was in 7th grade until my senior year of hih school, I was forbidden from talking to girls. My mom would tell me that a boy talking to a girl is sexual harrasment and that all girls are gossiping bullies. This haunts me to this day.
I am writing this because it has been eating away at me for sometime. I have found it hard to move on from a cult like environment whom which I was involved with. The pain and agony I still feel to this day is something that is embarrassing. I feel like there is no hope but, it only worsens as the people who were once friends were not friends at all. I was used like a piece of meat to be thrown away. The constant gas lighting, love bombing, and mental manipulation created a void in me that I felt as if I could not trust anyone still can’t. I can’t stop crying from the pain they have caused me but, I just don’t know what sort things I can do to rectify my mood. Even with my work life I am falling but, with my therapist they are doing all they can. What sort of exercises, ideas, affirmations do you find useful to help you through your abuse PTSD?
I was thinking about how when I was younger I would look at my peers in school and think, "They get to have a mom and a dad, why don't I?"Edit: Grammar 
I'm not going to go very far into the details of what went on in the relationship I got out of a few months ago. He wasn't physically abusive. He was controlling, manipulative, and deceptively charming. He could convince pretty much anyone--even me--that our relationship wasn't that bad.Anyway, it recently became very clear to me that he has borderline personality disorder, a product of abuse he suffered through his childhood and into his teens. As in he was diagnosed with it by a professional and I got this information second-hand. Is it bad that I feel deep sympathy for him, even though he did everything he could to make my life hell? Does that excuse anything that he did to me? Also, I'm sorry if this isn't a great place for this question. I'm not sure if this is a good place to post it or not; I didn't want to post it to a bpd thread and sound like I was bashing everyone with this personality disorder. 
I think it’s because she was trying to smuggle in her agenda without being explicit and upfront about her intentions. I feel bad about this. Help?Sometime she's nice and other times she turns into a monster.Consider this exchange from before I left even:Me: I will be powerful one dayMom: I don't want you to be be powerful, I want you to be strong, mentally and physicallySeems so sincere
Hi guys! Well, I subscribed some time ago, but never got the courage to post anything.. But, well, things are getting messy again. I was sexually abused when I was a child -  something that kept repeating for almost 10 yeas.That was horrible, I know, but for me it's just... Strange. Like, I don't know, it doesn't looks like it happened to me, although I know that it did. I don't remember being scared or sad about it, actually sometimes I went after the abuser... I never went through therapy, and I though that I never needed to. I always was kinda happy and optimistic, so why I should touch these memories ? But you know, something wasn't right about myself. I mean... Something still isn't right about myself right now. I don't know what happens with me, but a few times of the day my heart starts racing with no apparent reason. Despite I can sleep pretty well, my brain seems to never stop. And doesn't matter how good things are, deep inside me I have a strange feeling that everything will start to break at some time. I don't know how to explain this... It's like my mind can't stop to consider every possibility going wrong, and I keep preparing myself for every awful and absurd situation that will never happen. And then my motivation just disappears. Suddenly I don't want to do anything and nothing looks interesting.And still, I can ignore all of this. It's easier than anything for me to ignore anything that I can't control. Well, I don't know what I described has anything to do with the abuse. I just want to know if anyone can relate with this, and if someone can help me to find out if I can do anything about it... (sorry for my English, it's not my first language...)
This is my first time posting anything at all to reddit, and I still don't know how to use it. I'm telling my story here because I believe it's begun to have effects on me now going on a couple years after the time it all happened. I'm happy to answer any questions, if anyone asks, and take any advice under consideration. I apologize for this massive story you may be about to read. There will be a TL;DR at the end to summarize this part.So everyone understands the timeline, this part of this post all takes place over two years, me leaving the relationship at the two year mark, roughly.I was 17 or 18 the first time I saw her, having just gotten out of another relationship where at the end I was devastated to learn that I had been cheated on at least four times. My ever faithful friends took me to the mall to cheer me up, and it was there that I met her... Supposedly. I don't remember it happening, something I attributed to the heartbreak and depression I was going through at the time, and one of many things she would eventually grow to resent.The first time I remember meeting her was at a party, my best friends high school graduation party. I came over early to help set up, and she came over too. And dear god I felt it immediately. The whirling butterflies, the hair raising, the moment where the lights seemed to only illuminate her, and everyone else grew so silent... She was the one. My social anxiety, however, wouldn't allow me to say anything more than a few brief words to her, even when she made it clear she was interested in me. We spent the majority of the party not close to each other- mostly because of the circle of guys that had one-by-one gravitated towards her. The party eventually came to an end, I was certain I wouldn't stand a chance, and by the end of that week it seemed I was right- she started dating one of the circle-guys.I went about my first post high school summer, and eventually added her on Facebook. I learned that she was always on around the same time every night, because that's when she responded to my messages. Eventually, it moved to texts, and we found ourselves with so much in common, and our differences complimented each other. We started hanging out, and it was great. Then she told me she was thinking of breaking up with her current boyfriend because he wasn't responding to her and seemed so distant. She finally did and we went on a date.It was a terrible first date, but terrible in that "coming to a theater this Valentine's Day" romantic dramedy kind of way. We went to a Waffle House and didn't have enough money for our food so she left to go to her parents house while I sat in the booth waiting for her to return with money so we could pay. After, we went to a cemetery, and just quietly walked amongst the long resting dead, where we thought we heard a sound come from a disturbed coffin. It was freezing outside by the time we made it to her neighborhood playground, and I gave her my jacket.After that night, we spent the better part of a year telling our parents we were spending nights at a friends when we would secretly have the other over in our parents basement. I had never felt more of a connection to another being than I did while we were together those night.But things at my house were not great. I fought with my parents near constantly, and had come to blows with my father two times. I recognize now I was busy being a bull headed ass hole to my parents and they didn't deserve what hell I put them through, and while I also recognize that my father and I should never have put hands on each other, we have since talked about those times and both come to understand the others perspective and now have a very happy and healthy relationship.Still, these tumultuous times resulted in my eventual expulsion from their house. She came and helped me get all I could get into her car, and her parents let me stay at their house for the weekend. After a week of bouncing between friends houses, I was able to get my car from my parents and began sleeping in my car during the weekends and her basement during the week (her father traveled for work and didn't like the idea of me being in the same house as his daughter, but her mother absolutely loved me and had come from an abusive household herself, and didn't want me out on the streets).I maintained a job during these times, and had saved enough to consider getting a place of my own. But I thought by this time, a year and a half into our relationship, with all we had been through, that maybe we could try getting a place for us, not just me.We looked, in secret at first, at apartments, and we finally found one we liked. We summoned up our courage and brought this news to her mother, who supported it, hesitantly. Eventually her father found out she signed for the place too, and he was not thrilled, but we got the place and began moving in. For the first month, she stayed at her parents house still, to give her dad time to adjust to this change. Eventually she fully moved in. It was about 2 months later the fighting started.We had started a band with a few of our friends, she and I both singers, and had been preparing for out second show, at a venue in a local college town. The morning of the show, we were at her parents house, and she was trying to get ready. I was talking to her mother and suddenly, my girlfriend snapped. She stormed from her bedroom and screamed at me from the railing of the upstairs hall, about how I didn't love her and that I didn't think she was enough. I was in disbelief but firmly stated I loved her more than life... And her mother retreated to her bedroom to avoid the literal screeching from her daughter. My girlfriend came downstairs and rushed to the kitchen demanding I tell her I didn't love her, and in one fluid motion opened a drawer, grabbed a knife, spun to face me as a ran in after her, and held it to her wrist.I froze for a moment, my hands outstretched and my mouth hung open. She demanded again and I finally forced myself to ask her to put the knife down, but my voice shook with fear, and she could sense it. She stood there, pressing the knife harder into the flesh of her wrist as I said "please, _______, I love you more than anything. Please don't hurt yourself, don't do this, just please put the knife down.""I hate you." She said as I looked her in the eyes and saw something in her change, and she slid the knife quick across her wrist and dropped it to the floor, letting out a shriek of terror as she came back to herself and realized what had happened. The blood came so fast and her mother came running down the stairs. I grabbed as many paper towels as I could while yelling for her to keep her arm over her head and pressure on the cut. I explained in a hurried manner what had happened as her mother began to cry and I rushed out the door as she told me to take her to the hospital.We made up a story that she dropped the knife and it was an accident, but it takes a lot more than two terrified young adults last minute story to fool trained medical staff. Her father came and I was shaking. Once my girlfriend realized she would be ok, she turned cold again, asked why I was so scared in an irritated tone, and her father explained that it was probably because I cared for her so much. She grew quiet and eventually the nurse or doctor.. I honestly can't remember, came in and asked her father and I to step outside a moment, so she could evaluate her mental state.We left there and talked for a while about what happened, she had returned to her normal self by all accounts, though she wouldn't say what the doctors told her after the evaluation. But I didn't press the issue. I left it up to her if she wanted to play the show still, and she wanted to, and we did, our friends being respectful and not asking about the cause and bandaging on her wrist.The fights continued after a few weeks. All small things- she spilled something on the floor and I was annoyed, I would be too tired to go out and do anything most days (I worked five days a week from 8 am to 5-6 pm and would be exhausted) and she would argue that I never wanted to go out. In hindsight, what occurred next was not a good decision on either of our parts.My brother called me in tears, because he met with a similar expulsion, however he was slightly more prepared because he had been able to take his car with him. He asked if he could stay with me and ________. I asked her, taking into account we had our ups and downs, even though they were worse than that. She said yes. He came and we charged him a minimal fee to stay with us. The problem was, it was a one bedroom apartment, and he had to sleep on our pull out sofa in the living room.I see now that our living conditions didn't help us have any normalcy in our relationship, but it couldn't possibly explain the switch to abuse. At some point, I noticed she had been staying out later and later, and responding to me less and less. Eventually, it had gotten to the point of her staying out until 5 in the morning, just to come home and sleep for the day and go back out again that night. I began to have weird feelings. Something was off. But I trusted her- or I wanted to trust her. You know how you can set your iPhone (and probably android too, I don't know I haven't used one) to display what a text message says from the lock screen, or you can make it so it just says the contact name and 'imessage'? Well she was using the former, and that's how I found out. Her phone was sitting on the bedside table, and I was leaning in to kiss her goodbye before I left for work, and it lit up. I glanced over and I could read the words "I love you too" from her ex boyfriend. I knew her passcode and I grabbed her phone silently, but as I was about to punch in the last digit, I stopped and turned it off and placed it back on the table. I left for work and said nothing about it...Until the day she came home with new snake bite piercings and tried to kiss me. She asked what was wrong and I resisted at first, but I eventually caved and asked why he said he lover her, knowing full well the answer. She was silent. This turned into a screaming match. I couldn't handle what her answers were, and broke down, crying loud and hard and she eventually resorted to screaming "I'm going to kill myself" to which our neighbor responded by calling the police. They tried to get out of us what was going on but we resisted and even though I felt so betrayed, I wouldn't admit I heard her say she'd kill herself. They warned us no more fighting or one of us would have to leave. We agreed we would stop for the night and sleep, but after they left it started again, and my brother came home to it. I was filling him in when the police came again, and said one of us had to go, so I volunteered myself. Mostly because she wouldn't. I drove to a McDonald's and cried for two hours in the parking lot. She came up there to talk to me and I gave her a choice. It seemed she decided to stay with me, but the coming months would prove otherwise.I had learned in that first confrontation she had begun drinking, (we both never drank, I mean absolutely never) and she would go to parties with him as his date, being all over him. She claimed this was all because when she broke it off with him before, she didn't get closure, and that's what this was for her. But then she kept seeing him after this revelation, in secret, but I always knew. She wouldn't tell me who she was with ever, and even started going with him to see our friends, pretending to have broke up quietly with me and gone back to him.I'm not proud of the fact I would secretly read her texts to find out what she was doing, but I felt I had to because she was everything but honest with me. We would get into fights over me doing this when I would confront her on what she was doing, and she would change her password, but I would always figure it out, and it would go back and forth, each time she lashed out worse. She began switching to hitting me, punching me, calling me names, and never holding back. I woke up every day, sore from the beating I took the night before. For 8 months I endured the bruises, the names, the pain, the lack of sleep, and I remained faithful, convinced love would win out. Until the day she assaulted me in public. She went through my phone and found where I had been talking to a coworker about all that was happening, and became enraged. She was wearing steel toed boots. I thought she fractured my shin. Instead it was merely permanently dented.Her parents bought a house out of state, and we're almost never around any more. I was left to make sense of this new person in inhabiting my loves body. She wasn't the same, but I couldn't walk away. Eventually the lease came up and we moved to a bigger place, hoping that the extra space would alleviate some of what was happening. But instead of coming to stay with me, she moved into her parents basement, and since they were almost never there, she made the space her own. I wrote this off as simply giving her a place to go if she felt to constricted, but then her behavior of ignoring me began again. And then she texted me at work, saying she wanted to take a break.I hate those words. To me it's saying "I want permission to see other people without you being upset and still be there when I'm done." And I say this because every time it's said to me, that's the context it's meant in. So, naturally, I was opposed. But we agreed to see each other less, but that we would not see other people.That very night, she went to hang out with my friends, to karaoke, and she didn't invite me. The old sensation that something was wrong came over me, but I suppressed the urge to pester her. A few days later I couldn't stand it and I called saying I needed to see her, and she reacted oddly. She didn't want me there. But I broke down over the phone, and she began to nurture. Just as I got to her house she told me someone was over, and didn't want me to freak out. It was some guy id never met before. She acted like nothing was going on, but somehow I knew what took place. I got some of my belongings that had made it to her parents house during the move, and left. A day later, two of my closest friends visited me and told me some news, things I already knew but could not let myself believe. I decided to hold an intervention for her. We all could tell something was wrong and we desperately wanted her back.The intervention went well, until the end, when I spoke about my feelings. She had been receptive to everyone else, but when I spoke, it was like daggers to her. That's when she finally dropped the bomb that she had slept with the guy who was over that day I had broken down. Multiple times. I couldn't handle it anymore and I screamed some profanity at her and ran out. The crazy thing about all this.. She talked me in to not leaving her like I had promised myself I would if it happened.As I'm sure you guessed, the fights got worse. She stayed inMy apartment again, but almost every other day we would be fighting, and she would beat me, threaten to kill my brother and I, call me terrible names, and say awful things to make me question myself. We were seeing her therapist at the time as well, and at the start of the sessions, I believed in her, but as the time went on, I believed and trusted less. She tried to convince me that I shouldn't be as upset as I was about the situation, and eventually when her mother would visit from out of state, she would say the same things.Then the pregnancy happened. A month and a half after she had slept with this guy, she found out she was pregnant, ironically, by trying to get birth control. We fought because I had been with her shortly before and after and was terrified that the child wasn't mine.We never got the chance to find out, although she insisted there was no way it was the other guys. The pregnancy was ectopic, and it had to be aborted, which involved them removing her entire ovary. This strained us further. I tried to be supporting, but we weren't close anymore. We never talked about tough things without fighting, and never fought without myself being beaten.I had, by this point, started defending myself. When she would hit me, I would try to get ahold of her wrists to stop her from swinging, and as she kicked at me, I would often pin her until she stopped trying to hurt me.The worst moment was when she beat me so badly I couldn't fight back, bound my wrists with duct tape, and tried to find a knife to stab me with, but only after she went for my brother. She didn't bind my feet so I got up, broke free of the tape and stopped her finding anything sharp (I had previously hidden all the knives and scissors, the best she'd find was a razor for shaving). After hours more of fighting, I went to drive her back to her parents and she threw a fit in the car, her car, and kicked the dash and the windshield, until it spiderweb cracked on the passenger side. I stopped the car and she ran, I don't know where to. But eventually she came back, and seemed scared. I took her back to my apartment, and she passed out soon after.The physical and mental abuse never stopped. She ended up getting a new place that he parents paid for, and I was with her for a bit, and things were more or less evened out- there wasn't another guy that I knew of, and while she best on me still, it seemed to be lessening.But eventually another guy came along, and I could tell it was happening again, except this time she wasn't hiding her feelings about it. This was in front of my face. I talked with friends and found the courage to finally end it on my terms. I didn't realize at the time though that I broke up with her while she was drunk, and I regret having ended it that way still. I walked away and tried my hardest not to cry, but I couldn't do it. I wish I could say that was the end of the relationship, but it was really only the halfway point.This is all I can manage to get down right now. I'll post the second half later on, but I would like to at least get this out there. Again, I'm sorry for the wall of text, but I'm trying to be as honest about all my feelings during all this so as many people understand how hard it is to go through and leave an abusive relationship.TL;DR: met love of my life at a young age, we moved in together after a time, She began beating me and cheating on me, broke up with her after two years, but that's only the half way mark.
Hello, /r/survivorsofabuse!Tomorrow evening, /r/MensLib is hosting an AMA with Glen Poole, a journalist and activist who does tremendous work on men's issues. We thought your community might be interested in joining the discussion.[Here is our promo post](https://www.reddit.com/r/MensLib/comments/41eq4v/announcement_ama_with_glen_poole_tuesday_19_jan_6/) so you can get a sense of the work Glen does. We hope you'll join us!Thanks to the /r/survivorsofabuse mods for letting us share this with you.
I don't remember how old I was, but I must have been pretty young. Probably somewhere around 5 to 8 years old, and I was at my neighbor's house who was around 4 or so years older than me. I was alone with him, and I can't remember anything that was said, but I guess he convinced me to take my clothes off, and he did too. After this he spent a while trying to convince me to do several different sexual things. I don't think I did anything, and I don't think he forced me to do anything. It ended when he heard his mom coming, and we got dressed.Could this have affected me in any way? Should I consider it abuse of some kind? It kind of upsets me to think about it, but as far as I remember nothing ever happened, and that makes me feel like I don't really have a right to feel bad about it. 
I met a guy on OKcupid...we face timed a few times and yes, I went to his house at night. I thought we were going to make out and watch a movie. That's all I really wanted.He started to get REALLY handsy and i kept trying to tell him to stop...I said STOP. He wouldn't stop and he would then aggressively continue to make out with me so I couldn't say anything. I think at that point I just gave up and froze.At that point, he got on top of me and we did it.I really wish he would have listened to me when I said stop...but he kept going. I feel like it might not have been rape because i didnt push him off or run away. I just kinda of laid there and took it.What do you guys think? My therapist says that I said stop and he didn't stop which constitutes as rape.
Since this is a throw-away I will be brutally honest. I am 24, I identify as female but was born male and I am currently engaged to a 22 year old male. As a child my parents weren't the best and that is putting it lightly. I don't really feel like going into details because 1) I don't feel like feeling shitty / crying 2) The details don't specifically matter, most of it was psychological / verbal / mental / whatever abuse although I would argue physical abuse was involved (neglecting healthcare, going overboard with corporal punishment, etc). Now that my "credentials" are out of the way, here is the issue: I am abusive. I have known that I had picked up "fleas" (although I have been formally diagnosed with borderline personality disorder) and that I had these traits but I thought they were somewhat controlled and not terribly prominent. I have (independently) realized in the past few days that I am incredibly manipulative to my fiance. And a lot of times I have been unknowingly verbally and mentally abusive to him (I have a very high drive for accomplishment and he is very much "enjoy life" so I push him to achieve more / do different things / take risks which is taken (quite rightly) as treating him less like a partner and more like a pet)He struggled with mental health (he continues to) and he says that I am the sole reason he has no self-esteem anymore... which breaks my heart. He says that he wants to leave me but he is afraid I will kill myself if he leaves (which I will admit I **did** say but it was in response to him asking "What would you do if I left?" after he talked about how he is fortunate enough to have good parents unlike me [which he did apologize for and admit was insensitive to say]) It isn't that I would kill myself because **he** left, I would kill myself because I would be alone. I've been unable to keep friends (shocker, right?), my parents are fake (They have "gotten better" [they don't actively abuse me anymore although this is partially due to me being manipulative and telling them what they want to hear and stroking their egos] but there is still contention over gender identity) and honestly I am unhappy. On top of parental abuse, my first roommate fucked me up badly emotionally (although this was due to a slight mental health breakdown I had, I would call it a  40/60 fault [60 being me]) and my first boyfriend did things to me sexually (I don't want to call it rape because there wasn't like 'fucking' involved just multiple instances of unconsensual groping and oral along with withholding of affection.)Basically my question is how do I fix this? I absolutely adore my fiance from the bottom of my heart but I feel like I have to leave him for his own good which does destroy me to think about. He told me last night that I would be a terrible mother and he doesn't want children (I didn't inquire whether he meant just with me or in general). How did you break the cycle? I try my best to not be knowingly manipulative but it is so easy when I am feeling down (I neg myself to get affection. I seek out affection badly and my fiance has wised up and refuses to give me unneeded affection and attention anymore... which causes me to seek it out more. I would argue this isn't his fault, I seek out external emotional stimuli because I can't provide it for myself)Also does anyone know of steps I can take to become better and give my fiance assurance that I want to and am becoming better? I am already seeking out a therapist / psych to start visiting since I do need to visit one (I had to leave my past one six months ago because I ran out of money and my parents refused to pay for therapy for me)Is breaking off things the best way to help him? (I really don't want to hear the answer because I know what it will be...) Would giving him room be better or worse? I currently live 3 hours from work and it is wearing on me so I am considering moving to that city and living with him on the weekends. He has already suggested and I've (finally) agreed to see a couples counselor. Is that something that will help?Thank you.
I was just wondering if some of you have done the steps in relation to recovering from abuse. I know that some people don't agree with the steps and the notion of powerlessness. The way I see it, I was powerless in the sense that it happened, I was a kid, and now I'm left to deal with the consequences, and I'm not doing a really good job at that. Just wondering if you guys have any experience with that? 
**How I Was Mentally Manipulated**I'm a trans girl, but I wasn't on hormones during my relationship with "Jenna." She used an abuse tactic called [gaslighting](http://everydayfeminism.com/2015/08/things-wish-known-gaslighting/) in which she deconstructed my reality by convincingly acting as if I'd done or said things I hadn't. She'd go from cheerful to suddenly crawling into a fetal position, acting traumatized. When I, shocked, would ask her what was wrong, she'd convince me through tears that I was wrong about something or even abusive. Over time, I changed my life entirely and was isolated from friends, old and new alike. I was checked up on at all times of the day. She'd go from happy to suddenly giving me facial expressions like I was scum: sneering, scowling, curling her nose or lips, etc. She'd give murderous, unblinking glares that looked like they were from *The Exorcist*, but when I'd say something, she'd snap out of it and act confused as to what I was "imagining." I'm actually still scared of her, though I haven't seen her in two and a half months.It wasn't until the past two weeks (after reading the article on gaslighting) that I started remembering sexually traumatic experiences. I'm about to list them here, because I want to be sure I was really raped and not just misconstruing things. I was really raped, right?**The Sexually Abusive Incidents*** 1: She was on top. Things were going normally. I was losing stamina, so I said, "Honey, can we stop for a second?" She then turned her head very slowly to look at me, smirking, placed her hand on my chest, and gyrated faster than ever. My body was flooded with too much sensation, and I was afraid, thinking, "I'm not really being raped right now, right?" I felt betrayed, since I couldn't control what my own body was doing and was surprised I was staying erect despite being exhausted. I reasoned maybe she hadn't heard me (though there was no other sound when I talked), so I tried to sit up far enough for her to have to climb off. My muscles were weak from the intense stimulation, but I tried to curl upwards. She held me down with her body's weight and her hand. It wasn't much pressure, but I didn't have much strength to fight back. I knew I couldn't win, so I lied back down and compartmentalized how scared I was by saying, "Well, it's just like one of my rape fantasies, so I can just pretend it's one of those." I know that was ridiculous reasoning, but I wanted to come so she'd stop. Afterwards, I told her I'd asked her to stop. She said she hadn't heard and that she felt awful. I told her not to worry about it and how I pretended it was like one of my rape fantasies. She said sorry again, but it was just a minute of discussing it before we went to do something mundane.* 2: I remember this one the least. She started using a glass dildo normally on me. She started getting rougher and rougher. I may have said "stop," but I don't know; my body was just in shock, and I don't know what I sounded like. I started slapping the pillows, mattress, and headboard, trying to indicate something was wrong. She kept going, and I was physically compromised from the pain and intense stimulation alike, so I let her finish me off. I told her I'd wanted her to stop and was signaling to do so. She said she couldn't tell and was sorry. It was a brief apology, but I believed her. The next morning, I was by myself and ejaculated blood. I had blood on toilet paper a day or two afterward.* 3: It was the glass dildo again. It was being utilized normally like before, but instead of a gradual buildup of roughness, she just suddenly started punching into me like she would a punching bag. It was worse than the last time. I know I made noises. I know I tried to say, "Honey, stop" at first, then, "Stop" multiple times. Those words may have actually come out, or at the very least, "Sto—!", though I'm not sure how loud. Then again, there were no other noises around, though I just realized I'd kept imagining the experiences as being very loud. It was so painful and so sexually overwhelming that it was like watching my body in third person. I think I swiped at her (I'm pretty sure I did) but couldn't reach. I must have, because I remember looking back and seeing her expression. Except for her arm, she was incredibly still and statuesque with a slight smile. She looked like a beautiful Greek statue. But her arm was just hurling the dildo into me, and it was hitting a "BUMP BUMP BUMP," which I think may have been bone. I slapped everything around me to signal something was wrong, but it was again no use. When I came, it was dark, deep red blood, more intense than before. She acted concerned and told me I should see a doctor to make sure I didn't have a medical problem. The doctor told me trauma could cause bloody semen, so I told him about a dildo being used on me but didn't frame it as rape. I had no medical problems reproductively. More blood on toilet paper.* She also "accidentally" bought a dildo too large online, but I agreed to use the gigantic thing anyway. It tore me a bit, and I told her so. Jenna said I'd shown her erotic artwork of penises too large for the bottom's body and had told her that was what I liked. I knew for sure I didn't like taking things too big for me and told her so, but she told me I really, truly had expressed how much I enjoyed taking too much. I broke up with her because the things she tried to make me believe became so outrageous, I couldn't reason that they were real anymore. When we talked a month later, she apologized for breaking up with *me*.**Why I Wouldn't Leave*** Jenna said she was sexually abused by her granddad and first boyfriend, that she was beaten up by both parents, and that she was attacked for being visibly queer. I excused all her negative actions as being part of PTSD. But she kept me from knowing too much of her past or meeting her family, so I don't know how true it all was.* I thought rapists didn't apologize. Because Jenna said she was sorry, I thought she couldn't be a rapist. I also didn't expect it to ever happen to me, period, and had imagined rape to be very obvious incidents that didn't need questioning into.* I thought being trans meant I was less lovable. I was trying to get on hormones, and I thought I couldn't find many others who could understand. She identified as genderqueer, but there were some inconsistencies between her and other genderqueer (or otherwise trans people) I'd spoken to or read about. I thought maybe she was just different, but I'm starting to question if she was really trans at all. She also discouraged me from doing anything that would help me "pass" or look more feminine. I think she may have wanted me to be visibly trans so she could tout me in public instead of just being a "regular lesbian." We live in the Bible belt. Sorry, that was unrelated.* I thought that without hormones, I must have been stronger for being "bio male." I was a little bit taller and seemingly more muscular, but she had insane strength that overpowered me at times, whether with sex or physical chores.* She'd withhold telling me I was pretty, smart, funny, or any other compliments. I'd ask for reassurance, and she'd say something like "I can't give you that" or crawl into a fetal position, since I was triggering her by not being more confident in myself, according to her. I think I kind of held on to get some validation from her that she'd never truly give because that's one way she maintained power over me.**Her Friend*** Jenna's friend, "Bobbi," is someone I've met with briefly four times when there were other people around. I never talked to her one-on-one, but I had a good impression of her.* Bobbi's an organizer for a lot of events relating to sexual, gender, or ethnic minorities. She's not a celebrity, but she has a lot of connections with the leading queer, trans, or non-white locals.* Bobbi's a similar age as me in her 30s.* Bobbi saw me on OKCupid and "liked" me. It was late at night, and I wasn't thinking well, so I told her there was something important but very private I wanted to confide in her. I reassured her I wasn't hitting on her, and she said that was good because she was Jenna's friend. She said she hoped I was well, called me a friend, and gave me her number.**Important Detail:**On hormones, I look different—enough to get gendered female. My hair's different. I'm changing addresses with a new roommate. I'm going to change my name. Someone went into opposing traffic and totaled my car a few days ago, so even my vehicle will be different. I don't want Jenna to know *any* new details about me. Also, Jenna is one of the higher-ups of a locally well-known charitable organization. I'm not sure if I should approach things differently because of that or not, but it upsets me.I'm sorry for ranting so long. I meant it to be succinct at first, but it just flowed out. I've had other people to talk to and see my therapist a week from now. But I've wanted someone close to the situation to believe me. If I talk to Bobbi, I'll mention other things about me (including my recent myriad struggles) so she'll have a better idea of me before going into details about Jenna. If this is a mistake in the making, should I just not call her and delete the profile she found me at? Or just talk about a concern of mine completely unrelated to Jenna? Has talking to a friend of an abusive ex ever been helpful to any of you?Thank you! I appreciate it.
I wanted to share my latest podcast episode with sexual abuse survivor Mike Pistorino. Mike is a man on a mission. He shares his incredible story of how he's been able to transform himself from someone who was really messed up from the abuse to the motivational speaker and activist he is today. A must-listen for anyone who was sexually abused as a child. You can find it at the link below. Thanks.http://thegrassgetsgreener.com/mikepistorino
PiPE is a collective of humans working to support sexual assault survivors by providing advocacy, and helping connect people to resources. We also serve as a drop in center and community center for homeless youth, who are also survivors of sexual violence.please please please share our fundraiser to your social media pages.thank you so muchhttps://www.youcaring.com/partners-in-prevention-education-pipe-484157
That's it. I would like to be understood. I want someone, anyone, to get me. To know me. To understand me. To know that I get upset when I'm talked to like I'm a child. And that I perceive things as being that way even if they sometimes aren't. I want someone to get that because of abuse I'm stunted. I'm in pain. And that I need support.And that above all I need patience. Someone to be patient with me because I'm trying to and it doesn't always work. I just would like to be understood. 
If you've experienced the repression of abuse, and either have recalled it later in life or you have reason to believe you've undergone abuse but have no recollection of it - may I talk to you about it? I'm writing a short story on repression of abuse and memory, based on fact and theories and done hundreds of pages of research. I want my work to be as realistic as possible, and interviewing somebody who has personally had such experiences would be extremely helpful. I do not mean to cheapen anybody's experiences, as my own experience with this concept is what drew me to it in the first place.If anybody with these experiences would like to chat about this, please let me know.Thank you so much, and happy new year. 
So...a year and 5 months ago I was sexually assaulted by a female psychiatrist while I was in a treatment center for my eating disorder. I feel a lot of shame because my body was violated and touched and viewed against my will and now I'm impure and it kills me a little everyday that that monster *knows my body* in such intimate ways. This has ruined my life. It ruined my relationship, my self-esteem, my happiness...I cry everyday and things as simple as laying down to go to sleep trigger flashbacks. I can't even take a shower without freaking out. I can't stand seeing my soiled body. I can't even handle sitting without my arms crossed over my chest. And it's so inconvenient and terrifying to be afraid of other females because people always assume that just because I'm a woman too I'll be more comfortable with them. I was forced to see a female therapist, female doctor, everything and it was awful. Going into public restrooms is nearly impossible because obviously it's full of other women. My ex, (who broke up with me because I wouldn't stop complaining about what happened) told me that it didn't matter when I tried to tell him about it. He said it was basically "a brush on the shoulder" and that because I wasn't fully raped it's nothing. It was very crushing to hear that so I'm so scared to tell anyone else. I don't know what to do. I don't know how to handle this. I hate myself everyday for not fighting, for not stopping it from happening and because my body doesn't even belong to me anymore. I just needed to get it out in a place where I won't be judged and invalidated. Thank you. 
Please bear with me, I cross-posted this to TwoXChromosomes but didn't really get as much support/response as I would've liked.You know how bad things happen in threes? Well if I count this up right, I'm hoping to be in the clear by now. But it's still really messing with me in hindsight.I will try to make this as concise as possible. But this is a wall of text. Sorry!I recently moved across the country because I just wanted to start over, and it just so happened there was nothing keeping me in New York anymore...so I did it...I left and I moved to the Bay Area. I first realized I wanted to leave New York about a year ago. At that time in my life, I think I was experiencing something almost like PTSD about a few bad relationships in a row, situations where I ignored many, many red flags and just couldn't seem to get my shit together. I was very stressed by the living conditions and just wanted a change. And I've always loved California, so it seemed like a good choice. (So far, I'd say it IS a good choice!)I've always said I would never move across the country to be with a guy, but apparently I would do it to get away from him, because that's basically what happened. About five years ago, I started this bizarre and horrible losing streak of toxic, emotionally abusive relationships. And I really kinda never got a break. It's only now that I'm really feeling what it's done to me in the longer term. I'm 33, I know for a fact I don't want to get married or have kids. I know I'm not interested in or ready for a serious relationship because of all the shit that has happened to me. But it's making me feel really sad and broken that I can't even meet guys or have casual flings/casual sex with them either. I just freeze up about it, or they end up being shitty to me...because of all of this. I honestly can't picture ever being with a guy again and not having it turn into the same shit I already went through. Anyway here goes...About five years ago, I met a guy who I was with for almost four years on and off. We fought all the time. He claimed to care about me but he kept me from my friends and guilt-tripped me if I didn't want to spend every weekend with him. We spent way too much time together. He had some really fucked up views about sex, society, and how women should be treated. He would withhold sex as punishment and treat it like this huge deal, like we needed some elaborate preparation to do it. In the end, he would always come up with excuses as to why he didn't want to. When I stayed over, he would yell at me if I left a dish in the sink or wanted to spend time by myself practicing (I'm a musician). He would threaten to break up with me if I didn't go to therapy and take medication, when meanwhile he was the one who made my anxiety so, so much worse. It also didn't help that I drank a lot to mute my feelings. He would constantly tell me that I was "hard to be with."During one of the times we'd broken up, I rebounded with a fling I'd had before meeting this guy. The guy I rebounded with was almost sociopathic about the way he treated and perceived women. He basically treated me like a whore and was mostly talk anyway, mostly sexting and constant excuses as to why he couldn't actually get together. We really only slept together a few times and he was really critical afterwards of my "performance." He "got sick with bronchitis" for three months and then ghosted. He's a fucking 50-year old man and he didn't have the balls to tell me straight up that he wasn't interested or possibly, was still fucking his ex. It made me feel horrible. He also called me a "depressed and needy girl" when I hit a rough patch due to anxiety and legitimately started to question his interest in seeing me. I obviously should have picked up on the fact that he was lying to me and/or not into me, but for whatever reason, I got hooked and it fucked me up.Anyway, then I broke up with the boyfriend once and for all, and fell right into another rebound with a guy I worked with who was married...apparently on the verge of another divorce (he was on his third marriage, with a daughter in college). He gave me one excuse after the other about how he couldn't get divorced because he didn't want to 'lose everything" and wanted to be able to put his daughter through school. Almost twenty years older than me and should have known better. When we started realizing we had feelings for each other/chemistry, I even SAID I didn't want it to get in the way of the fact that we worked together and had similar interests (both musicians). I said I didn't want to be invisible or a secret, and if he was still married, then that wasn't good enough for me. But somehow he sucked me in...because I was still lonely and in pain from my breakup and from the shit these other guys had done to me. Somehow I guess I was still putting out that energy.Again, he strung me along, just like the other guys...and would block my number if I texted enough to arouse suspicion. He was terrible at communicating and would say all the right things to seem like he really wanted to be with me, but couldn't actually go through with it and didn't have the balls to have a real conversation about that, so he just kept me on the side, mostly waiting. I fell for it because I was in love with him and wanted to think that someday it could work out for us. Obviously, things went to shit and it reached a point where I couldn't get through a day at work without crying. So I left that job, knowing I'd poisoned the well, knowing this guy was literally making me crazy. We would fight and he would scream at me until I cried so hard that my stomach would hurt the next day. He was, like the others, constantly making judgments about my choices in music, my body, my choices in books, my childhood and upbringing, everything I "should" be doing differently. Again, he would tell me I was acting "crazy" and that I "need help." And again, his behavior caused my anxiety to reach critical mass. He negged me, just like the others, while meanwhile acting as if he were this grand mentor figure to me and like if I listened to him, everything would be fine. I behaved terribly, blowing up his phone because I couldn't stand being treated that way...but he would never apologize for making me upset. He would never apologize for leaving me hanging and creating this whole fantasy via empty promises and text. Then he changed his tune and "never promised" he'd get divorced, leaving me feeling as if I were wasting my time...but by that point, I'd already fallen for him and he knew it. Still, when I'd try to distance myself, he'd act hurt. I thought I was in the clear by leaving that job, but he continued to keep me under his spell. I knew it was bullshit, but I just wanted it to work. Just like before. The allure of "getting it right" was worth more to me than the severe emotional distress as a result of such toxicity. I seriously lost my fucking mind. He seriously drove me completely crazy. I'm sure part of it was already having gone through so much horror with the first guy and already being pretty fragile. But still...I was a wreck, a shadow of myself. I wanted to die.Anyway, a year ago, I finally saw all of these mistakes for what they were and for the damage they have done to my self-worth. And I basically said to myself, you have to fucking go as far away as possible from this life you have built. If you can't seem to stay away from this fuckin dude while still in the same city, then you need to leave so that you have no choice but to let it all go once and for all. It was certainly not the only reason I left New York, but it was a pretty big part of this abstract sense of failure and loss. I just felt haunted by my past choices, by the fact that the latter half of my life in New York was so full of horrible decisions. I had lost myself...I made myself sick. I couldn't function in every day life anymore because I was governed by panic, shame, and obsession. I could not even fathom having sex with a guy again or letting a guy into my life at all because every time for the past five years, it culminated in tears and criticism and panic. I kept thinking I could try again and meet a decent dude, but I kept getting too scared and triggered by the way so many guys act.I don't regret the move, not at all. I love it out here and I think it did what it was supposed to...I don't feel so burdened by these toxic guys because they're far enough away that it has made me feel like I escaped. I have more space to think straight and to just be who I am on my own terms. It's beautiful and I'm doing well..I have a great job and lots of cool friends out here. I'm slowly finding the people who "get" me and learning to enjoy being alone again.But the flip side of this is being so disturbed by all of the red flags I ignored for so long, and being so full of regret and guilt that I let all of these guys treat me this way. I'm really sort of embarrassed in a way. I'm 33 years old and at this rate, it's been 10 years since I've had a normal, functional relationship. I'm trying to be okay with the fact that I need to heal with this, but I'm also just sad. I'm sad that I can no longer see sex as a simple, carefree activity. I'm sad that I can no longer text or communicate otherwise like a normal person and instead I get panicky if the guy doesn't respond or says something weird. I'm sad that I lost so much of myself to other people and basically wasted the last years of my 20's worrying about guys who will never give as much of a shit about me, as I ever did about them. I'm sad that in my darker moments I become fixated on the idea of revenge, on the idea of calling up my old job anonymously and blowing the whistle on this dude, calling his wife and telling her, smearing their names, throwing them under the bus and coming clean about this shit. The icing on the fucking cake is that I recently found out his wife has cancer. According to a mutual friend, he's apparently resentful that he has to take care of her and hates feeling so obligated. Does this convince me that he actually did have feelings for me and just sucked at expressing them? Nah. It was just a shitty little twist of karma and left me feeling oddly responsible, like somehow I caused some horrible sequence of events by hating him so much and actually wishing him dead because of what he did to me.I just feel stunted and broken and like I am missing out, like I am now defective because of all of this. I can't seem to get over that feeling. Online dating terrifies me. Casual sex, even more so. If a guy is really, really into me, I now don't know how to handle it because I'm so used to being ignored and treated like I don't matter. I mourn the fact that I went from being a really independent and headstrong woman who enjoyed sex and could set decent boundaries about relationships, to being afraid of my own goddamn shadow.So, I don't know what to do. I realize time will heal a lot of this. I don't have time for therapy. I've already figured out where I went wrong. I just can't stop blaming myself about it. It also scares the hell out of me that things could've gone way worse with the married guy. I could've easily lost my job. I still have nightmares that someday I get found out and it somehow ruins my "brand" out here now. I'm even reluctant to post this for fear of someone figuring out who I am. But I think I need help with this or something. It's like the emotional equivalent of falling off a roof, then getting hit by a truck when I hit the ground, then the truck backs over me again, and then a bird shits on my head. I mean I don't even know how to quantify it. It's so bad it's almost funny. How do I heal? And how long will it take? When will I stop hating them? When will I stop hating myself? When will I be able to be with a guy again? Has anyone else been through anything similar?Thank you for your patience if you managed to follow this. <3
There's a tl;dr at the end since this is so long.I was formally diagnosed with PTSD in September 2015. I had thoughts for a long time that something wasn't quite right in my head, but couldn't see a counselor until college due to my family's view on doctors/mental health.After a handful of sessions with my counselor I was able to work through that I survived childhood sibling sexual abuse. It has been a difficult road admitting to myself and others that these events happened, but I've been doing exposure therapy and it's helping a ton.I also have realised that a big help in my journey is the cat that I've been raising over the last 10 months. Since I've been around her so long, she is very attuned to my emotions, and doesn't let me forget it. If I'm having a depressive episode, she will wander the apartment but come check on me periodically. She can tell if I'm upset and will let me cuddle her in a way that cats should not like to be cuddled (I squish her pretty hard).Most importantly, since I've had my kitty my nightmares/night terrors have all but vanished. She insists on sleeping with me at night, and the feeling of being wanted helps me to fall and stay asleep.Since I've not had my formal diagnosis or been working through my memories of the abuse for very long, I tend to become discouraged and have thoughts of "I'm not that bad off" or "things could be worse" when trying to explain myself to others. Most recently, this happened with a new landlord who refused to recognise my kitty as an emotional support animal (which my counselor agrees she is).Not sure if pictures are a thing in this subreddit, but here's an example of one of my kitty's favorite sleeping positions (http://i.imgur.com/63d2aSF.jpg)tl;dr I am still coming to grips with my ptsd; I would love any advise on how to validate my feelings to myself and others
I tried to google this but I'm honestly not well enough versed in science-speak that I could understand most results or even find an actual definition for this specific thing that I'm asking. So please help clarify for me whether or not the following is abuse:A brother (14 or 15 years old) and his younger brother (11 or 12 years old) have the house to themselves. The older one finds porn on the younger one's browsing history and then talks about it with him. The older one teaches him how to masturbate and orgasm, and masturbates in front of the younger one until he cums. The younger brother isn't super excited about it but the older brother eventually gets the younger brother to suck him off and then sucks off the younger one too - the older brother even tries anal on the younger brother but that doesn't amount to anything when the younger brother says it hurts. I don't know if it is sexual abuse when they are both children. Please help
I had a conversation with my new AA sponsor today, she's someone i've known for a couple years and I really trust her. She didn't know much about my story, so I shared some details of my life with her. I started by telling her that I didn't think it I was a victim of abuse, and she told me that maybe not now, but back then, I was. I can't bring myself to use that word: abuse. Maybe it's just a way of distancing myself from it, and not own what happened. I always had a weird relationship with my father. As soon as he approached, my first reaction was to hit him. He did some stuff that was weird, like showing me pornographic images, sharing details of his sex life, having an erection in front of us (my sister, me and my friend), showing his genitals to his friend's daughter, always wanting to see us naked, etc...  I don't know if I don't think I was abused or if I'm just afraid of the word. And I think of the people who really were abused, I feel like a fraud. Anyone else can relate? Maybe I'm just overthinking...
I have a history of abuse by extended members of the family in my childhood. But I am thinking about specifically my parents. I feel as if my parents were very emotionally constrictive. I have am easily frustrated -- I know that about myself. I know especially as a kid I had a lot of outbursts and a lot of anger issues. But my parents reactions would always be getting angry at me for being angry. If I showed any negative emotion I would get yelled at. If if we go out to lunch and I am not in a great mood for some reason, I get in trouble for ruining the experience for everyone else. My mom constantly told me that I "suck the fun out of everything" as in -- everything I did with her, I made it less fun. If I am sad I am not comforted, I am told to drop the attitude and be sad. My outbursts triggered my dad's outbursts and he would yell at me for being so negative.  The thing is, I have no idea if this is normal?? If this is just bad parenting or if it is abusive parenting?? Because I know there is a difference between just not handling situations great and being actively abusive, you know. I am also willing to except that I was just a moody kid and that's frustrating to deal with and that there was nothing wrong with my parents did. But to this day I feel incredibly reticent to express any emotions in my household. I actually work with children and we work a lot with helping kids deal with emotions. Helping them learn how to express their anger in safe ways, like saying "I'm REALLY ANGRY!" instead of mauling another child and if they are more inclined to just automatically launch into fist fight mode, help them use words to express their feelings and then help them calm down and solve what is making them mad. OR, if they seem to really just need to let it out, let them do their tantrum and scream and yell as long as they are not hurting anyone or anything. yelling at a child or getting angry at him for having some sort of outburst just seems... strange. frustrated, sure, I guess I get that. I guess maybe I get it right from my parents who both are short tempered. so maybe what they didn't wasn't abuse, but it was still harmful? I am not sure. Ultimately I think my parents were great, but this has always bothered me. TL;DR: I get in trouble for having emotions! Could this be classified as emotional abuse? 
Hello, I'm 513111311.I appreciate you for reading, I'd love another human beings input. Especially input I won't be able to find in my immediate surroundings.I grew up in Denmark with my 3 siblings, and my father.It was fun and games, trips to the park, traveling the world with my grandparents and being told all about the elder have all of what's cool; I was the middle child, and I was neglected. I had a 1½ years younger little brother to be the elder to, and I had a sister and a brother, respectively 3 and 5 years older.Sister would exploit and humiliate me, the elder brother would try to fool and beat me, while escaping consequenses by lying and manipulating. Sometimes it worked, and it was scary as shit; he was diagnosed with atypical infantile autism, as well as my sister. Needless to say, they got away with damned near everything, because it was easy to write it off to their diagnosis; week after week, it was all the same, yet it all revolved a slightly different way every time. Where's my advantage, and how am I at disadvantage(?); History is just going to repeat itself, if you don't learn from it.Manipulation, knowing how to lie as well as exploitation was a huge component in our lives; I knew right around every damned way I could turn a disadvantage in a person to my advantage, and every trick, as well as rule in the book before I turned 12; I was diagnosed with Pervasive Developmental Disorder - Not otherwise Specified(PDD-NOS) and an IQ of 174. I was by far the smartest, yet I'd get beat up, year after year, having my arms and legs pulled like a doll before I could talk, fighting from the day I could walk, and I ended up learning how to keep a year free of violence, as well as taught my little brother how we could keep the control over them. Needless to say, we were a team, and I led the assault every damned time; we'd just coorperate, and then they couldn't do anything, as well as portraying them. Which was fun! When I was 11, I was assaulted with a bat, more than once and developed amnesia. I know, at 11!I was just never the same, I could forget a person I just met, something I was just told, where I was, why I was there and how my day started out. I was already different, yet I was never, freaking ever the same. I wasn't the little kid anymore, I wasn't really anyone either. A pitch black hole inside my head, and blank; I just needed a mask, because there was no one when people came banging at my door. I was cold, cynical and rational, because what else, started hating people more than anything, and it was way worse than laughing at grandiose statements about the human being.My elder siblings moved out as well as the remainder right before I turned 12.I went to a Waldorf Steiner School from 1st to 7th grade, had a pair of bullies all the way, I lost them in 5th by exploding with anger and beating them up, threatening to kill them if they didn't get away from me; earned their respect over it, and when they turned 13 and I turned 13, they started coming back; teacher was still useles, it was all just fun and games to me; they tried getting themselves a good rep by making themselves shine and making me look bad, yet they never won in the end; You might have won the battle, but you'll never win the war. I never did my homework because the old man couldn't leave me to it; not that I hated doing it, I was simply reminded by it every damned day, which ruined the 'having to do things for yourself' thing.I ended up attracting the attention of a mentor, that I thought nothing of.I actually lied on the IQ test, and 'managed to' persuade the nurse to go with the one I intentionally did as bad as possible on; I was talented with language, music, sports and calculating in my head, I ended up being so good socially that I seemed to be friends with my bullies, even though it wasn't friendship, and they could get fooled as to think I was their friend; and he was told my IQ was 64. The entire board and school knew..Yet no one believed it!He made me get all my homework done when everyone else was going home, and I completed for several months in a couple of hours, and there wasn't really anything else that was left 3 months in; I slept at school and woke up in class without knowing I had slept there in the first place.Then he looked into my environment, as in how things were at home, and everything about how I grew up. He called it worrysome & said I needed therapy, not that I wanted it, yet I got it, no matter how invulentary it could be. He'd block my way out and force me to answer.He acted all paedo when he found out I actually had PDD-NOS, rather than Aspergers Syndrome. Because he had PDD. He admired me so much, that he would never let go of me; especially when I did Einstein's puzzle, and the class had a day about Einstein, in honor of me; he also tested machiavellianism, which said 67.I knew what he was up to, had known for months, and all of the sudden it rambled on top of him, and I was just pulling the last jenga away, which led him to the conclusion that I was a psychopath. Little did I knew, shit got serious, and I hurried to find the most pitiful target in the universe. A 9-year old autistic kid. Perfect for getting yourself expelled! Oh, little did I know.. I beat him up and scarred him for life, yet I wasn't expelled. Because it was my mentors kid..I was being torn apart for 8 months straight, as well as everything regarding my memory. He already made sure I'd be neglected, gave the bullies the upper hand and made sure I'd never do good socially. Especially humiliating me by convincing my entire class that I was making him play my dad, and he apparently always found excuses, and the principal translated personal notes, even if it was written in runes.There was no help at home, I needed an iota of help. Didn't get it.Tried to commit suicide the next year, by downing all the pills I could find, only to find I had help to survive; I was taken to a hospital, and my father proceeded to yell and scream me up, 5 days a week at 6AM; even more ferociously though. So, I was expelled in 7th and was moved to special ed, thanks to my mentor, he made sure I'd fit in, in special ed. I was bored, lacked challenge and I was disappointed by graduation; I lacked challenge, intellectual stimulation and suffered insomnia.I heard about this thing, where a large group of people wearing alternative clothes meet up, on a saturday at 12AM; I knew no one, and went there to look. My teacher told me about it, and I started hanging around said place, granted I started wearing boots at 13, as well as got myself a mohawk!I was welcome, someone said hi and introduced me, got some names and phone numbers, and kept in touch, and later on, I ended up meeting hundreds of people, smoking weed and drinking every 2 weeks at most, as I had 150$ a month in allowance and all. I did great in terms of social interaction; I was normal to them, and they were normal to me, even if most of us were freaks!I ended up getting ear rings, stretching them to 1/2" and some in my lip, as well as my eyebrow. customizing my shit, my alias tattooed on the inside of my lip and it was all fun, if you were competent! having those siblings paid off, big time!I kept in touch my my older brother a few times; granted that I had been doing E and a designer drug with him, amphetamine, as well as drinking and smoking weed; When I was 15, he ended up being brought back to childhood, and I had excellent social skills; We were high, and he braindamaged me again, only that time, it was unrepairable; Learned to cope with the damage he did at 11, as well as how all the psychological terror and verbal abuse for 8 months straight when I was 12-13I stopped when I turned 15, started isolating myself from the outside world, and that may have been my biggest mistake ever.I turned 16 when I 'graduated'in public school, went straight to a 'productionschool' that had a workshop, so I went straight there. I was required to make a suitcase, a wooden pipe and a knife. All of 'em turned out excellent, and they basically labeled me as a prodigy.I got a girlfriend 6 months later that was 20 at the time, met her when she was 19 and I was seriously happy about her, even though she was hung out as a paedophile on Reddit! I just laughed, held her tight and kissed her passionately, in a certain way to tease her. In that year, I had a breakdown; I smoked weed, and a lot of it, as well as staying up late as good as every night, just to talk to her; we sent each other links and talked about all kinds of things, and she was the first to let me know that we shared as good as every interest, and I ended up feeling as though she was my counterpart that I had been missing my entire life. I could finally let the world see who I was behind the face, or mask I had been showing everyone and everything. I felt safe, and I would never have let everyone see who I really am, if I didn't feel safe enough showing, and someone to be me with.It was the first time of my life I could actually be the real me, all the way on the inside was out, for the first time.Every single mask I made reflected who I was on the inside, yet I was a master of deception and being a best friend to someone in no time, yet I'd say, I wouldn't have went with that, if I was them.I had just been playing videogames and reading every once in a while, however we started this thing, and she did it in the first place; she'd sent me a link, say something about it or plain expect me to read it, and I did! It was always special to me, and.. I started being serious at home. About reading, that is. I've read thousands of articles, scientific, news or creepy pasta, history and memes. I never stopped.ndShe didn't really smoke weed, or just had a long break from it first time I smoked with her. I let her choose the amount with my weed, just to see how much she'd prefer to put in; she ended up smoking for 200-300$ a month, and stayed away whenever she needed me the most, canceled 2/3 of the time. I became mentally ill over it, and of course, because I didn't get enough sleep.I tried to commit suicide by breaking my ribs; left rib cage succeeded, but it was like a branch, and I finally got the guts for cutting up my wrist so bad I way lying in a pool of my own blood, and prevented myself from cutting a vein in my neck up by thinking about any and everything I'd love to stay alive for. I took science up as a religion, and I studied, as well as tried to patch things between me and her up. It failed, and she ended up giving herself to someone in no time, and she took 6 months about even meeting me, and I had her along with that. That pain, the first time I ever experienced love, yet she was number 30 something, and not the first time I started a serious relationship, and this one had to end like that. Ladies man, known as Smiley, the varieties of smiles I could give people, and how I could turn a contemptious and sadistic smile into a good thing; it was characteristic, knowing all about what's characteristic, and what defines a character.I ended up cutting her out my life, a year after saying yes to being hers. I still remember laughing her in the face because I thought she made a joke, and how she said I didn't have to, before proceeding to cuddle herself in to me.=I got a new girlfriend, yet I never let her in the same way. I couldn't let her in the same way.Nor could she, I guess. As far as I understood, I was the first guy to just see her for who she is, and try to love her for exactly that. Problem? She doesn't have any clear personality, and she knows, yet she might not know that I know though. We had been talking for a year, and to have me cut her out, and the past year I barely ever contacted her, yet she kept on texting. I let her think that she really had me this year, and guess what? She just wanted to get back on my for last year.Petty that I cut the woman that I used to think was the love of my life, out of my life just for not having anything to do with her. She was lying, refusing to spend time with me and drawing conclusions; accusing me of cheating on her. I look back and think I should never have cut her out, because of how well we used to fit.We ended up thinking all of it, whatever we saw in each other, whatever we were together for, why we thought of each other as special and irreplacable, as merely an illusion. Was it all just and illusion, or was it our memory that needed to be cherished? All I know is, I'd give my life to be back in time and change things, even though that'd be impossible. A guy like me requires to spend time in person, or else I, with my emotions, will get lost. I remember her, our first kiss, saying yes and how I'd always mimick the exact kiss, along with the way I held her when I accepted belonging to her.She meant the world to me, yet I felt like an accessory to her life & vice versa. I miss her, we even tried to commit suicide over each other. I miss the feeling, I was heartbroken, yet I felt the scarring fade to strength of heart between us. Like the biological mass in Sniper, from Romantically Apocalyptic.Oh well, I guess you could say that's it; yet I kept reading from when I wake up, to I go to bed, I read and play videogames.I've spent more than 125.000 hours on reading, and serious reading, that is, since I was 16.I guess I have the equivalent of a Bachelor's and Master's in some cases, yet I have nothing on paper, and I tried to cut my wrist up again earlier this year, so there's that.I don't know what I need, I know I need help. It's just that seeking therapy has been made impossible, and I'm stuck in a psychiatric hospital because my father framed me so hard that they don't say anything else but I'm sick and need my meds.Having told a doctor all about that, she said I'm a sociopath.
I have told a handful of friends about this as well as two different psychiatrists. One whom said she didn't want me to "open that can of worms". Back story - only child and didn't know mother until met her for one week before she disappeared again.It started when I was living at my grandparents house with my father. I was in 1st grade. Someone at my school said something about "sex" and I had no idea what that was. When I got home, I went into the den where my father was and asked him. I don't remember every detail, but he had shown me porn and asked me if I wanted to try what I saw. I did what he asked. I have foggy memories of him coming into my room while sleeping and performing things on me throughout my childhood. I have a few vivid memories of me waking up to his genitals in my face when he was drunk. His main saying that would manipulate me was that 'everything is okay as long as it doesn't hurt anyone'. 3rd grade I lived with my aunt for a year because my father went to jail for drinking and driving. (what I was told)When I got back for 4th grade, it all resumed. He would buy me tons of things and told me to "be good to him" to which he would make me do more sexual acts with him. Also around that time, he was not only drinking massively every day - he was also doing cocaine with random trashy bar girls. I was cleaning the house, making my lunches, and cooking dinner.Around 6th grade, I was out with another aunt, and I'm not sure why she told me these things.. so I don't remember how the conversation came about, but just what was said. She told me that my grandma was abusive towards them (my aunts, uncles, and father). They had to be silent and stand behind the couch when company was over. She had also attempted to murder them by closing all the windows in the house and releasing carbon-monoxide in the house. At some point, my father told me that my uncle tried to have sex with my aunts when they were young. Which, he did molest one of my aunts. He also told me that one of my cousins tried to have sex with him walking around in her towel. My father continued to molest me weekly. If I showed resistance, he would be really sad and give me the silent treatment. He would not talk to me for days. He always spoke about marrying me. When I reached around age 13, it became a thing to barter. If I ever asked him for some money to see a movie with my friends, I'd have to give him oral. He also continued to get drunk every night, come into my room when I was sleeping, and did as he pleased. I was starting to become majorly depressed at this point. I was failing all of my classes and considered suicide. Around age 15, I had skipped so much school that I ended up dropping out. I partially attempted suicide by taking quite a few headache pills at once. I confided in a friend. She told me that I was fine and that I was not serious since her other friend had a knife to her own throat when she wanted to suicide. At that point, I didn't really have anyone. I hardly slept. I had horrible sleep paralysis. I was afraid to sleep.On my 16th birthday, he bought me tons of alcohol. I drank it and played games with people I met through online gaming. When I inevitably blacked out from the liquor, I woke up with no clothes on with some ripped next to me.At 17, I moved in with my aunt that I was with in 3rd grade. I was so happy to be away and free. I moved in with her and her live-in boyfriend in their mobile home park. I slowly learned that my aunt was a drunk and took pills. She told me that having a bed was a luxury and got me an air mattress. Although I had to work for a dresser. Luckily I made friends quickly with some people in the neighborhood. One day, she was on the phone speaking to my father and saying how much of a whore I am. About 15 minutes went on and I realized she wasn't talking to anyone. I tried to leave and she pushed me down. I crawled out from below her as her boyfriend with sad eyes  looked at me trying to escape. He just sat on the couch. I was forced to go back with my father.Back with him, I worked 2 jobs to stay out of the house. If I was home, I buried myself in games. I had to unwillingly listen about his sexcapades with bondage and submissive. He got really bad with getting upset with me. If I didn't do anything with him through his manipulation, he forced his silent treatment. Walk around angrily thrashing about and telling me I need to move out. When I turned 18, I finally got to move out and live with my then boyfriend who saved me.Years go by and it took me awhile to disassociate sex with disgusting memories attached and create a new meaning for it. It took several years of healing before I felt normal and I didn't withdraw from people. At 22, my father, whom I thought had changed with how much he reached out to me, invited me to visit when he was somewhere for a business trip. I flew there to hang out because it was supposed to be a cool city with some history of supernatural things. When I arrived, I noticed there was only 1 bed in the room. My heart sank. Apparently some "issues" happened and that is what he got. We left and walked around the historical city and he drank. I didn't. I was talking to him and asking about schools. He said he couldn't hear me and we could talk when we were back to the hotel. When we got back, he went to shower with the door open. I sat on a chair away from the bed and buried my face in my phone. My heart was racing and I didn't know what to do. He came out of the shower and laid on the bed naked then asked me "if I was ready". I froze. My entire childhood came flooding back. Scared 6 yr old me wanted to cry and ball up. Tears were welling up and since he was drunk, I decided to pretend he was not there. He was getting impatient with me. After awhile, he put his clothes on, grunted angrily, said "fine" and left. I started bawling. I called a few friends and one of them picked up. I spoke for a bit before I got calm enough to make the move to leave. I called for a cab and went to the airport. When I got to the airport, it took a bit of fighting, but I ended up with a flight that would depart in 6 hours. My friend stayed up with me the whole time on the phone. I got home, and my father texted me "Where did you go? There was a good place for lunch here".... I responded "I thought you changed." and he responds a day later with,"Your friends changed you. There is nothing wrong and you think differently now."Then came on the depression I fought so hard against. I constantly questioned myself if I was wrong. I felt disgusting. I hated myself. Why didn't I tell anyone? Why was I so weak and pathetic? Could I ever love anyone? Why was I trying to hold onto him? He's not what family is. I always felt disgusted when I saw men with children. I couldn't help but see every interaction as attempted molestation. It took several years of talking, reading, writing while constantly contemplating if it was worth living feeling so broken. I've mended my heart as much as I can, but I still cannot feel closure. He tries to contact me every now and then. I changed my phone number and block his e-mails (which still come through). I've also changed my name legally to feel more control of my life and separate from him and his family. I feel that I am forever affected in ways where I have trouble keeping friendships. I can't decipher my feelings sometimes if what I'm feeling is romantic or just adoration. I don't ever want children - I couldn't see myself being stable enough to raise them without being paranoid.Right now, I live in a new place with a great job. Sometimes things will trigger me and I'll feel ill for awhile. Once in awhile, I'll have nightmares of him. 
Without going into too much detail, I was abused by a man and his wife when I was very, very young. I was old enough to form memories and have had PTSD from the experiences ever since. I am now middle aged, in therapy.I found out recently that the female died but the male is still alive. My therapist and some others think it would be a good idea to write him an anonymous letter and drop it in the mail letting him know that I remember what he did and the affect it has had on me. I have fears concerning doing this, but I want to do it. I also think that letting him know how his actions have affected my life won't matter because someone who would sexually abuse a little child doesn't care (especially decades later) about what their actions caused. To those who have written a letter, what happened in terms of how you felt afterwards? 
So background: my father was emotionally abusive towards myself and my mother for a large part of my childhood.  They'd get into near constant screaming / crying fights, acting with a level of immaturity that made me feel like I had to try and "fix" things between them (which I often tried to do).  My mother responded by sort of looking to me for comfort, and ended up treating me more like a friend than a child.  I recall her trying to come into my room and sleep  on my bed near me me at one point (I didn't let her), and being really scared and uncomfortable.  My mother also repeatedly told me throughout my childhood that people were not to be trusted, and emphasized the importance of family.I also dealt with a few anxiety / mental health issues in childhood.  My parents' response was a combination of saying that seeking medical help was extremely unsafe (and that professional help was unsafe because it would lead to medical help).  I think I recall mentioning CPS at one point in the house but them saying they would take me away and put me with people that would sexually abuse me.I repeatedly felt like it was a dangerous situation for me to stay at home because whenever I did an assortment of mental health issue would come out (depression and some worse stuff) so I'm out of the house, have made it very clear I will not live with them for an extended period.Given what's happened to me, I would say I was abused.  However, as I have stated, I've dealt with an assortment of mental health issues.  So I'm not sure if the reason I feel like this was abuse was them or me.  What complicates things is that the abusive behavior has come full stop, and our relationship has significantly improved.  I've voiced to them before some of the things that they did and although they didn't obviously take it well at first (I was told one of the things I listed above never happened when I brought it up), they seemed to have responded and are slowly getting better.  We have the relationship now I wish we'd had when I was younger.  And the fact that things have gotten better seems unusual to me, and makes me doubt anything wrong happened in the first place.At the moment we're on amicable terms, I visit, and things seem ~okay.  It's just made my feelings towards them all the messier.  Especially since my father is still emotionally abusive in private to my mother.  I want to help her out of her situation, but she can't financially support herself... it's a fucking mess on all counts.
Okay so growing up sucked. I'll cut to the chase and get to the real problem here. My step dad is and was a total creep. He's in prison right now supposedly for 8 years, all because of me. None of this feels real at all. I'm completely detached from anything it's surreal talking about it. When I was 15 I got a text on my phone from a random number with 5 or 6 pornographic cartoon pictures saying I had to recreate them and send them back by a certain time or else they were going to send a video of me having sex with some guy to my parents. Okay well my mom and step dad were PSYCHO to me so if anybody told me they were going to do something like that, I would do anything to keep it from happening to avoid the wrath of my parents. I told my step dad about it that night and told him I was really scared. He told me to just do it and that they would leave me alone, it would be okay. Well I did it. He was my only 'friend' I couldn't hangout with any friends, all numbers blocked on my cell besides him and my mom, trackers on everything... And my mom hated me so he was the only person I was really allowed to talk to or be around. Obviously it didn't stop, it wasn't okay, and they didn't leave me alone. It got worse, and worse and worse. More vulgar, more demanding, much much more terrifying and scary, so obscene. It started out as just pictures sent, then went to memory cards delivered (my stepdad would take memory cards and drop them off somewhere....yeah right can't believe I didn't realize it was a huge lie.), then added videos to the mix.. There was overall probably hundreds and hundreds of pictures and videos of me created throughout the six months or so that this went on. It was so scary. I thought I was being stalked, I was doing the nastiest things that I was definitely not comfortable with, I was acting like NOTHING was wrong. Nobody knew besides my step dad, and not a soul suspected a damn thing was even somewhat bothering me. It finally stopped because I cracked because I was on the verge of suicide and told my gma. A family meeting happened and my step dad told me I had to lie and say I made it up to cover my mistake of really sending shit to boys at school. I didn't do that. Anyways nothing really happened. I stayed at my gmas house a couple days and went right back to my mom. Couple years later I even found a small box of memory cards in their garage when I was moving and yeah, they were full of stuff of me. I showed my mom and she didn't do shit. Fast forward to when I'm 19, I file a police report. House gets searched, I get a call the day after my bday from the detective. What do you know. They found everything I said they would and more, my step dad is the suspect and it is so serious now. Fast forward two and a half more years (now)..... He just got sentenced to prison for 15 years, 3 felonies to do with child porn... Has to serve 8 or something like that.So now I never go in public. I work and go home and that's it. I go to target every once in a while but I try my hardest not to make eye contact. the only way I see my friends anymore is if they come over, but not for too long! My boyfriend thinks I'm absolutely perfect. I know he is perfect. For some reason I feel so detached and unplugged from life I can't really seem to make connections to anything. I'm just kind of here. My anxiety is off the charts, I have this weird sense of fear always weighing me down, I don't like to be touched, I have zero sex drive, I'm snappy, I'm scared all the time.... I'm at a loss. I want to be normal and feel normal and act normal...... Any feedback? I don't know if the thing my step dad did to me is really that serious and has the ability to affect me and my mental state and my life years later? I don't know what to really think about what's bothering me and how I'm feeling. I feel like something is actually wrong and at the same time I feel like I'm just being a bitch or dramatic or something like that. Blah.feel free to message me if you have any feedback.
[long read ahead]It has been a long journey for me. My life as a child was filled with emotional and verbal abuse. My parents used to lock me in my room as a kid, give me medicine to make me sleep and as I got older called me things like "obnoxious little shit" and "ungrateful little bastard". I always wanted to be a police officer as a kid, but my mother used to say "You'd never make it". Constantly belittled and battered emotionally I grew up in a house where my parents thought it was funny to suggest things like marrying my half niece and that relationships like that were healthy and probably better. This all made me a very confused kid. I dislocated my shoulder at age 3 or 4, somewhere in there... they said I "fell down the stairs", and then in my older years they joked saying that I said in stores: "daddy don't hit me again". I really have no recollection of the event but who's to say the same people that drugged me and locked me in my room didn't hit me and I fell down those stairs.The funny part is my mother was ultra religious, sent me to Catholic school, Church service every Sunday, made me be an altar boy and signed me up for Church functions. She was the best and most pious of the whole church, at least that's what she showed everyone else.I have half-siblings, from my mother's previous marriage, my father and her are a decade apart in age. Every time my half-siblings came over for Holidays, everything I did was wrong, and I wasn't being "a good role model", despite me doing the same things as I would if they weren't there.My parents never beat me, it was far worse. Every week they would yell at each other, yell at me. My mother took Prozac from my uncle thinking it would help her. My father would slam doors, throw things, burn out of the driveway and disappear for hours on end. My mother would scream that "we never go anywhere" and my father would say "Let's go, where do you want to go?" and then a fight would ensue because she wouldn't know where she wanted to go. I just sat by and witnessed this unhealthy relationship, soaking it all in.When I was old enough I finally stood in, never yelling in an argument later on but at first I tried screaming at them, but tried to be the calm voice and said, why don't you guys get a divorce, you seem really unhappy. I dreamed of killing them to silence the yelling, the fighting and the constant judgement and belittlement. Me telling them to get a divorce ended me up at a child therapist when it was THEM who had the problem.My mother has thrown things at my father, my siblings and has broken things over their backs. For the longest time I pretended that these tales didn't effect me. It killed me that the outside world thought that they were great parents, but I saw evil. My father lost his father young, his mother put him in a home with his siblings, he was passive and sought a structured environment where a woman would control him, a motherly presence, I assume that is why he married my mother.At some point I got involved with electronics, building computers, a place where I could get away from them, play video games, go online. I explored a world that they hated. They had forced me to break up with a girlfriend because they heard we had done "some stuff". At one point I thought of just saying I was gay to make them more upset because of her religious nature. I even thought of cross dressing. They never talked to me about sex they just said it wasn't the time and ignored it as an issue. Pornography was bad, "we don't need that" is what my father told me. I continued to just play video games, teach myself programming and go to school and pretend I wasn't a hollow empty carcass of a human. I was a class clown, a comedian, they say that comedians are the ones that suffer the most, I agree.One of my half-relatives and I had similar experiences with family, we got close... maybe too close, but after all my parents said incest was okay at least that's how it seemed to someone of my impressionable age. We were extremely young, we knew no better, we thought it was normal as far as our family was concerned. After all, who lets a child under the age of 12 watch silence of the lambs, you could guess how messed up that was for me.Continuing on my mother would make fun of my siblings choices in wives or husbands, talking behind their back poking fun at them while her herself was married multiple times. Calling some of them fat, lazy, worthless. she even attacked one of their exes with Scissors. At some point I bought into this habitual belittling as normal and took part in it, but it made me feel shitty, and in my teens I got to the point where I HATED two-faced people, including my mother.All of my friends loved them, they let them get away with everything at our house, they were the "cool" parents to them. Meanwhile only a few knew the truth. Including my future wife, the one they made me break up with back when. We were that "perfect" upper middle class family, two cars, house, boat, gokart, toys, etc. My parents tried to buy love with material things. This led me to never hold onto anything in my adult life, if it sits for 6 months I sell it, trade it, or get rid of it.They gave me everything I wanted, and everything I didn't want.Getting towards sophomore in high school and college age I realize what codeine, hydrocodone was, my father had a lot of it and it was accessible. I took it, I sold it, and swallowed it, to kill whatever I was feeling inside of me. My mother had depression meds she took from other relatives and I tried popping those too. I was that kid in school that knew everyone, everyone got a long with me, I bought, sold, traded and procured things for people both illegal and legal. I assume to by the affection of others since I was getting much at home. My parents never said they loved me until the time I estranged (yeah I'm using it as a verb) them (read later). I would smoke behind their backs because I knew somehow it would "hurt" them if they knew but it only really hurt me. It was self defeating. I never did hard drugs and despite them thinking I was a man-whore with double digit girlfriends in my high school years I never had real "sex", after all I didn't really know what the hell it was, other than from online... we all know how good those references are... :)I went to college, I did well, better than I did in highschool, graduated high honors, 3.9 GPA. Because I wasn't home, I cared more and I had supportive people around me. My girlfriend of the time, the same one they made me break up with a long time ago and I were dating, I would drive 5 hours home just to see her and tolerate my parents. Most of the time we'd spend time at her parents house when I was home and I would work as well to make some cash. My parents would flip me $100 every weekend I'd come home, again trying to buy my love even thought I never asked for it.My girlfriend was awesome, she and I met years ago, she put up with me a lot. She stuck with me through thick and thin. We stayed together from a distance while I was in college for four years. Then it was back home for me. The verbal and emotional assault began again, this time they brought my long-time girlfriend into it. I had a good paying job, not quite enough to support rent on my own and my girlfriend was still trying to figure out if she wanted college or career. I supported her either way and we stayed living from our parent's houses for a while.Mother dearest would break down, cry and yell that we didn't help around the house, but understand that when we did clean up, and I mean clean the whole god damn house we got no sign of appreciation and she would just re-clean it. Finally my girlfriend and I gave up. My father talked with me and my girlfriend a few times about contributing. I offered to pay rent, they didn't want it, I offered to pay the bills, they didn't want that. THEY wanted to hold the guilt over our heads and use it as a control mechanism.I spent three or so years living at our parents houses, back and forth. My mother would have breakdowns when we didn't want to go to dinner with them, they had no acknowledgement of boundaries and never would have thought that we wanted to be on our own. I tried to go buy my own car, my parents wanted me to continue using theirs, again it's a control point.Later my girlfriend and I got engaged, it wasn't fancy, we're not like that, we're simple, but I did get an awesome ring! My mother wanted a church wedding, we are not religious. We set a date at the court house, with a justice of the peace and invited only immediate family which included my parents, my future wife's grandmother and parents. My mother would have rather I burned down a church and a school with people and children in side. She gave faces the whole time, never acknowledge that she was happy for us. Then the bomb shell hits... I was fixing their computer because I did that for them. They have their e-mail open... interesting...I start reading, my mother had sent an e-mail to a close friend of hers hoping that we got a divorce, hoping that my future wife would have a miscarriage if we got pregnant, saying she was fat, saying that I was thinking only with my dick. Praying that I would "wisen up and leave her". I showed my future wife, we were both appalled. Afterall my future wife and I had known each other for 12 years by that time and dated for probably half that time. I think we knew each other enough to get married... And this is a religious woman who is praying that she have a miscarriage, how pious are we... She never knew that my gf/fiance and I were smart enough to not have a child and had a couple accidents and went to the hospital like we should, regardless of your personal beliefs it wasn't an abortion it was "Plan B", before it was OTC.Needless to say a few weeks passed, there was definitely some tension and we spent more and more time at my fiance's parent's house. There was an argument one day and I printed out that e-mail that I had saved and dropped it on the counter and left. She had no words for once, and I didn't say a word.Shortly thereafter my fiance and I got married at the courthouse, got our own apartment and moved out. Then the clinging started. My mother seemed to miss us and wanted to have dinner with us every night, she had severe boundary issues. But every time we went out you could tell that she was biting her tongue. She was bitter, still wanted to give us money and I turned it down, I'm not buying into this control mechanism like my siblings did.My anxiety and depression had peaked, after living with my mother and father. I blame my father for not standing up to her, and the blame is rightfully placed. I tried medication, etc. But the fact was the cause of the issue was still there. I got promoted a lot at work, started making butt loads of cash, went through several cars. My wife and I only spent 7 months in the rental and we bought a house. My mother hated it, it was too simple for her, too far away. We bought one close to my wife's parent's house on purpose, not theirs.At this point my parents moved out of state, about 3 or 4 hours away, my mother expected us to just keep traveling every weekend to go see them. Not happening. My wife and I are starting to live a peaceful life. We saw them once at that house and we left early because we could. Fuck that :)The fateful day, my parents were travelling out to see us for once, they were bringing steaks for dinner. It was mid-morning, my wife and I were sitting down to eat an early lunch because we had food coming for dinner. My parents show up at probably 10AM or so. My mother sees that we're eating, something like english muffin pizzas or something. She goes apeshit, starts throwing out those ungrateful terms, crying, going on and on and on. My father has a look of disappointment on his face towards me. She's balling saying "We were bringing you dinner!". I told her, dinner is not at 10AM, even if we ate at 2PM fine, we'd be hungry then. She kept crying, she starts yelling at my wife, in OUR HOUSE. My wife just leaves and goes to the bathroom, she's still yelling at her through the bathroom door. I tell my father that "I think you guys should leave". He rounds up my mother and they leave. That day marked a day that a boundary was finally set, I did not talk to my parents for almost 3 years after that, I acknowledge nothing about them and it felt great.Fast forward those few years. One of my nieces decides to hit me up on Facebook, we talk and she says my parents miss me and my wife. So we start talking again, as if it was almost that easy. I explain to them that they never knew anything about me and my parents just want to forgive and forget. Fine, sure, we'll try this...The years progressed, we kept talking about every week playing alternating phone calls and mailed Christmas cards. My parents never remembered my birthday, would send cards late. All is "good". There was one point where they moved again, down south in the US.We agree to meet them in a rental condo down south on the beach, it's not anyone's home territory so it's neutral for the most part. We generally get a long, my mother still has that look like she's biting her tongue. The trip was awkward. We had a flight out and it got cancelled because of a hurricane but I still got a rental car and drove 15 hours to get home just so I didn't have to stay there. I drove 14 hours straight to get away that's how determined.After this another year or so passes, we travel down to visit with them. Trying to visit them on home territory. The trip was anxiety ridden, we drove my truck, it was brand new. Immediate response from my mother, "Why do you need that thing?". Whatever shut up. At this point my mother is pretty old, can't walk very far without a asthma attack, they want to travel to a place that you pretty much walk up hill all day. Whatever, maybe I'll get my pre-teen wish. Again I sneak back into my old habits, my dad has more pills than a hospital and never takes them, whatever, I will, just to put up with this mess. At this point my wife and I lost about 160 pounds between us, let's see my mother call us fat now..."Oh, you look good", yeah thanks. She tells us she's working at a church, says it's filled with "mexis".... okay... then proceeds to tell us they're dirty people. Okay, what part in religion tells you to judge people? I'm not religious, just saying...At this point she's still a bit hurt and pretending to be nice because we established that few years of not talking as a boundary that I wouldn't put up with her shit. We have a rather easy experience, luckily another niece of mine stops in on her way through the state and hangs out. Otherwise I'd be stuck with them.We tend not to drive with them because my father has a road rage issue, like grab the steering wheel, honk the horn for the driver type road range. Open up that window flip the bird, throw shit and yell kinda road rage... I'm guessing because he doesn't have the balls to stand up to my mother. At this point in their life they've become paranoid, buying guns like crazy, they lock their house like Fort Knox at night, alarms out the ass. How many enemies can you have?More awkward conversation ensues, and we leave. GONE, GTFO! In my big ass truck like a boss. My wife and I obviously recap and are thankful they don't live closer. My anxiety and depression is creeping up again just from that trip. Time to get some more pills. Did I mention that ever since I was a kid I had horrible headaches, I wonder why?My wife and I never argue, we know our boundaries. If I get mad I step away because nothing I say will help the situation because I was raised to think slamming and yelling was good. So I try not to do that, I hate it. I'll leave the house and yell at some inanimate object, destroy something that doesn't have value like a board or something.The phone calls, etc continue.Now the fun starts again. My wife and I try to get pregnant. My mother got her fucking wish, we find out that my wife and I can't have children. I call her to tell her, silence on the phone. She says she'll pray for us. Yeah thanks bitch. We were given a less than 5% chance of having a child. Depression sets in deeper with me and my wife, feeling pretty dark now because I've never been taught how to deal with my anger. I go to alcohol, pills, wherever I can get them, doesn't matter. My wife, god bless her (If I was religious) helped me and herself through a dark time and carried me through the worst. I'm not a mean drunk anyway which is good, I just get happy, then pass out. Kudos to my wife for dealing with it because her Father was a raging alcoholic, mine was a phase. I'm talking such a small chance of getting pregnant even the insurance company wouldn't cover IVF.Press the fast forward again another year or so of actively trying to get pregnant. My wife feels hella sick. She takes a test and holy shit we got fucking pregnant (well she got pregnant). All that depression when we found out that we couldn't have children brought back strange feelings then I start replaying all the emotional and verbal abuse as a child and SWEAR that I'm not doing that to my child.I tell my parents obviously, we're still kind of talking, maybe every couple weeks now. I say work's busy, crazy busy it's hard for me to call. Sure... meanwhile I'm hanging out with my in-laws, doing handyman work, fixing stuff for them and hanging out with them because they always said they were my mom and dad. My mother only says "My prayers were answered". Yeah... you mean your guilt was answered, maybe you'll get into the pearly gates now.9 months later, a crazy 9 months because it wasn't an easy pregnancy for my wife. She was a trooper though. Popping out the kid my parents won't stop fucking calling at the hospital. "What's going on!?" "Did she have the baby yet!?", umm I said we would call you. Stop trying to control the situation, you can't push it any faster. Meanwhile my wife's parents are pretty chill, just texting status. At this point we were in the hospital for a week, I slept on a shitty cot to stay with my wife at night and my in-laws watched our zoo at home. I wasn't in the mood to deal with assholes like my parents.Baby comes out, she's beautiful, we all cried. If at any point I thought I was blessed, it was then. I cried like someone cutting 10,000 onions. But my depression came back, from the abuse as a child, all I kept replaying was what happened with my parents at home, everything. Swearing again to not do it to my child.My parents push the issue, they want to fly out to visit, we agree about a month after delivery. They show up, and it's AWKWARD. My mother doesn't let go of the kid. She bitches about how far out in the country we live. She bitches about our dogs, our parrots, everything. My father tries to be cordial, he's just along for the ride for the most part. We drive around, my wife and I by now have a good damn system down with the baby. My mother ruins that shit. She demands things be done another way when it really doesn't work. Trying to shove a pacifier into our baby's mouth, shoving a bottle in there. Swearing that she's teething even though she's only a few weeks old. General stupidity. We went shopping, her and I exchange some words because I told them to stay at a specific spot because I had to go buy bottles and I walked back there to find out they had gone back to the car a mile away. With my father in tow who cannot breathe well, I'm like "Why did you move?". I mistakenly get angry at my wife, but later tell her that I was only angry that she gave in to my mother, she said it was to avoid another argument. I apologized a bit. I should have known other shit was going on.We go to dinner a few times, I go to the bathroom I come back and the table is awkwardly quiet. Come to find out later my mother was belittling me TO MY WIFE. My wife is hilarious and looks over at our daughter and gives a look to my mother, a look like "If you keep it up, you'll never see her again". My father tells my mother basically to "chill".During this visit, it was a week, we went to visit family. Since my mother has expressed hatred to my one sibling's side of the family and does not talk to half of them because they do not want to talk to her. She wants my wife to pretend to have a headache so we can just go home. I found out later that they all went out to Dinner because it was my sibling's birthday, how fucked up is that? A mother not wanting to go to her kid's birthday.I'm at my wits end, I've really had enough and go to the doctor, two doctors. They give me pills because by now I'm good at manipulating. I finally cave with the help of my wife and admit depression again. At least this time their depression meds and not codeine or barbiturates. The whole experience has me thinking again, things were a lot quieter when we weren't talking, those thoughts and memories escaped me, they didn't exist when my parents and I weren't talking. But this time, I'm going big or going home, not just a "you need to leave my house".Oh Facebook, how art thou? Before this happens, and now we're at Christmas time this year. I had a large blanket made, with four photos of our newborn on it, with her name, DOB on it, etc. It was nice, and expensive. I was so sick of being mad, mad at myself for my problems of the past, mad at them it was over, I'm truly done. I was taking out my frustration and anger towards my parents on my own family, not in an abusive form but ignoring them, isolating myself, sinking deep into depression, seeing how many pills I could take kind of hole.I sent them the blanket. And then I get on Facebook, I have family, and family's relatives on their, their girlfriends, wives, church goers, this includes my mother and her friends. I write a tirade of poignant prose calling out everything she's said to each individual person behind their back, what she's done, that she's prayed for my wife to have a miscarriage, that she hates one side of the family but won't tell them. That she's called family members "the devil", all of the wrongdoings that she's done through the years, in one Facebook post.Ending it with "Enjoy your Christmas present, because it is the last time you will ever see your Granddaughter". They did send us presents, most of them I used for batting practice, others I set on fire because the only way to deal with evil is to burn it. Besides, they never knew what I liked or had interests in anyway, they never cared to ask or try to understand. In hindsight all the parenting books they had squirrelled away at home, they should have read some of them.I've sought closure and found it before, I should have left it that way. I've done a lot of reading on the subject and sometimes all you can do is walk away.Since this time I've had phone calls from my father, he's called me at work, early in the morning, late at night. Multiple times and tried calling my wife. The disrespect continues especially that they know we have a newborn at home who is sleeping. We have since blocked their number and I have moved on.I hope to stop my anti-depressants after this closure, we shall see how it goes over the next month. Have deleted my Facebook account but have not cut off ties with the family that never hated me.The warning to all parents is: you should understand your children no matter how much they don't want you to. Talk to them as equals, treat them with respect, do not say things in jest. I am 30+ years old and still feeling the effects of what my parents have said and done to me as a child. It lasts a lifetime.I cannot thank my wife enough for staying with me, as a friend, girlfriend, fiance and wife through the almost 20 years we've known each other. I hope my story, albeit filled with grammatical nightmares and probably misspellings will bring hope to someone. There is always an end, despite me thinking suicide was one I understood it was "the easy way out", and I've grown much more by learning about what I've been through, talking about it and dealing with it appropriately even if that means not talking to family members ever again.I am awesome at work and have achieved more than my parents have ever achieved in their lifetime. The only thing they gave me was the drive to not be them.
I'll keep this short. I live in a country where child abuse is common, scarcely reported, and almost never treated. My girlfriend is a survivor of childhood sex abuse and like most, has come out of it with a warped view of sex. In her case, she doesn't really have a sex drive except on some occasions when drunk (which is why I don't think she's simply asexual )and she's told me that that's the only time she can enjoy it. She's not opposed to it if I want it, but she seems to feel it's more a chore to please me than anything. Now, I want to have an actual sex life with her because sex to me is a big part of being with someone I love, but she's not at a point where she wants to talk about the effects that her past experiences have had on her. She doesn't even particularly like speaking about sex directly (though she makes sex jokes with friends all the time. Another indication to me that she's not just asexual )so at this point conversation is out the window. My question to all of you is, from your perspective as survivors who can identify with her , what can I as her boyfriend do to help her begin to see sex in a different light? I love this girl to death and I want the best for her and for us as a couple, and I'd really like there to come a day where we can enjoy intimacy together, so I want to start helping her as much as I can even if she's not ready to face things head on yet. Do any of you have any anecdotes about what might have helped start your healing process? Particularly things that so 's have done to help you see sex as a loving experience?
I think I was moderately emotionally abused by mother (3 stars out of 6 based on this paper scale: http://ajp.psychiatryonline.org/doi/pdf/10.1176/appi.ajp.158.7.1027) yet I think I've never recovered. I was always being yelled at, always scared and punished randomly. My parents never looked like they loved each other even though I think they were all the time. My mother had an abusive father and she distrusted every male person, and generally ruled the place.My problem now is that I don't seem to be able to get in a relationship at all. I'm really used to submission and being with someone, in my ideal view, is more like drowning in someone else's personality, not like interacting.When a girl is interested in me, I play the game decently but will skip the last mile.If there is a situtation that could lead to laying in bed with a woman I try to make everything fail. If we do get in bed together, I don't erect regardless of how much I'd like to hit her.I'd like to recover. I've solved the "low-confidence" problem but still don't get the "interacting" part. It doesn't help that I also was an outcast for my entire childhood in my hometown, and had very low social status, and trust almost noone, something I should mention. :)What would you do to break the pattern?
(CONTENT WARNING: This survey asks you to recall events that may evoke distress.)[Survey Link Here!](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1V-8DtyDuR053bDTJ4HpzBuv4vvbnwiXbwEWzUnvrTDI/viewform?usp=send_form)Good afternoon, folks. I’m Blake Flournoy, one of the founders of a student sex ed/activism organization at Goucher College called S.E.P.I.A  (Sexual Education, Positivity, Inclusivity, & Activism), and I could use some help from you all.I’m writing a novel called *Bats & Batters!*, coming out in February. It’s a young adult thriller in a modern fantasy setting, but it’s more than that - **it’s also going to be a resource on relationship abuse/violence aimed at high school and college students.** I’m doing plenty of research for it, but I want to get input from people who’ve experienced relationship abuse firsthand. Here’s where you guys come in - there’s rewards in it for you, too!The link at the top this post takes you to [a Google Survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1V-8DtyDuR053bDTJ4HpzBuv4vvbnwiXbwEWzUnvrTDI/viewform?usp=send_form). It’s a pretty easy, simple affair - should only take ten to twenty minutes to fill it out simply (though I encourage elaboration!). If you could fill it out - *or better still, fill it out and share it!* - I’d appreciate it like you wouldn’t believe.Now, unfortunately, because of Broke College Student Reasons, I can’t pay participants in cash, like I wish I could (though, hey, if you happen to know a loaded philanthropist or something, email me?). It’s hard to get grants to fund this sort of project or research endeavor, since I don’t think anyone’s pursued a project like this before? **But I can pay you with book copies!**If you complete the (**ENTIRELY CONFIDENTIAL**) survey, and enter your email, *or* if you email me at **blakeflournoy@gmail.com** *with proof that you shared this*, I’ll send you a FREE digital copy of *Bats & Batters!* before its official release date, as a heartfelt thanks. I can even put your name down in the book on a list of contributors, if you’d like.(Sharing doesn’t have to be through Reddit! Send it around to people you know on Facebook, Twitter, litterally anything. Throw a link to the survey with a copy of this post up on Tumblr, if you’d like. The more eyes see this, the better it’ll be.)Thank you so, so much for taking the time to read this, and for helping out if you’re so inclined! I want to make this novel as useful as possible, and I can’t do it without your kindness.With all the hope in my heart, ~Blake Flournoy ★>Want to get in touch? Email me at **blakeflournoy@gmail.com**>>Want to keep up with B&B! news? [Follow the (still-in-development) blog!](http://batsandbatters.tumblr.com)>>You can also contact me here: [Tumblr Ask](http://blakelocked.tumblr.com/ask/) — [Twitter](http://www.twitter.com/BlakeLocked)
So, I made a reddit to post this on here to be quite honest, I guess I just needed to vent. So here's my story I guess.My mom and dad got divorced when I was little (As in when I was an infant) and since then up until the age of seven I would go back and forth between my mom's house and my aunt ruby's (nickname) house (My Dad couldn't hold a job because of disabilities).  The memories from back then are spotty mainly because I've tried to block them out, but also it WAS quite awhile ago so sorry if this isn't a chronological train of events. One of the main memories that I have of there is from when everyone went out to get Christmas supplies (I wasn't supposed to be left alone with him) and he was left to watch me and my younger cousin which for safety reasons I'll be calling Tammy. Me and Tammy were around the same age so we were ok with being left alone to play for such a long time, especially because my dad would let us get away with a lot. But at one point he decided we had to take a bath. He held our hands and led us into the bathtub. I was really uncomfortable with this because only my mom had seen me naked and I told him that but all he said is "Well i've seen you naked before, it's no big deal right?" In my young mind this was enough justification to get a bath. He lifted me and my cousin into the tub (Tammy and I were very short for our age and the tub was VERY big, even for a master bath) and filled it to barely around our ankles. I asked why we couldn't have more water and Tammy started crying. I guess she got it worse than I did. Here's where it gets foggy. He came over and started touching her, putting his hands on her chest and pinching her nipples. He told me to watch and got upset if I tried to turn around, saying "Don't you want to see the show? Don't be rude." and things of the sort. He pushed his finger inside her and she cried more. I can't remember when he started on me but he did right after that. He didn't push into me, he just rubbed. It was bad though, and I was so raw after that I was bleeding and my mom (when I went home) was worried I had an infection or took medicine i was allergic to or something. He had dirty fingernails which later resulted in an infection and a very large scar I still have to this day stretching from (vaguely graphic) A cm right of my clitoris to where the hair stops growing. It's jagged and ugly and obviously a reminder of horrible stuff. Another thing I remember is the blue milk. My dad suffered from insomnia and had blue pills to help him sleep, but I always remember him staying awake for days on end. A bit of backstory, I had horrible nightmares when I was at home to the point of me waking up screaming so much I'd make myself hoarse. I never, never had them at aunt ruby's house. Every night before bed my dad would give me and my cousin a glass of milk that was tinted blue to 'help us sleep.' We slept in a bunk bed so we'd fall asleep making jokes about how we were pushed off to bed so early, around 7pm. We always tried to stay awake but every time we would fall asleep. We always slept until around noon or later. I remember when It was really late my dad would come and wake us up and I'd almost always fall back asleep, but one night I remember him talking to Tammy for a long time, then her crying. Another night I remember decking him in the face so hard he got a black eye (props to 5 year old me). I would wake up sore every day and it hurt to pee.If you're gonna ask if I spoke up about this, I did. Statute of limitations and a less than talkative cousin is shit. So yeah. That's my story. Thanks for reading.
**Hello! Just wanted to preface by saying I'm very sorry if this is the wrong subreddit for this post... Just looking for answers.**My boyfriend and I have been together for two and a half years, and I thought I knew everything about him. We are best friends and he is a very well-adjusted adult, minus a few quirks. I knew he was different because he had a troubled childhood, and I took it all in stride. He grew up with nothing, and no real parental guidance.He also mentioned in passing many times that a family member of his was a child molester and had gone to prison (who is now deceased). I asked him right away the first time this came up whether anything had happened to him, and he said no so I took his word at face value. We moved on, and that aspect of the subject never came up again. I feel like an idiot now for putting the possibility of past abuse out of my brain.The holidays were very hard on him this year and I couldn't figure out why. I asked and he said his whole family knows what happened to him as a child and he worries constantly that they see him differently because of it. I had no idea what he meant! He had just assumed I had put the pieces together and knew everything, but he had to spell it out for me yesterday: He was the child his family member had molested. Frequently, for a year, at age 12 (and once at age 9), while living with the family member because his mom couldn't support him at the time.I felt like I was hit by a truck the second it finally set in. I couldn't breathe, and I imagined the pain he'd gone through. He said he believes it affects him every day and has changed who he is as a person. I can't imagine that kind of resentment.I guess my only question is... what now? I love him and this doesn't change the way I see him, but he said he prefers to never ever talk about it and I have so many unanswered questions. I can't stop crying. Every time I look at him my heart aches. I want to help somehow and to be a support system for him, especially around his extended family during the holidays.Most of all I just needed to tell someone how I'm feeling, but of course I will never tell anyone in our day to day lives. I can't talk to my closest friends about this emotional rollercoaster and the solitude of it all is driving me crazy.How can I show him love and support, and help him while not dragging his mind back to that traumatic time?If anyone has any general advice at all I will gladly listen and hear it out. I'm sorry this isn't very organized and doesn't have a direct purpose... I just needed to let it out to someone.
tl;dr: Husband became abusive following a medication switch while treating his bipolar disorder. Expresses remorse and desire to stop being abusive. I'm exhausted.Where to begin...My husband was diagnosed with bipolar disorder early this year. He's actively seeking help and trying to find the right medications to stabilize him - nothing has worked right so far. A few months ago, he lost control completely whilst manic and physically abused me for the first time ever. Since then, when he's in a manic state he's been losing control more and more frequently, physically hurt me a few more times, threatened to hurt me again if I do/say something wrong, being physically intimidating and cornering me, etc. This... this isn't my husband. This isn't something I ever imagined he could be capable of. When he finally cools down and his mood falls back into 'normal' or 'depressed', he expresses remorse, asks for forgiveness, promises never to do it again, and acknowledges that his treatment for bipolar is going very, very wrong. He says that when he becomes manic, he feels like he himself is trapped in a cage, and the mania takes over his mind and body. We've told the doctors all of this and they keep trying to treat him for depression rather than understanding that his treatment is antagonizing his mania, which in turn antagonizes his irritability and violence. It's so frustrating to know that my husband is really trying to get help with this and that he wants to not be abusive, but the doctors just keep dismissing his irritability, anger, and violence and focusing on the depressive side of bipolar. In the meantime I feel like there's nothing that I can do except for try my best to stay out of his way, be constantly on edge and on the lookout for signs of a manic upswing, and to have to deal with the threats and abuse, and wait to see if this new treatment will work. Following this last particularly bad episode, we FINALLY got him on an anti-psychotic and off of all antidepressants. Three days in, he seems to finally be stabilizing out of his mixed episode, but we'll see. This still isn't the right medication for him because of adverse side effects, but I have my fingers crossed that we may have finally taken a step in the right direction. The abuse NEVER happened before he started seeking treatment so it's quite likely that he lost control like this because of the mood-altering medications.I love my husband. I'm here for him through thick and thin. I recently opened up to his parents about everything that's going on and asked for their support in getting my husband better treatment; they don't really get it, and they kind of question why I'm making a big issue over nothing and why I don't just leave. Just like I wouldn't leave if he was battling a physical health issue, I won't leave him for a mental health issue. It's tough to stay strong through all of this.I've done my best to develop 'safe strategies' in case he loses control again. Make sure I don't get trapped in a room with only one exit. Stay out of the kitchen. Stay clothed. Keep a phone fully charged and in my pocket at all times. Have emergency money easily accessible. Call his sister or parents if necessary or if I need a place to sleep outside of our apartment (we live closer to his family). I'm still afraid. I'm still exhausted. I just want our lives to go back to normal and relaxed again.I guess, has anyone been through something like this before? How do I find peace of mind and stay strong? How do I make sure to take care of myself?
Yesterday evening my son punched me, pretended like he was going to bite my face, spit at me, screamed curse words. My body is sore where he hit me.I have in the past defended myself when he gets into rage mode but my therapist told me this week it is not acceptable, because it could be seen as "fighting". So I let him punch me, throw me to the floor etc. I told him if he didn't stop I was going to call 911. My wife told me if I called the police she would never speak to me again. I didn't end up calling the police.My son has been abusive and violent towards me since at least age 9, but I think it began earlier than that. I've never figured out how to get him to stop. He'll be 21 this coming week.My wife keeps trying to say that I am doing something to instigate the abuse. In fact, I have tried very hard not to trigger his verbal abuse and violence. It started the day after he came home, Monday evening, when he told me to "shut up" in my own kitchen. I did not respond. When I told my therapist about this on Tuesday he told me that it is unacceptable to allow him to be abusive in my own house.He starts his abuse when he doesn't get his way. For example, if someone wants to watch a different movie, cook something different for dinner, turn the thermostat down or listen to a different radio station. He takes everything as a personal challenge to his status - for example was unwilling to sit in the back seat of a car on trips etc. when he lived with us. He always had to sit in the front, choose the music, decide how fast the car should drive etc.He is headed back to his apartment in his college town, driven by my wife (he doesn't have a driver's license). He told me yesterday that he is never going to speak to me again.The explosive anger episode happened because my daughter / his sister dumped out some dry grits that she thought she saw insects in. He had decided there were no insects. He took her food from the freezer and dumped it in the trash (we are on a budget and cannot afford to waste money like that). I told him that was not acceptable. Then he began verbal abuse, came towards me, cursing and spitting and then hitting. Also threw bananas and a pomagranite on the floor creating a huge mess that he expects other people to clean up (and my wife did so). I ended up leaving the house on two occasions last night, only coming home for good when my wife told me he was in bed asleep.He claims that it's all my fault, that I am the only person he blows up at. Not true. Although I have never seen him treat anyone as badly as he treats me, he has hit his mom before, and hurt his sister when they were both younger (once, threw a gardening trowel in the air that fell down on his sister's head and caused a scar on her scalp under the hair, once cut her lip with scissors that had to be stitched in the ER, fortunately no scar).Sorry, I know this is kind of disorganized.I love my son very much. He does not act like this at college. He is a top-notch student on track to be a professor someday in a STEM field. I want the best for him. I don't know why he is so abusive to me, and I don't think it's my fault. I was not a perfect parent but I was not abusive to my wife or my kids.Thank you for listening.
It's been six years from the time I left my abuser. I've come a long way but I feel very distinctly like I never really came back from it. I've been in therapy for years and on my own I'm a pretty happy person. I've done a lot and in a lot of ways I have enough confidence but my relationships have suffered hugely. I fear men. I feel very disconnected romantically even though I've had a couple pretty positive relationships since. I can't ever trust them though. I am derisive and suspicious to the point of absurdity. I question the motives of any guy who wants to get close to me. I am terrified and completely disenchanted with romantic gestures and overtures. I want so much to have that easy feeling of falling in love with someone but I talk myself out of relationships and I've been called emotionally unavailable. I feel emotionally unavailable. Therapy has been largely positive and I've had some great professionals work very hard with me. I want to get better and I really try and I really embrace positive change bit there's this dark streak in me that never lifts. Even when I tell a man about my past and he's supportive I can never let it go. I'm so exhausted of this. I am afraid that any relationship is going to fail so I sabotage them by second guessing them constantly and shut down emotionally and eventually leave because I can't seem to ever really love anyone anymore. Not anyone. I'm at the end of my rope. All I see is my own cesspit of distrust and suspicion of betrayal when someone tells me they love me. I know this sounds dark but I'm desperate to hear from someone who can relate and especially those who have overcome this. Is this common? Please tell me your story or give me some encouragement I don't want to live like this anymore Im so exhausted of it...
I am by no means saying my situation was bad, but a year ago I entered a relationship, and my partner had an idea of me in his head, and when I didn't fulfill that fantasy he manipulated me. I do not think by any means he realized he was doing it, but three months in, I knew I had to get out of the relationship, for many reasons. His actions after the relationship (directly after, and months later) ranged from inappropriate, aggressive, childish, and just plain aggravating. But his unwillingness to give me the space from him I needed (we have a very interlaced group of friends) I was not able to move on from the relationship, and I kept rehashing things to myself, friends and family, because he would not leave me alone until mutual friends sat him down and told him to cut the shit. And while I knew the relationship was not good, and I ended it, I came to realize I was manipulated by him. It has made me doubt my strength in myself, in my ability to protect myself, and my willingness to let someone else in to space emotionally. I was always a bit introverted, but this passed year I really withdrew from life. I did very little outside during the summer, "romantic" gestures in movies make me upset or annoyed. A lot of my old favorite music makes me angry, and I yell at the radio about consent, getting self-respect, and "just move on already".I hate feeling this way, and I want to move forward, but I don't know how to start. 
[Join us!](https://www.reddit.com/r/MensLib/comments/3y06v6/action_alert_lets_send_some_positivity_to/)Just Detention International works to end the injustice of sexual violence within the prison system. Their tagline: Rape is not part of the penalty. They've set up a really easy system for sending words of hope to prison rape victims. This is a great opportunity for us to help prisoner rape victims see that they’re in our hearts, and at very little cost to ourselves. This makes a difference, and it’s so easy. #[SEND A MESSAGE](http://justdetention.org/wordsofhope/)
Hey.First off, I just want to say that this, what i'm about to say.. might not even be abuse at all. For the longest time, it would never have even occurred to me that it was, but... maybe it is. I just need to get it on paper and out of my head, really.I don't really know where to start, so.. right at the beginning, i guess.I have a younger brother, "John" (fake name), who is now 25. and a mother in her 50's. I am 27. My mother was raped repeatedly as a young girl, and, perhaps as a result of that, she has mental health problems, namely depression. She has had a major breakdown and been sectioned under the mental health act before, when i was about 7 or 8. She doesn't work, but is on disability benefits.Anyway... all through my childhood, i was given roles and responsibilities that even then i knew i couldn't do. From the earliest age i remember stuff like being smacked by my dad for something John had done. When i protested, i was told that i was the eldest, and i should have known better than to let him. He once went missing, resulting in the police being called, and the whole neighborhood out looking for him, my parents blaming me all the way; 'he's your younger brother, you should keep an eye on him.' He turned out to be in his bedroom all along. When he got into a fight at school, i was punished as 'you should have been there, its your job to look after him'. The list goes on. I just got used to it. I accepted it.  Eventually my dad split from my mum when i was 11. From that point onwards, i was less of a son, more of a full time father of John and her full time councillor. She had proper councillors and psychiatrists, but always ended up in arguments with them. So she used to sit me down in the living room, and tell me, in detail, what had happened to her, in her childhood. Names, places, what they had worn, what they looked like, smelt like, tasted like. I always assumed it helped her to talk about it, but afterwards, i always felt... wrong. Like my brain was twisted. John was never treated like this, he was still treated like he had little to no responsibilities, that he was a son that she shielded from all this. So it was always me. And it could happen at anytime, we could be driving and my mum would point to a house and say 'i was raped in there. They made me wear this, they did that'. I never saw this as abuse. I was convinced that my mum wouldn't abuse anyone. And what could i do, or say? Saying 'i dont want to talk about this' would have meant i was failing my responsibilities, that i was being a crap son. I had these responsibilities because i was the eldest son, and it was my job. That is what i used to think. But now? I'm not so sure anymore. I tried my best to help her, am i such a bad son that i want my own mum to suffer in silence?This continued until i was 18, when she kicked me out. I had a part time job and was in college, aiming to go to university. I paid my fair share of the bills and paid my mum board, but flatly refused to pay john's share (he has never had a job, nor been asked to get one). So i was eventually kicked out.Between then and now, i finished college, started and finished uni and got my degree. I moved far far away, got a decent job, and have my own room that i rent. Although i kept in contact with my family, i never really spoke to them much.A few days ago, i was messaged by my mum, asking if i was coming 'home' for xmas. I thought about it, and decided, sure - she was still my mum. So i paid for a coach ticket and traveled across England back to my mums house, and we got on quite well. We hugged, she told me about what had happened, etc etc. John never came out of his room to see me, but nevertheless I fell asleep thinking it wasn't so bad. When i woke up , my mum was screaming at me to get out, and fuck off. John had told her i had threatened him, that i was going to punch his face in, and so, I was kicked out - not once did she stop to think if john was lying, or wrong, or mistaken. And why would she, John is her son."John is her SON. But you aren't." Those were the words that appeared in my brain on the coach ride home. This is what got me thinking, really. How she had never treated me like john, like a son.I don't know what to do. My head has been a whirlwind of emotion, and angry questions. I feel guilty for even thinking like this. Am i wrong? I've never told anyone this, even my mental health advisors at university (I have social anxiety and take medication for it, so i had an advisor).
I grew up in an emotionally abuse household with split parents. As a got older (teens) the smaller of my parents became less physically abusive, and the other more so. My mother has a boyfriend who could become violent when angry. I also become involved with one or two abusive relationships. Here's the thing. So much of what's happened to me doesn't ever...register. It doesn't feel like it counts. Like there's a reductus clause. What's up with that? I know disassociation is a thing, but what's happening to me mentally? How does this work?
Hello. I have recently started having some serious concerns about my early childhood. Mostly about the fact that my memory on it is very foggy.I don't remember more than just a few bits and pieces from before I was around 15. I know that some childhood memory loss is to be expected but I seem to remember much, much less than most others I know.My circumstances are complicated but the summary is: I recently managed to get away from my abusive parents. I remember my father being particularly violent and controlling towards his entire family, but especially towards my mother. The worst of this happened when I was older and I do remember that much.I don't remember them hitting me too often or doing that much wrong when I was a child, especially relative to how they were when I was a teen/adult. However, I do remember I had an abusive maid when I was around 2 years old. I remember that she used to belittle me, whip me with a belt, dump me into a cold water pit that was normally used for laundry, and take away my belongings (which I then never saw again).Well, now I started communicating with my mother again, cautiously and by email. I really need to know more about what happened back then and she's the only source of information available on it apart from my father, who I don't dare to contact in any way.She says that, apart from the other two maids we had and which I do remember and recall as nice, there was a third one who helped take care of me until I was about 3 years old. I didn't remember what her name was, but the time period and physical description she gave me match.However, she also says that she never noticed the maid doing anything wrong. According to my mother, that maid was serious and kind of authoritarian, but quiet and seemingly not prone to anger. She also says she never noticed any marks on me or anything.The most confusing part is that I have some memory of my father somehow finding out that the maid was hitting me, firing her, and then telling me that if anyone but my parents hit me then I should tell him. However, my mother says that the maid just stopped working there and died of stomach cancer shortly afterwards.Did she get fired or did she leave? I would assume that my father would have no reason to lie to my mother about this? If she did just die of stomach cancer, does this mean that I generated false memories of her getting fired somehow? Are the memories of the abuse false as well?I don't know if I'll ever know for sure, but that's not even the scariest part.My mother also says that my father's uncle, as well as my own uncle, used to be around very often. She says that both of them were easily angered and very insensitive. She also says that they used to abuse me in various ways, such as by setting off fireworks nearby and then laughing at me for being hurt by the noise (I am autistic and have sensory issues).She also says that they may have done worse things while she was not looking, but that my parents kicked them out at some point.This is all very concerning because I don't remember any of that at all. I don't remember even knowing that my father had an uncle who used to visit. I don't remember what either of these people looked like or any of the things she says they did. At most, I only remember my uncle's name, the fact that I once spent a night at his place, and also that he was angry at me about something once. I am told that I once pulled a chair back from under him as he was sitting so maybe that was it? I don't even know.Summary: I had abusive parents. I have memories of having had an abusive maid but I don't know how much of that actually happened since it contradicts what the one other witness I have access to said. I also supposedly had other abusive relatives, but have no memory of them.What could have caused my memory to black out like this? I know my memory is just bad, but this seems like too much. I was prepared to handle misremembering details about the maid, but not the fact that much more than that happened to me and I know nothing of it.Has anything like this happened to anyone else? Is there a way to figure out what happened without resorting to means that might create memories rather than recover them?
I am a survivor of childhood sexual abuse, verbal and emotional abuse and rape as a teenager.  I have been through an awful lot of trauma starting at a young age, which has made me used to staying in a state of mental shock.  If I start to calm down, feel emotions or sexual urges I automatically freak out mentally and go back into the state of shock.  I know, logically, that this mental state is not healthy, helpful nor does it keep me safe, but I am so used to it that I feel exposed/vulnerable without it.  Lately I have been working on allowing myself to feel more vulnerable and it's been both difficult and interesting. I feel more love and affection towards my spouse and child, but I also have been having more headaches, more disturbing dreams and more of an urge to want to lash out.  I bite my tongue as much as possible, but it's not easy.  My tendency is to avoid whatever I possibly can, but I desperately want to feel "normal", whatever that is.  Can anyone relate?
I've been a victim of various different types of abuse throughout my entire life, so I feel I have a reasonable amount of experience in the topic. As a result, I ended up getting into a Twitter conversation with Rob Dyke, in which we discussed whether abusers deserve empathy, as well as the concept of evil. I did a terrible job at conveying what I was trying to say (because its pretty hard to do that in under 140 characters :P) so I made this video to better explain what I was discussing with him - check it out to learn more!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wv2F1tBLYDA
Hello,I can't find any group therapy groups in my area for those who have childhood interpersonal trauma in their history. The best I've found is that there are several groups in my area for survivors of sexual abuse. However mine was physical, and I can't find any group therapy that specializes in specifically childhood abuse PTSD for survivors of *not* sexual child abuse. Any recommendations? I've checked ASCA, other national organizations for survivors of abuse, and in general done a search on "therapy groups for PTSD" (they are not for childhood abuse; I don't want to sit in a group of people with PTSD from tons of different traumatic experiences, that is a very wide-range of problems to put in one room.)Any recommendations on where I could find a group of survivors of child abuse that is not just for sexual abuse would be helpful for me thank you. 
THE STORY OF CHANGING THE WITCHCRAFTOnce there was a young boy named Kevin. He lived on top of a mountain, or so he thought. All his life he thought he knew the top of the mountain, the clouds seemed blue and the mountains looked white, but the bottom of the stars were cool and colorlessand it left an empty shell of scattered pearls across the bottomless land. The world was changing and he never knew it. He kept his shells in his closet and noticedthat they brought him a sign of relief. He kept working up the courage to place the shells overhimself so that he could be brought out of who he was and turn into something that he once knew he would be. He placed the shells over his hand and kept rubbing them in waiting for a change.The shells kept breaking and never stayed in place. His frustration grew because he was offering himself to some greater greatness inside of himself. The world’s dusk broke out of the clay pots he kept over his windows and the layered light shone on him brightly. The shells began to shake and break across his skin. Angry at the light he broke the clay pots and began to barricade them over his windows.Alone with the broken shells on his skin he began to pick them up and shake them hoping that he could replace some with another. He went back down the valley next to the missing creek and placed his hope in the shells that lay beneath. The earth shattered as he powerlessly clawed at it for more shells.He came up for air and nothing was as it was. The light was shining and the world turned and looked countlessly different in the sizes and shapes of what was once he thought was. The night became day and the world reflected the sunshine from the water and all seemed a calm peaceful blue. Never noticing the restraint of what he kept himself in he continued diving for more shells. Each time he came up for air the light outside grew brighter and the world began to take colorful turns and present itself more beautiful and different in each breath. Wild ones were  walking toward the creek. Kevin noticed them coming and quickly began diving deeper into the water for more shells. When he came back up for air the world’s music now changed and the colors and sounds mixed together and made what was once bold and beautiful extreme and wild. The water began to get crowded as more people began to dive for these shells. Kevin pushed against the people and tried to grab more before the others could. The world grew more beautiful and ever different. The signs in the sky were brighter than he could have ever imagined. So he swam. Deeper and deeper. Deciding never to come back.
he keeps checking my blog and i've done everything to make it unaccessible to him and have told him explicitly to stop. he didnt. it's been two years since we broke up. i told him to stop again and he didn't like that and he put my username on 4chan's /soc/ board. i'm so tired of this. this is the second time i've ended up on /soc/. (first time by a different dude who was mad i didn't date him) i'm deleting/remaking my blog for the 2nd time now, but i just dont get why its so hard for him to just leave me alone, esp since he lives cross country. why would he check up on someone he has said he "greatly dislikes"?? i just want peace.....edit: i just found the board on /soc/ and he posted old pics of me i had sent him when we were together.... i want to die.....
After years and years of repeated abuse patterns, and years of therapy, and a few months of EMDR... I'm finally getting it!  I'm learning not to participate in the abuse dynamic.  I am SO GRATEFUL to subs like this one, reading them has really helped me get this far. What caught me by surprise was how much this will cost me.  I feel like I've been slowly waking up from a dream, only to discover that some of my most treasured friends are incredibly selfish people who take advantage of me.  It makes sense, I was a doormat for a long time.  Suddenly, I notice how these people treat me like I don't matter.  I can see how one-sided things are.  So far I've lost my secondary partner (who made me miserable), and my best friend of many years (who always mooched off me and was a bad influence). I can never talk among "normal people" about how sad I feel to lose these people, because they'll just say "you're better off so you shouldn't be sad."  Of course I'm better off, but it still hurts!  I loved these people.  Plus, I feel the impulse over and over again, to be hard on myself for being "mean" to my friends by setting boundaries.  I sometimes feel like a jerk. I keep thinking, god I wish there was someone I could talk to who could say something helpful.  You know, someone who understands what I'm going through, not just making assumptions and repeating cliches. And then I thought, whoa, what if I actually made a post?  So here we are!TL;DR I'm gaining self-respect and setting boundaries, which is great, but I'm realizing my life is full of jerks and I'm getting lonely.  Tell me to keep going?
The thing is, I'm now 19 and I just recently started to really think back to my childhood and figure out what really happened back then. I feel weird just saying it so blatantly but, I've been abused by I think 4 or 5 different people growing up. What baffles me though is that I feel no sort of... feelings about it. I say it like its a matter of fact. So I just wanna... write this down and see what everyone makes of it.That being said, all ages/timelines are just approximations of when I think it happened, because I seem to have trouble recalling my childhood. I mean, its sort of like I'm putting together a timeline based on specific memories that I do recall and the further down I go my mind sort of... shuts down. I know that there's something down there but I just cannot sorta "access" it I guess.So anyways, the first time was I think when I was 3. And it was done by my aunt (my mom's sister). She wasn't married and was also finding it difficult to get married at the time that this happened. I don't know if this sort of "I'll never get married" ideology crept up to her and made her do this but I can't really tell. Being unmarried at her age was I think looked down in the society she was in I guess. So anyways, she was my favorite aunt because she always made me laugh. I'd always choose to stay with her and listen to the stories she'd tell me over most things back then. And sometimes I'd even sleep with her while she told me stories. As far as I can remember, one night with the lights off and whatnot she suggested that I put my hand on her tummy while she told me the story. She had pulled up her shirt to expose her tummy (like a crop top) and told me to just put my hand there and move it around. I found that weird the first time she asked and I couldn't explain why. I thought, "Why would she ask me to do that...?". And when I touched her tummy I didn't know that it was bare, so I got pretty surprised, to which she replied its okay there's nothing wrong with it. This is all I remember of that particular incident. I do recall however that this happened very frequently since then. To the point that I found this whole act (the act of running my hands around her tummy and bellybutton) different from anything I had felt before - sorta exciting in a different kind of way. It was because I couldn't experience that feeling anywhere else that I kept asking her if I could do it. And she'd always allow me happily.From my understanding, that experience changed my views on the moral right and wrong. In that, it made me lose my "shame" so to speak. At that time I didn't find anything wrong with being naked.Fast forward a few years and this part is again a void. The next memory I have is of my older cousin, who I thought of as my best friend, ask me if I knew what happens after marriage. Background - as you might already be able to tell I come from a conservative family in an under developed country where sex before marriage isn't a thing. So I was pretty intrigued because, being the curious kid I was, I could never find an answer to why people got married in any of the biology books I've read. I used to (and still am) and avid reader. Intrigued, I said "No I don't, what happens?". And he started explaining the whole reproduction process. There's a void and in the remaining fragments of that memory I think he touched me down there. Oh, I think I've forgotten to mention, I am a straight male and he was a (I don't know if straight or gay or bi) male. I do not recall whether I was actually erect at the time but considering that I hadn't come close to hitting puberty I'm guessing I wasn't. I think I have had more such experiences with him before puberty. Something to keep in mind, I only met him in the summers when my family went back to visit the extended family.Timeline again goes into a void where I can't recall any memories. Next memory I have is a girl who called me her girlfriend but I didn't really know what that even meant. She was the daughter of a relative and was about my age. I recall being in a physical relationship with her, which would involve her asking me to touch her in her private areas. I don't know how or why we had this sort of a relationship, mainly given that we were both maybe 9 or 10, but we did. I do recall that her touching me in my places would get me erect and I didn't know why it was so. Memory draws blank again after this.Next thing I remember, I was on my dad's computer and just browsing around on there because I got bored of playing games. Now I don't remember whether this was before or after the previously stated memory. Maybe both events happened together too, who knows. I am sure however that this is pre-puberty. So I am browsing around and I find this video of this lady jiggling her breasts around. For some reason I found some sort of attraction to it and I couldn't put the words to it. I do recall labelling it as "funny" and showing it to a friend of mine to make sense of it. Its interesting that said friend found it uncomfortable and told his parents about it while I found it normal, (and according to an accidental slip from my dad when he was angry a few months back, he got in shit for it 'cuz friend's dad confronted my dad about it). In retrospect, I now understand why the video was suddenly gone one day.Next memory is that, I found an VHS cassette as stored away in some cabinet in my home. I was pretty curious about why this was put away so my curiosity led me to playing the tape. And I played it when my parents weren't around, since I didn't like them much back then (this is still pre-puberty). It was porn basically but back then I couldn't identify it at all. That's also how I know it was pre puberty because I couldn't figure out what that erect thing with a bit of hair around it was. And especially when something white came out of it... yea. I was utterly baffled. So I used to watch it every day trying to figure out what this video was. It was also because of this and the last video that I figured out that women have... breasts underneath that bump in their clothes. One day actually my mom walked in on me and saw what I was watching. She was extremely mad - madder than I've ever seen her - and she told me to never watch it again. I tried finding the cassette the next day but couldn't.I do remember walking in on my parents "going at it" once. As far as I remember, I opened the door, saw my parents naked and thought, "Oh, I shouldn't be here", and closed the door and left. I think its important to add that I didn't see any penetration. So anyways, mom came out later to ask if I was alright. I found that weird and said "Why wouldn't I be alright...? I feel fine...".This is getting a bit too long but I'll just put in a few more things together in summary here. Fast forward to some time and I figured out how to masturbate. And I masturbated every day not knowing what I was doing. I didn't even see me ejaculate the first time considering I was doing it under my pants while pretending to study. I got this strange thing of wanting to show my body to others naked. <- I'd rather not explain more of that.Next summer, or some summer after all this for the matter, family went back to visit extended family and I met cousin again. He made me uh... give him a blowjob saying that "it'll feel good trust me". I sorta felt like I was choking but yea that's all I can remember. He also made me give him a handjob. I don't know about this next thing and what it classifies as but, he sorta... did me anally. I can't classify it since, I was thinking back to how people have sex and how, although I might not have a vagina, I can still put it in "there". And I wanted to find out how it felt like for girls. But you gotta know I did hit puberty at this point. My moral compass was messed up in that I guess I had no respect for my body. I cannot recall anything from this time except my mind telling me - "This happened and is a fact". No memories or anything.Somewhere along the line, the landlord at the place my parents lived abused me as well (I can't really put this on when on the timeline but its somewhere near when I was in a "relationship" with that girl). And some other stuff happened that I don't wanna go into - one of them being the thing that made me turn myself around. After "that event" I broke off all relations with the girl, isolated myself from my friends at school, and went into this whole phase of fixing myself. I isolated myself mentally and physically to the point that I didn't know what common expressions like "whats up" or "He's pissed" meant. This phase of my life is when I realized I messed up and I had to fix myself. So that's what I did. And I did a pretty good job at it I guess considering its never bugged me since then.It's bugged me so less to the point that now I can say all this like its a matter of fact. I don't... feel anything towards this and this is what I find concerning. I cannot put my finger on any long lasting damages that I've sustained due to all this. Or like... any damages at all really. I would be just a normal person walking around and I'd not show any signs of differentiation. That's what makes me feel like I'm messed up for not showing any signs and it's weird... And for this I've decided to go talk to a therapist tomorrow to see what she has to say of this whole thing. I want to know why I don't show any outward symptoms of abuse. And I need sort of a place to open up first before I open up to my therapist so yea, thats why this whole post.Why don't I show any signs...? O.o
I don’t know if this is the right thread or why I’m even doing this. I guess I just want to reach out and say whatever I haven’t said before because I don’t feel like it gets any better at this point. I feel broken inside and like I’m not ever going to go back to being a whole person again. I’m probably leaving a lot of stuff out, but trying to get the most of it in there.I guess it all started the first time I was assaulted. I was sixteen and it was my first real sexual experience and I was really confused. It took me a couple of years to realise it was rape. I cried to one of my friends after it happened and she replied with ‘But you’re so into him’ with a laugh. It took several years and a lot of consoling to get past it. By the time I was in my early twenties I still hated to be touched. I hated having to have the ‘talk’ with any perspective partner about why I cringe away from touching and why I get scared at the idea of sex.Enter in someone who I thought was my best friend. We’ll call him Garett. Garett was a friend of my dad’s and was about ten years older than me. At first he was really nice, a bit of a pompous ass and a very self-righteous, self-proclaimed Libertarian sort, who never went anywhere without a firearm, but nice all the same. I don’t know when things started to change, I didn’t notice it, but people around me did. I told him about what the guy from my past did to me and he went on a rant about wanting to castrate the guy and torture him, which made me uncomfortable but I didn’t say anything. He also basically told me how stupid it was not to report it (despite my fears at the time of getting kicked out of school and not understanding what happened) and told me that I couldn’t protect myself. He started talking down to me and I accepted it because my self-esteem was so low that I didn’t know anything else. Garett and I worked in the same area where we lived and were neighbours. At the time I was living alone with my two dogs, a miniature dachshund named Arora and a big Bloodhound/Mastiff named Allison. At the time my job was terrible and I was spending most of my money on Allison and Arora and I didn’t have a lot of money for food or anything else. I remember going over to his place and asking if he had anything to eat and him talking down to me while he ate in front of me.  I went on a date once with a really nice Marine but had a panic attack and had to go home, for some reason unknown to me I asked to be let off at Garett’s house. I sat there and I cried while Garett rubbed my neck and I felt like I couldn’t move (he always touched my neck and my wrist, knowing it was a trigger, and always saying how he was the only person who could do that to me, telling me how much I trusted him). Garett convinced me to break up with him, which I still regret. He told me if I had a panic attack then I probably shouldn’t be with that guy and I listened.He broke me down over a period of years. I thought it would stop when he got married but it only got worse. He would threaten to hit me in public and I would listen to whatever he said. Once I got drunk at a holiday party and he took me out to smoke some weed, telling me how he was a dominant and how he and his wife wanted to have sex with me and all the things he wanted to do to me. I was scared, but drunk, and I laughed it off and ended up just going home and vomiting, quite probably from the fast amount of scotch we’d had the night.A few years later I was living in a new town with my friend and Garett ended up moving to the same town, living just a little ways away from me and my friend. I had recently been dumped by my current boyfriend for reasons relating back to my fear of touching, my fear of sex, and the fact that he had just moved awayl. My ex boyfriend and I had been friends but had only dated for a short time. Still, I was bummed and I didn’t even have my dogs to comfort me. My friend left for the evening to attend class and work and I was left alone with the cat. Not wanting to be alone I called up Garett because he was the only other person I knew, my self esteem was completely crushed, and I thought he might bring his daughter over. I loved his daughter more than anything in the world and never missed a chance to see her. She was the one good thing about the whole situation.Garett comes over without his daughter, telling me that she had been napping and he didn’t want to wake her. I just wanted to talk and didn’t care about much so we sat down on the sofa and started talking. I don’t know how it happened but the next thing I know we’re off the sofa and he’s wrestling me on the ground. I guess it seemed like fun? I remember being uncomfortable but also not knowing how to say stop. He grabbed the back of my neck and I froze and he kissed me and I was terrified. I can remember though exactly how he tasted and how thick his breath was and how I closed my eyes and wanted to be anywhere else.I don’t know what most people bring over when they visit a friend, but Garett brought handcuffs. He vaguely explained how he wanted to tie me up and fuck me and I was so stunned I barely knew what to say. All I think I said was that I didn’t want to have sex, which I guess he took as consent to handcuff me. I was scared and confused and he told me how much he loved me and my self-esteem and self-worth were so low that I longed so much to hear those words and I didn’t want to make him mad and be alone again so I let him do what he wanted, which seemed to be hitting my ass and legs with cords and his belt while I was handcuffed to the doorframe. I wanted to make him happy because he was the only thing I had at the time. I did ask him to stop using the cord when it broke my skin. We had a bamboo plant outside and he went and broke off a stalk of bamboo with his knife and used that instead.This went on for a period of months. Anytime my friend would leave he would come over and I would try to make him happy so he wouldn’t leave. It got to the point though where he was hitting me in front of people, including in a restaurant where he worked. We were in a pub watching the World Cup when he loudly started talking about how he was going to take me home and spank my ass if England lost. I was quiet, not knowing what to do and just drank my beer. England lost.I was very clear on a lot of limits and he was very clear on wanting to break them. He never fucked me, but he touched me in ways he knew I didn’t want and continued after I said I didn’t want that. There was a point where he was fingering me and all of a sudden, with no lube to speak of, he put a finger in my ass. I froze and started saying no and he kept telling me I liked it and I kept saying I didn’t and it took me hurting myself and moving away for him to get that point and then he responded by kissing me and apologizing and then making me lean over the sofa while he hit my legs with a bamboo rod. I’m not even sure if it’s abuse or if it’s my own fault. He kept me in a place where I could only rely on him and anytime I tried to branch out he was there to tell me how stupid that was and how I shouldn’t be around people and how they would hurt me. I was absolutely miserable and ended up moving back away from the city to live with my parents, thanks to my brother’s help. My brother was the only person there who could tell me that what was happening was wrong and that I needed to get out. He barely knew what was going on, but he knew how Garett acted with me in public and it made him uncomfortable and being a big brother he tried to protect me.After I moved I kept getting texts from him that I ignored. Multiple texts about the things he wanted to do with me and he never seemed to notice I was ignoring him. He showed up once at my old job and tried to spank me while I was at work even though I told him no. A few months later he spoke to my brother, wanting to show up at my other job and my brother straight up told him that me blocking him on facebook and ignoring his texts wasn’t me playing hard to get or teasing him, it was me wanting to be left alone.Thankfully, I haven’t heard from him for a while, but I’m still not feeling all there. My girlfriend recently broke up with me because I’m physically and emotionally distant. Every time someone tries to touch me I tense up and move away. When I’m kissed I feel disgusting. I couldn’t talk to her about what happened because I feel pathetic when I do try and sick and when I speak. I want desperately to get close to someone but I’m also absolutely terrified. I want to be touched and kissed and loved and be able to love someone, but it makes me so absolutely ill to even try that I don’t know what to do anymore. I don’t feel like I’m going to be a person and I feel incredibly stupid for letting this happen. I feel like I should have been more firm with him, I feel like I should have said no louder or something. I wish I could have fought him but anytime I tried he would completely overpower me. I wish I would have done something differently and now I don’t know what to do. 
Especially to someone who has or had ptsd: What were some of the biggest challenges?How did you address your experiences to that person? Were you direct?How did it work out?
I expect this post to be heavily down-voted or even removed, but writing this shit out might be useful. I never thought I would be doing something like this, *sigh* here goes....My mother hates men and she's made it quite clear to me in the past. Obviously, she wasn't too happy about having a son, but she did a damn good job of hiding it until I hit puberty. Her behaviour changed almost overnight once I became aware of my sexuality. She would physically and verbally abuse me for no fucking reason. I remember her telling me not to give her the 'wrong impression,' whatever the fuck that means.Oh, before I go on, I must mention that I'm wheelchair-bound from birth due to a disability, so there's no way I could've abused her sexually. Yet, she had this stupid notion in her little head that I  was becoming more and more twisted every time I masturbated. All of this isn't conjecture on my part, I actually confronted my mother about it, more on that later. There was a period of time in my late teens when I was very active on social networking sites trying to create some semblance of a social life and it was at this time that I came across internet feminism and boy, did it 'trigger' me big time. Most feminists reminded me of my delusional mother. And what was even more shocking was the fact that the media was actively supporting these stupid individuals. It sickened me to the stomach. Eventually, I couldn't take it any more and decided to do something about my messed up psychological state.When  I finally confronted my mother about the way she treated me, she said that she had her 'reasons.' Apparently,  she's been sexually abused by EVERY male family member she was alone with during her childhood. I have my own doubts about this claim, but it's her problem. What really pissed me off though is the fact that she believed her past justified her behavior for the most part. The worst part is that I'm still dependent on her. I know that I'm partially to blame for this, but it doesn't make it any easier to bear.Now I'm at the point where I don't trust  women, especially feminists. I want to hurt them any chance that I get. I know this is fucked up and I'm trying to change. But it's REALLY hard with my mother around. I guess the 'correct' thing to do is try and help her work through her issues, thereby helping myself. But I just can't bring myself to care about mom's problems. All I feel right now is a seething hatred for everything living. The bright side is that her son is the kind of man she hates. 
When i was about five years old, i moved to England. I lived with my sister and mother, but also spent a lot of time at my cousins' place, who were much older than me (over 20).Around this time, my sister's violence towards me increased to the point where she would regularly strangle me, hit me, and generally made me afraid to be around her...or anyone really. I realise now that she was, being just two years older than me, not really capable of abuse, and just had anger management issues. Besides this, one of my cousins was particular hung up on 'educating' us correctly. I remember that if we lied we had to eat a spoonful of red chilli powder. We would be locked in a small bathroom for hours as punishment for one thing or another. This coupled with the physical stuff made me....odd.I remember sometimes just being unable to breathe for no reason. I also remember starting to laugh as my sister strangled me.So many things happened...at one point, around age 10 i started regularly punching myself in the face to cause a nosebleed so that my mother would worry and take me to the hospital.Now I'm 22 and sitting back and wondering if it was all just me? Was i mentally disturbed, and that's why they needed to discipline me? My sister has apologised. But i still have nightmares. For 17 years, i just can't get rid of them. And still sometimes i suddenly feel out of breath and have a strong pain in my chest. I can't bear my family touching me. What is wrong with me? And how can i fix it? I'm posting this here so people who've actually suffered can give me an idea of whether it was real or not. First post, feel free to let me know if i should have posted elsewhere
Hello, /r/survivorsofabuse!/r/MensLib is excited to announce that our next AMA will be this Thursday, December 17th, with Chris Anderson, Executive Director of MaleSurvivor. We thought your community might like to participate.Here's Chris's bio, from [his personal website](http://www.christophermanderson.com/):> Christopher M. Anderson is one of the world’s leading experts on male trauma. He is an advocate for survivors of trauma and sexual violence, an author, entrepreneur, public speaker, and host of [The Weak-End Podcast](http://www.weakendpod.com/). He is also the founder of Wysiati Communications LLC, a new media firm that specializes in curating and producing high quality content that entertains, elightens, and empowers listeners.> A survivor of multiple forms of childhood trauma with an [ACES [Adverse Childhood Experience Study] score of 6](http://www.cdc.gov/violenceprevention/acestudy/about.html), Chris has overcome battles with severe depression, anxiety disorders, and suicidal impulses to become an internationally acclaimed public speaker and author. Chris' professional areas of expertise are male sexual victimization, trauma and resilience, and developing and implementing compassionate, trauma-informed, and holistic responses to abuse.MaleSurvivor is a tremendous organization that works on the issue of sexual violence against men and boys. They're listed in our Resources for Men Guide, and we're happy to think of them as allies in the men's issues discussion.Chris was kind enough to provide us with some links to help familiarize us with him and the work MaleSurvivor does:+ [What is MaleSurvivor?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1THgL0lPzw) (video - content advisory: sexual violence)+ [MaleSurvivor Weekends of Recovery](http://www.malesurvivor.org/weekends-of-recovery.html)+ [Tips for When Triggered forum post](http://www.malesurvivor.org/board/ubbthreads.php?ubb=showflat&Number=400349&an=74#Post400349)Chris will post his AMA thread at 6 PM Eastern US time, and then rejoin us from 7-9 PM to discuss any questions or comments we have for him.We're very excited to have this opportunity to discuss such an important issue with a leader in the field. We hope you all will join us, questions and comments at the ready!Many thanks to the /r/survivorsofabuse mods for letting us share this with you.
Volunteers needed for a research study on the role of meaning in life, resilience, and forgiveness in the psychological well-being of adult male survivors of childhood sexual abuse be Catholic priests. If you, or someone you know, would be interested please see my website at www.survivorssurvey.com . There are 4 questions related to the abuse in the survey. 
Months ago I wrote a letter to my mother  finally telling her exactly how I felt about how she treated me. Not having spoken to her in 19 years i gave it to my sister to mail. I never heard anything about it until this past weekend. My sister confronted our mother about the letter. Although my mother showed no remorse about how she felt about me she did admit she should have done a better job at protecting me. She admitted to not doing anything about the abuse I endured from my brother. Just knowing she finally takes some responsibility for what I went through was so liberating. For once I finally feel some peace.
I don't have perfect grammar, excuse the mistakes please!  So, I was raised as one of Jehovah's Witnesses and baptized at 10. Very much influenced by my grandmother. Started pioneering...which is "full time preaching" - 70 hours per month - with her at 14. My best friend along with her parents and brother all started pioneering at the same time. We would go out in early morning preaching a lot. They picked me up often because my mom doesn't/didn't drive..dad was working..and my grandma never went out that early. One day my friend's dad ...let's say his name was Rick. Rick showed up at my house to pick me up alone. We lived in a condo, I would walk down to the mailboxes when people from my congregation picked me up. My parents never checked to make sure who was getting me or anything. You trust your fellow Jehovah's Witnesses. So Rick actually went to the same high school as my mom. He was a ministerial servant which just means he had some authority and privileges in our congregation. Pioneer. Super trustworthy by popular JW opinion.  I trusted him, I liked him. He was a super cool dad actually...this was around 2001 and he had a big old Yukon with smoked out lights and 22 rims..plus an awesome stereo system with subwoofers and what not. He was also a dj and they would regularly have dance parties at their house. So anyway he picks me up for early morning service one day. I thought it was a little weird but he said his family wasn't ready and we were going to get them in a bit. So then he drives me to Starbucks and we get a drink. Get back in the car and he proceeds to tell me the real reason he picked me up alone was because he wanted to talk to me privately. He was worried about me...heard I had a crush on a 17 year old guy in our congregation. I admitted I did. He then tells me that guy is a player, and then SHOWS me different ways this brother might try to touch me. He touched my leg, the small of my back. Admittedly it felt really good. I had never been kissed, never had a boyfriend. Nothing. I loved the attention. Later my therapist told me I was susceptible to it because my parents didn't give me enough time and attention...dunno if that's true but whatever. (Mom was running a store, always working including going out of town on business trips at least once a month...dad worked pretty long hours..also I was the oldest of 4 children. I was closer to my grandma than my parents). Anyway, the attention from him continued and escalated. Rick would write me letters, give me secret little looks at the Bible meetings. I ended up believing he was in love with me and I him.  At some point it got to sex. He kept me silent mainly out of my fear of getting disfellowshipped. When you are a JW and do something "wrong" it's likely you will get disfellowshipped - or shunned. Similar to excommunication. No JW is allowed to talk to you, including your family unless you live with them. They aren't even supposed to "say a greeting" to you according to some Bible scripture. I was so close to my little sister and he would always say - remember if you tell, you lose your family, do you want to lose your sister? After 8 months or so I guess he grew tired of me. Actually hooked me up with the "player" who he warned me about and encouraged I have sex with him, and I did. I was told this was strategic and trying to get me to look like a slut. Admittedly, I was pretty promiscuous for a while. Sex was how I had come to feel love and I wanted it. Took a while to get over that.Eventually my mom figured out that something was up. She sat me down and after hours of talking to me I gave in and confessed. Felt better to get it off my chest. Now at 15, I felt like I was equally responsible for the fornication with this 45 year old man. My parents took me to the police station the next day. I was terrified. The cops tried to convince me I was not a terrible whore. I had to call Rick on the phone and get him to admit he had had sex with me, and he did. The police report I read later showed that he admitted to everything. He pleaded out and got 15 years at San Quentin. Released in 6 or so. Dealing with the elders in my congregation  was a different story. My parents told them what I had told them. We had so many "judicial" meetings with them trying to decide my fate - it felt like hundreds. When my parents first told them everything, one elder responded by telling my dad to "lock her in her room with nothing but a mattress and roll of toilet paper". I felt like that was what I deserved. They asked me what I think I should do. I told them I thought I should pray. They said definitely ask for forgiveness, not only from God, but from Rick's family. His wife. They wanted me to apologize to his wife for being molested by her husband. Rick did admit everything to the elders. He tried to make me look like a slutty promiscuous 14 year old. Lied and said I had been with many guys. I had to deal with a lot of accusations. In the end, they decided to disfellowship me for lying. I was confused and asked them what I had lied about. They said lying is interchangeable with living a double life. All JWs believe that Jehovah God himself decides the outcome of these judicial committees. The elders pray on the matter and go with their gut feeling which is said to be given by holy spirit. Doesn't make much sense since they disagree all the time and have to come to a unanimous decision. They specifically said "Jehovah God has decided to disfellowship you.!My parents were livid. They kept reassuring me, this won't happen. They are wrong. They had me write a letter to appeal the decision based on bias toward my molester. You can do this once and a new set of elders is sent in to reexamine the case. The new set of elders stuck with the original decision without much questioning from me. They asked me if I even knew what bias meant. My parents called the circuit overseer. A circuit overseer is a man who is pretty high up on the JW food chain. He looks over a group of congregations in a certain area - a circuit. He was a nice guy...he spoke to me on the phone and told me sometimes mistakes are made. He compared me to Hannah from the Bible who was crying at the temple and was called drunk. That helped a little bit. I had so much guilt and my self esteem was at an all time low. My parents tried talking to elders at the branch office in New York - JW headquarters. They kept calling and trying to get the decision redacted. They did disfellowship me. I went to the announcement. I didn't miss a Bible "meeting" for 6 months. In order to get back into the congregation - "reinstated" - you have to show up at meetings and sit there silently without being able to converse with anyone. You come in when it starts and leaves when it ends. Finally my mom said they had worn the elders down enough and I should write a brief letter saying I wanted to be reinstated. I did, they announced it at the next meeting. So few people came up to me to welcome me back. I could count the number of people on one hand. I didn't really understand why everyone seemed to hate me when they are supposed to forgive you like Jehovah God has when you are reinstated.     I started to find out all that had gone on. Rick had told the elders the truth, but lied to everyone else. Told everyone else I had accused him of molesting me and that it was all lies. He didn't even tell his family the truth. My parents knew all of this but didn't want to make me feel worse or stress me out while I was disfellowshipped. Rick's daughter tried to call me before they announced my disfellowshipping. My mom now tells me it was to try to convince me to stop lying. Everyone thought I put an innocent man in jail. My parents then told me Rick had got almost everyone in our congregation (we were in the same one and neither family had switched to a different one yet) over 100 people, including kids, teenagers, my friends, to write letters stating he was a good guy, never done anything wrong, trustworthy, etc. My mom said Rick and his lawyer brought these to the sentencing to try and convince the judge to lower the time. The judge thought it was creepy, young kids saying they like spending time with Rick because he's fun. It didn't work in his favor at court, but in the congregation apparently it did. No one believed me. I was horribly scared that I would never have friends, let alone a boyfriend or get married. I was ruined. My old best friend actually told me a couple weeks after I got reinstated that she had to greatly limit her time with me because I might still be bad association. I was so heartbroken.The cold shoulder from everyone continued. A year later I begged my mom to let me move congregations. I went to a nearby one and loved it. Told my parents I wanted to go there. They said okay. Came with me one day and then moved over too. Rick got out of jail and got reinstated within a year. I was told that he finally had to tell his family the truth in order to get reinstated. I had an automatic restraining order on him until I turned 21. I did end up seeing him at a big Bible convention for JWs a couple years after that. Gave me chills. This is only one of my stories about being a JW for the first 27 years of my life. I've been out for a year now. I want people to realize that even ministerial servants, pioneers, elders...the higher ups...cannot be trusted. Don't leave your kids with anyone and not check up on them. There are multiple child abuse cases inside the organization every month. There is a huge court case in Australia about abuse inside the JW organization. It seems to be a problem in lots of religions. 13 years after my incident, maybe they know how to handle it better. What happened was scarring enough, but being a JW and everything that came with that...made it so much worse. I am not here asking for pity or sympathy. I am trying to expose the Jehovah's Witnesses policies and practices. I want to shed some light on the lack of innocence in their organization. They are not all bad people, but their policies hurt so many. I don't want anyone to get sucked in. It has taken many years from my life, it was so hard to get out, so hard to get used to the real world. I am disfellowshipped yet again, for a different reason. Lost all of my friends and family that are still JWs. But despite that, I am now free. I am so much happier. Relaxed. Calm. I want JWs that are still in to realize that no matter how much they say that they are God's organization - that they are directed by God - that they just can't be. I want to inspire people to find hope in a life beyond indoctrination. If ANYONE has questions, feel free to ask. TL;DR Molested by a JW higher up. Shunned for it.
my ex boyfriend, when we were first starting to date, got upset at me trying to leave the apartment in the middle of a fight, and grabbed my wrist and threw me on the bed.. is this abuse? 
I was shocked after it happened. Told everyone it was rape. I was so sure.Two years later I feel gulity.He was someone I didn't know too well in college. I smoked cigarettes then. Someone stole a pack from me at a party. This guy told me he would buy me another pack. A friend offered to lend him a car. Holy shit, I forgot about that detail. He refused to take the car. We walked. I got a bad feeling. He led me away from the store. He wanted to go up an isolated road. I told him I just wanted to go to my dorm room.I'm sort of shy. I will not use a bathroom if I don't feel comfortable in someone's house. At this point , I had to pee very badly. I told him I had to go in the woods. This was my mistake.He followed me. I thought he would stop and pulled down my pants and peed. He whipped out his penis when I couldn't stop the stream. He began peeing and then shoved it in my mouth. I was terrified and triwnd to act okay. He pushed me into the leaves in my own urine and penetrated me.  I groaned a few times from the purely physical act. My belly ring got ripped out. I began to speak up for myself."STOP, STOP, PLEASE STOP!"He ignored me. He pressed me into the leaves and told me to be quiet when the campus police drove by.Eventually he said we should resume elsewhere. I pretended to like this idea as we headed toward the dorms As soon as we reached the small campus I ran to my dorm.I feel guilty though, even after two years. I let him kiss me earlier that night. I didn't like it, but I still let him walk me home. And he is from a rough part of Sudan. I sort of believe he thought it was consensual. Help me guys :/
A relative of mine was hospitalized for surviving a suicide attempt.  Among the many abusive, insane abuses they endured during the stay, one stood out to me. In this hospital, they had "groups" to break up the day.  During this particular group, the "professional" in charge of discussion started discussing art-- in particular, a piece of disgusting art depicting a "split face of a cadaver" entitled "The Kiss" and how much they admired the artist. This is described to a group of patients in the hospital there for suicidal ideation.My relative asked about the Klimt painting "The Kiss" after being subjected to this, to which the "professional" replied something like "Oh, that is a much more pleasant painting". Essentially an admission that he realized how terribly inappropriate this discussion was for this setting.I don't know of this is illegal but certainly this person has no business in a hospital. Is there anything my family can do in such a situation?
My counselor said this to me today and it just resonates and is elusive at the same time. "Perhaps you had a normal reaction to abnormal situations."Perhaps I did. We as survivors spend so much time trying to figure out what we did wrong in our abusive situations, where we are to blame, and recalculating each decision, weighing and marking it as right or wrong, normal or abnormal. Perhaps the real thought should be whether our situation was abnormal, and if we reacted in a normal way to abuse. It's just hard to get my head around, and yet, it clicks and makes perfect sense. I thought I'd just go ahead and share it with you all and see your thoughts.
I've started an art blog called Reveal to Heal that features anonymous submissions on the topic of sexual abuse and assault. Through the healing powers of both art and storytelling, the blog aims to illuminate and thereby eliminate abuse. Please, check it out and consider contributing. Your voice matters.www.reveal-heal.com <3*EDIT* In the original post I accidentally linked the site to real-heal.com — that was a typo!!! Thanks to the commenters who pointed this out.
I've been experiencing acute issues with gender identity and physical gender presentation over the last week or so.I talked to my partner about it, and they accused me of being blind to how this is obviously a manifestation of self-loathing and 'a cyclical, annual' result of trauma I experienced as a child.I, however, am unsure of how to take the feelings I've been having and question the interpretation presented. I do think there may be valid points, but I have a lot of concerns that are not rectified by such statements.Does anyone else modify how they look around certain times of the year, when trauma may have occurred?
My dad having raped me for years is the real reason my parents never had more children.  My mom had excuses she gave about her plumbing, but this is the same woman who made me a premie because she couldn't miss work to go on bed rest like her doctor ordered, so that always sounded like bs.  Now I know.  It's nice to know.  At least she cared enough to protect my unborn siblings even if she didn't care enough to protect me.  Just sharing to get it out of my head for now and in case anyone else was an only child for the same reason.  
My first relationship took place in the 9th grade. I was 14, nearly 15 and dated a 17 year old man from an abusive household. He isolated me from my friends, from my family, and from my interests. He even went so far as to convince me that he had impregnated me with a demon baby (which sounds crazy, but I was young and still figuring out my religious beliefs). The first time we hung out he stuck my iPod down his pants and made me get it out. I had never even made out with someone. And he wanted me to stick my hand in his pants. I told him no, he forced me anyways. He told me that he loved me. He raped me. He forced me to give him head by pinning my arms to my bed, unzipping his pants, and jamming it into my closed mouth. Once, he came knocking when my parents were away and I didn't answer because I was in the shower and didn't hear him. He also called me 14 times. I eventually heard him, but only because he was trying to bust down the front door. His efforts left a crack in the doorframe that exists to this day. I told my parents that someone must have tried to rob the house and we just didn't notice it before. Once, he brought me to his friend's house and chased me with a wet towel, hitting me until bruises covered my body. He laughed. His friends didn't stop him. I cried. Once he brought me a subway sandwich from work that he had respectability gotten from the garbage and brought it to my parent's house. He told me to eat it. I refused because I hated mustard and he knew that. He responded by telling me to "eat it bitch." I still refused. He grabbed me by the neck and slammed me against my bedroom wall, knocking a painting from its nail with my head. He chocked me until I couldn't feel my hands. Until I couldn't feel myself anymore. I thought that he would kill me. I ate the sandwich. He called me names. He told me I was dumb. He told me I was pathetic. He told me I was a cunt, a bitch, a dumbfuck. Once my friend came up to me in the courtyard when we were playing hackey sack in a big group and said "M., I really need to talk to you." He grabbed my arm and told me that "you better not." I tried to yank free, he held fast. I yanked again. He finally let go and screamed "good luck you fucking bitch." I talked to my friend. And then spent the rest of the day in tears because I was afraid he didn't want to date me anymore. Eventually, I gave him the ultimatum after a year of dating. I told him that he could either treat me like a human being, or leave. I couldn't handle it anymore. He texted me at 3'oclock that morning to break up with me. Texted me. I wailed. Out loud. Like a dog. How could he? How could he leave me after I was so nice to him? After all I suffered? My dad still makes fun of me for that night to this day. My dad will never know the truth. At one point, his mother caught us having sex. She sent him out of the room and asked:Did he rape you? I answered no. Looking back, I realize how odd this question is. What mom asks their son's girlfriend if he raped her before any other question? Like...what the hell are you doing with my son? She told my mom like a responsible adult and we were never to be alone together again. I knew that this wouldn't be upheld. My mom promised never to tell my dad about the sex, which I am thoughougly grateful for. But she felt like I had done something terrible and the secret ate her up. She began to drink late into the evening. Then she would wake me up, scaring the shit out of me, and whisper violently in my face about how I might ruin their entire marriage because of the secret. How stressed she was. How wrong it was for me to "fuck" my boyfriend at my age. I apologized. The day after we broke up, he called to give ME an ultimatum: I take him back or he kills himself with the gun he is holding in his hand. I take him back. My parents are against this decision, but they are also good parents. They had no idea that any of this stuff was going on. They thought I was going through a teenage phase. My mom just thought I was a whore. My mom did say that in order for us to continue dating we would have to have a meeting with his mom. This meeting never happened. The breakup occurred during the last weeks of summer before my sophomore year in high school. When I got to school, we had the same Spanish class. My teacher assigned seats alphabetically and so I was forced to sit next to him for the entire year. I cried every day, all day throughout the entire class as he cheated from my tests and my homework. He raped one of my friends at knife point in the back seat of his car. She was institutionalized. He was brought to court. I refused to bear witness to his previous crimes with me. I will never forgive myself for this. Then he dropped out. Life was great. I got an awesome boyfriend who I loved my junior year and the beginning of my senior year. He was the first person that I told. There were rumors floating around the school that I was a crazy bitch in bed. These originated from a notebook that he passed around detailing our sexual acts. He liked to pour candle wax on my body. It hurt and made me cry. But I always kept my mouth shut. My later boyfriend heard these rumors and asked me about them. For the first time in forever I sat down and told someone everything. He let me cry for hours. He let me moan in his arms as my body trembled. He was kind. He helped me through it. I am forever in his debt. I still love that kid. During my freshmen year of college, I found out that he worked at a local grocery store. I saw him there. I started having flashbacks. Once, I almost drove off the road after picking up bread for my parents. He was choking me again. But he wasn't there. All that I have left from him is a scar from the time that I burned his initials into my arm with incense to show him that I loved him. He laughed. He liked it though. I sought professional help once, and never returned. These events have complicated all of my relationships. I am worried that I will never find love without dealing with these problems professionally. I wish that I had someone to help me deal with them. Someone who might understand that I might be a bit crazy sometimes. But I don't. And so I will face this alone with a heavy heart. Some nights are tougher than others. Dating is the most stressful thing in my life because my mind has created a false dichotomy between dating-dependence and single-independence. I can't seem to find a middle ground that doesn't stress me out and make me want out quickly. Any sign that my mate may be controlling causes me to lock my heart away. I want to stop doing this. I will stop doing this. And I will find out how to stop doing this. I am now a junior in college. I am ready to find a life companion. I am ready to move past these difficulties once and for all. 
http://imgur.com/M3qsVjnA memory in my childhood when I had witnessed this moment in time and knew it would stick with me for a long time. In that moment I had written down what had happened to me and that memory never seemed to leave my mind. It is censored so only a few words which I wanted to share are visible. This is an art project.
The cycle is probably familiar to lots of you: feel angry at the abusers and blame them for screwing up aspects of your life (in my case, my attempts to complete a degree), then feel angry at yourself for blaming anyone else and thus avoiding responsibility. Has anyone had any success in breaking out of this? Is there a way to acknowledge that you were wronged without dwelling on it? I know we're all responsible for our own recoveries, but it's tough when someone else has had a hand in your predicament. Any thoughts? One other thing I'm particularly wondering is whether it's okay to think of yourself as a "better person" than the abusers and thus gain positive feelings from that.(This is my first Reddit post ever, so I hope it's okay!)
Please don't think I am making this up. I never told this to anyone.   In spring 2015 at an absolutely random moment my memory returned to me and I remember how my then boyfriend tried to kill me. That day I got fevers and bad headache and spent about a month in bed sleeping all days. When I didn't sleep I was mulling that memory over. One part was that I knew I always knew it, one part was how could I forget it? It was as if I just cut access to the memory while I knew it was there. At some point I felt like I could mull that memory into something it was not, so I sat down and wrote it into detail, and all that I could find that led to it and all that I could find that helped me escape that. I found that the real memories "look different" than fake ones (real ones can be sort of observed into small details). The text could probably become a novel if I could write, and it was very painful to write it.  In short, what happened - I worked at a university in research in one of the classical natural science disciplines, I was couple years younger than I should have been for that position. I got the insight into the politics behind (for professors to be "removed" it was enough to create a rumor against them, no matter if it was true - they had to be removed either way to keep the university reputation intact). I worked in a quite famous group at that time, that meant that virtually no one cared about the work, it was just 80 people trying to get the best possible line in their CVs to get to Oxford later on. At that time I already considered myself without family. I ran from home at age of 16 but I still occasionally kept in touch with parents until my 21. This happened when I was 22.  No one really knew about my background since people in science are supposed to be sort of noble - I was a village girl from a country that is frowned upon in Europe. When I started university I believed that when I work way way harder than anyone else, my nationality and my family won't matter any more, because the point will be the work that I can contribute with. That fell apart in that research group since I realized that even in top universities no one cares about the actual work.  Also there was the feeling that you can be wiped out anytime, just when anyone decides to. Because I didn't have family or homeland (effectively) I didn't really have a "solid point" in my life. Because of that every threat seemed deadly and I was very susceptible to anything.  I was living with someone (the same line of work as me) and I believed him absolutely. I sort of didn't know what was too much because there was no "I".  One day I came back home from university and he hypnotized me? I don't know how to put it. He was talking to me for what must have been some hours because in the meantime it got dark outside. I "woke up" standing in the window about to jump.   I sort of separated "his voice in my head from my own voice" (I believe the hard work of getting to understand very difficult concepts I did at university gave me the ability to do this), it felt like stopping something from spilling all over the place. I got back inside and ran away from the flat. I didn't know any other places (or people) so I ran to the university hoping I will figure something out. There I ran into two guys I knew. I told them what happened hoping for help but they made impressed faces at each other and one then said "Your boyfriend is a true man. This is the dream of all of us - to manipulate a girl so that she'd go and kill herself. You are very lucky. Go home." And I went home. Next morning I woke up and didn't remember anything. From then on I'd have nightmares every night where my boyfriend was trying to kill me. I was looking it up in dream interpreters, I had no idea it had literal meaning. But I was waking up more and more tired, I was getting paranoid, I was getting petrified when someone wanted to have small talk with me and I found out my boyfriend started telling people at the university that I was insane and terrorizing him which kind of went well with how I looked like at that time. I left myself. Maybe I shouldn't have because even my professor came to me once and asked me if my boyfriend was treating me okay. I genuinely answered that yes of course.  That happened 4 years ago. Probably the worst thing when I was writing that text about it was then I realized that the guy didn't choose me randomly and that I had a history of abuse before that and I forgot that too. I think my father abused me when I was little, but I don't know - I cannot "look at it".  Since I left I have been working the low end jobs as cleaner, cook, gardener or bus attendant - I got into this catch 22. If what I say I can do were right, I wouldn't be looking for a job. People in science always stay at universities or research institutes so the "credit" about the quality of the education never sees the light of the day. To employers, I was a college graduate who did fuck-all for X years and was delusional about own capabilities. I had some office jobs too, in programming, but it my managers were treating me worse than a piece of flesh - after all, "if I was any good, I wouldn't be working in their company". I always concluded it is better to be a cleaner.  People also look down on me in personal relationships and I found out the hard way that people don't take it well when they are forced by experience to accept they were wrong about someone in this way, and instead of admitting their mistake they will try to destroy that person.  To people from most western countries I am the parasite from a bad bad country where we are not human at all. It is probably similar to the way some US people treat Mexicans. In my many jobless days I dug into ways EU works and had to admit to myself that EU is supposed to work like this - the east is supposed to work jobs for next to nothing so that a few people in the west are getting richer. I don't mean to complain or incite a political discussion, I want to illustrate the point where I am: The people where I was born are convinced it is right and that they were born to have crappy lives. Every setback one encounters in life is meant to be attributed to the nationality, or for women, to nationality and gender. It's something like mind slavery. Everyone is supposed to give up and just accept it, and once you try to do something else, things get very bad for you since everyone is so tortured that their only mission in life is to get anyone else to be "below them".  But it's my official "homeland". The place where people call me to go back to when I am looking for a job.  I don't consider myself a fail, I don't hate my life but I think it's wrong to give in. I kind of feel my life is still on the line, that if someone decides to wipe me out it will happen and there is no place for me to get helped. Many men were mocking me that I will become a hooker because there will be no other option for me to make a living. Other men who had jobs I was qualified for told me that they could give me the job but it's better for them to watch me lose everything and then watch me begging to be saved, at which point they'll marry me.   I decided to kill myself the moment any of these will be to happen. I have started to practice with cutting my wrist because I am absolutely sick of it but I might need to be able to do that without giving it much thought. I am just absolutely not going to be a hooker.   But I think I have to do something. I feel like the years of defeat are eating my intelligence. As if the image that other people put on me somehow started to turn to reality. It changed me, it's not that I forgot facts but that it gets much harder not to just fulfill other people's expectations because for anything else, a punishment comes.  The problem I need to solve is this pattern that keeps repeating to me. I was seeking guidance couple of times before in my life, but the only thing people were willing to give was an advice in exchange for accepting a position of no value. It will sound absolutely crazy, whenever I told any of this to someone they went no contact because "this is not happening".  Some two years ago I was searching the internet because of some problems I was having and I found a blog about psychoanalysis. There were lively personal discussions in the comments, I joined. It was the first time in my life I didn't feel like talking to a wall. Later I got an office job that paid about 70% of minimum wage and my boss would do things like look at my boobs as I was speaking and then he would giggle and say "sorry I was distracted, could you please repeat that" and like that over and over again so I was looking to get out, when another person from those blog discussions reached out to me and offered me a job of gardener in their villa in a country on another continent. It wasn't a scam, they are very rich and had a garden in a very bad condition, but while I worked there I realized the whole point was to get a person without family and a "solid sense of self" isolated in distant country and sort of brainwashed them so that these people would get 100% loyal workers for their kind of ethically borderline business - the author of the blog was one of these workers. When I met him live he made me have sex with him because "I owed him a payment" for the time he spent talking to me on his blog.  What I did in that gardening job was that I taught myself to lie (I'd go to the city randomly being angry at people in shops when I didn't feel like that etc - I never really lied before and I found out my shoulders get stiff when I try to lie so that a careful person would notice it so I needed to get myself used to it) and I scammed my way out of there.  So I survived many things. I think I used hard work to sort of silence my issues, now I feel it's not right to do that anymore. That I should face it or it will jump at me when I don't expect that. But the pattern is still there. Whenever I ask for help, a punishment comes. I can have as much self-worth as I can, but as long as I am the only person who thinks so, what is it for? And I do feel like the world works against me, not because anyone would be targeted against me in particular but because of the way I was born people consider it right to treat me like that. I guess I need a community but I am absolutely scared of people. It feels now once again as if something was spilling all over the place in me.     Fellow survivors, how did you get over this? (I am jobless again and my self-paid basic insurance doesn't cover mental health so I cannot get a therapy)    EDIT: Thank you if anyone read it.
When I was 5 a boy touched my vagina in the back seat of a bus. I cried when I went home but I didnt tell anyone for a year. I told someone and they believed me. He moved out of the town soon. When I was a little older a 65 year old friend of the family told me I was his girlfriend. He told me someday I would have a boyfriend who would love me again. I told him ok. I didnt know what that meant. I dont know if anything else happened I cant remember.When I was 12 I always touched boys legs. I called them knees . I wouldnt let them touch me though. I didnt think it was right but they had me on a schedule in the library and told me this was how it had to be.When I was 13 a boy fingered me with his brother in the car. He told me it was ok. He told me I was pretty. He didnt htink I was pretty. Everyone knew. People looked at me. Someone told me that I "shook hands" with too many people and apparently that was a euphamism. I hated myself.When I was 15 my karate teacher told me I was beautiful. He sweetly bought me oreos. He told me he shouldnt tell me I was pretty because I was too young for him. He told me other people told him to stop paying special attention to me. He texted me a hundred times a day. I felt so special. I had such a crush on him. He told me he loved me. I believed him. He told me he wanted me. I let him. When he made me walk 10 miles to his house I thought it was ok. When he fucked me in his car I thought it was ok. when he made me think I was crazy for remembering things he had said that "never happened" I believed him. He made me lie to everyone I loved. He made me blow him. He told me I wasnt important. He told me I wasnt beautiful. He told me I was never going to be loved again. He told me so many things. I didnt know what to do. He told me he didnt care if people found out beccause jail was just a place with a bed and free health care. He told me no one would care if I died. THe day after I lost my virginity while my parents were in chicago he didnt talk to me at all, even after I called him crying, over and over and over again. He told me he was going to teach me the difference between making love and fucking. He didnt. He taught me what it meant to be under total control. He told me he owned me. He broke my heart and told me to tell no one. When I todl people no one belived me. No one cared. He was right. When I tried to move on he started texting me a hundred times a day, suicidal love notes. Telling em that no one would ever love me like he could. He drove around ym house at night. I didnt know if I would ever be safe again. He hasnt talked to me in a while but I am always afraid. I dont think he thinks about me ever. I think about him all th etime. I think it is ruining ever relationship I try to be in. I just need to tell someone. No one understands. I try to talk about it. I try so hard to think its not my fault. I had such a crush on him. I loved him so much. I cant stop thinking it is my fault.I am in a new relationship and its been 3 years since I was intimate with him. I still think about him every day. I still think about him every time I have sex.Now I am 19 and I hatemyself so much. Sex doesnt feel safe. Nothing feels safe. I feel so bad for my boyfriend because I have these breakdowns for no reason all the time and I cant stop. I think those are my fault too, like I could just stop any time. I dont know why I cant stop.. I dont know what to do.
Who's father ruined them before any man could get close.I'm not a victim, I am a survivor. I may not be ready to fill face my demons head on but I will overcome them.
Is getting over grudges an ongoing process or something that can be accomplished all at once. I ask this question because I was able to heal a few grudges by just venting my disgust at someone. I don't want to any sympathy because I know that plenty of people have had a much harder life than myself but I was not very popular back in high school and struggled to make friends. There were a few people back in high school who I befriended and they betrayed me once they got a little bit more popular. These former friends started making fun of me in mixed company for the amusement of others. The sheer treachery of if all made me hate them and because of that, I have no desire to see anyone of them ever again.Then one day I was with someone and I started talking about my time in high school. I vented all my feelings of disgust about how I was treated. I got everything off my chest and then I suddenly came to peace with it; I felt liberated.My question was listen above. I got over how I was treated in high school by exercising the demons of hate and I was able to move on with my life. There have been other things that have made me hold grudges that I can't exactly make peace with and I'm wondering if I should just do the same thing and vent to someone or just try to overcome it on my own with time. Please give me your thoughts.
I'm only 26 but almost half of my life has been melded with my  (ex!) abuser. We began dating in high school but the control began within the first week. Countless people have had it worse than me but for now this really sucks. I got out two months ago, and I have my parents and boss. They are great but its scary making me own decisions for the first time since 14. The worst thing I'm dealing with is absolutely no self-esteem. I haven't been able to take care of myself physically, put sheets on my bed, unpack my bags, do my school work, clean out my car, exercise, take my medication, spend money on things I need, or go to support groups I desperately need because I don't feel like I'm worth the effort. Physical - Did you know that when you have skin cancer and endless biopsies it's really hard to hide cigarette burns? They just kind of blend in. I finally admitted to the dermatologist (and myself) what they were and she's helping with my scarring and nerves. I've also been strangled, raped, slapped, punched, bruised, and more countless times. I hate that I'll always have physical scars from him, at least all but one are on my back so I don't have to look at them. Verbal - Useless, unlovable, unwanted, disgusting, lazy, hated, horrible, coward, bully, abusive, and more daily for 14 years. I cannot believe I listened and took those words to heart for so long. Emotional - I wasn't been allowed to attend college for the 9 classes to finish my bachelor's degree because I may cheat. I was only been allowed to work with all women and I've still been accused of cheating. I wasn't been allowed friends except for his and only when he is there to supervise. I wasn't been allowed to see my family because they were wary of him. I have no clue how to begin creating a social life. It takes so much effort just to survive at a somewhat functional level. However, this month is better than last month. Next year will be better than this year. I'm allowed to take time to pick myself up and put the pieces back together how I want to arrange them. 
When my husband was about 20 years old (before I met him), he was in a "relationship" with a married woman who was about 26. She emotionally manipulated him with sex and drugs. I believe that she essentially emotionally and sexually abused him, even if he thought it was consensual.What resources are there for help in this situation? I know therapy is important, but I haven't been able to convince him yet. And everything I find online is more focused on men who were abused as children, nothing about a man being abused as an adult.
So I'm really stuck my fellow redditors.I had a pretty sub-par upbringing, some sexual assault when I was a child among a much larger narrative. Eventually I went to a charity to help me with my past history, as well as to try and change my future path - it wasn't headed anywhere pretty.The Charity was great, and helped me a lot, except for the fact that the founder of the charity sexually abused me. I gave my life story to many tv shows including 60 Minutes, Today Tonight, 7:30 report to name just a few (Australian here) - My story helped the charity garner supporters and donations at a time when they were at risk of going under.It took me quite a long time before I felt that it was worthwhile coming forward and sharing my story, and it was only the thought that it was happening to someone else that I decided it was worth doing something about. I was angry at the way the charity handled my situation, from my point of view, they attempted to throw me under the bus. I battled the court case with very little support. The founder was found not guilty in court, but the charity advised that they believed me, and that the founder wouldn't have anything further to do with young people. At the end of the day, it not happening to anyone else was my biggest concern - so Mission accomplished there I guess.Eventually, I wanted to help the charity again, So I started offering to help, and was invited to the recent 30th anniversary of the charity from the CEO. I accepted and was planning on going. Apparently though the invitation has been rescinded by the board, because they are worried about questions being asked when I am around potential new donars.WTF?What do I do? How do I deal with this? I'm fucking roppable at the moment, but feel powerless - this charity, and the founder, continues to make me feel powerless no mater what I do to try and give back and help or escape.I want to raize the organization to the ground again, I want to be the bigger person and walk away, I want to forget, I want to be nothing - I just want to not feel anything again.I feel like everything is out of my control again.
My abuser sent me a deluge of emotionally abusive texts on Wednesday. It felt like getting hit by a bus out of left field because I have had his number blocked, and I was just as disturbed by the content of the texts as I was confused as to how he was able to contact me in the first place. When I logged in to my phone's account I saw that I can only block numbers for 90 days, and after the block expires I need to manually re-enter and block those numbers again. This is not a daunting task in and of itself, however I took it as my service provider's subtile implication that "he deserves another chance after all. Are you sure you really want to block him?" I realize it's probably just my mind reacting defensively after trauma and therefore interpreting things as malicious intent when it's not. But then trying to research permanent blocks to numbers made me more upset, because they were only under the "parental control" section (as if no adult would need to stop another adult from contacting them ever) and it would cost extra on my bill. And I guess I'm upset at the implication that the onus is on me to either renew blocks every three months or pay to not have to do that. But I also get why domestic abuse is not a listed category for blocking numbers on a popular carrier's website. I'm sure there must be a legitimate, financial reason for the 90 day thing, and it's not just "you'll change your mind." So I'm hoping I can think more calmly if someone here knows why this is a thing and the angry/scared part of my brain can stop guiding my emotions about this.
Hi guys, I need your advice... I'm sorry this is quite long, i know I'm rambling a lot, but I just can't bring myself to write about this unemotionally...As long as I can remember my relationship with my family has been incredibly strained... I grew up in a family that was very emotionally distanced from each other. There was no showing of affection, rather it seemed more like we were random people who happened to live together. My father is a total workaholic who is very conscious of money (to the point were he told us showering twice a week was too expensive). As such, he was almost never home, that is, he went to work very early and came home very late, he then ate and afterwards went to bed. Basically we never really saw him (he did make quite a bit of money that way). He also worked on weekends. However, I always dreaded when he was on vacation, because he is also incredibly controlling and very quick to anger. What he says goes - always. And he gets angry about the smallest things... like once I'd cleaned the window of my room and it turned out you could still see some stripes in the sun I genuinely thought he was going to hit me. He gets really angry if someone forgets to turn the lights off, if someone accidently breaks something (even if its really cheap). Small things like that. He would also tell me to shut up when I was talking to other people, then take the conversation over himself. He also used to criticize us on what we said to other people, even with really minor things. Anyway, if you don't obey, or talk back at all, he gets scarily angry and physically intimidating really quick. Honestly, I was always glad when he wasn't there. He also has a very big ego - several times, he's  said that other people should just shut up and stop having a different opinion than him because he is always right anyway. He actually made someone he'd just met cry once. He can be incredibly arrogant and condescending - at the same time, he can't take any criticism at all, and nothing is ever his fault. If someone mentions positive character traits people can have (in general) he'll immediately go "that's me" - even if it's so far off the mark it's just... incredible. He often used to tell me I didn't deserve to eat his food. He's also generally very loud quickly - once when I didn't answer quickly enough because I didn't hear him, he started yelling so loudly that I literally fell off the bed and actually broke my leg (amongst other injuries). He then got angry at me about it. I had to make up some story about falling at the doctor's. My mother is... something else. She generally does what my father wants, and she even idolizes him to a point where she keeps telling people what a great husband she has. His own mother told her some thirty years ago that "any other woman would've run off years ago" but that doesn't seem to matter to her. It's almost like some weird sort of hero worship. My sister and me is a different matter - my sister is older than me, and has always been her favorite child, whereas I was the one who was "no good" and was blamed for everything going wrong, even things that obviously couldn't have been my fault. Anyway, mother never hesitated to tell me how stupid and useless I am, and my sister often chimed in (it's strange, somehow I feel my sister always felt better about herself and closer to my mother after doing so, even though she didn't show either of us real affection. It was like they bonded over this. my sister even really picked up on the humiliation: she'd tell me things like "you're so ugly, how can you even stand leaving the house, etc). Mother threw pretty much everything at me over the years: that I am stupid, useless, have a horrible character, laughed about the way my face looks, that I should be glad I have them because no one could ever like me, etc. There was just so much that I can't even remember most of it. And when I started crying she'd laugh and say things like "aww look, she's crying again" and if my sister was there, they'd laugh together and mock me. I was actually a little overweight for some time (food was comforting) and mother said, while I was eating breakfast "are you eating again? you're getting fatter every day! (she actually said "fressen", but there really is no good way to translate this, but it does not mean a human eating, but rather an animal, sort of like "eating like a pig", only worse). I stopped eating for 30 days and only drank water, at which point I wasn't overweight anymore and I started eating again because my teeth were becoming loose. She'd also quite randomly come up to me and say thing like "you never show any emotions for us, you don't even have a heart", because I was just really quiet and preferred not to talk to anyone. I usually just went up to my room and hid. When I ask her why she says things like that, she'll say something like: "just wanted to show you how weird you are". On the other hand, she expects me to comfort her, and when I don't she gets upset and blames me, and says i am cold-hearted. When i was a teenager and my sister's budgie died (it was horrible to look at, he'd cramped badly before he died) she called me over and said "you take him out of the cage, you're so cold it doesn't matter to you, after all". When our dog got sick they blamed me (even though the doc said it wasn't my fault, it actually wasn't a sickness he got from an outside source), it even went so far that my sister didn't talk to me for half a year (we still lived together), except to tell me how horrible I am. To this day my sister will either completely ignore me or insult me if she's in a bad mood. My mother used to tell me to "shut up" when I opened my mouth to say something, then laugh about her great timing.There are also NO boundaries. If I say something like: "please don't do that, I don't like it" they'll do it anyway, but they'll also laugh about it. My sister, for example, keeps touching me without permission (though my mother will to some extent also do this), things like tugging my shirt up to look at my stomach (she knows I am uncomfortable about my body, and she has always told me I am "too fat, and this has ultimately resulted in me becoming underweight - she was still telling me I'm fat-, which a doctor was very concerned about). They drink out of my glass even though I hate it - then say "oh, I thought you were joking". When I actively stop them from doing something, they get angry and tell me I'm overreacting. My sister went through my sex toys (which she took out of my wardrobe - in my presence!!! I told her not to and she just kept pushing me aside - then got my mother to look at them. They didn't even care I was totally humiliated. My sister once pointed a gun at me, and mocked me when I froze up in fear. Turned out the gun didn't even work anymore, but how the hell was I supposed to know? I'd never even seen one before. There is so much more, but a lot of my childhood and teenage years are also strangely blurred. But I do know that I hid in my room a lot, which often wasn't really allowed either - my father doesn't like locked doors, and he once completely removed the lock for a short time. But he'd always be on my case about it. On the other hand, they would just barge in without knocking.Basically, I am told to take everything and anything, and never complain (from my sister too, she orders me around the same way my parents do). And if I'm not there for them, I am cold and ungrateful and generally a horrible person. They also still treat me like a child, nothing has changed (I'm 29). I don't really feel like my own person...And there are other things that are weird: my parents are really fond of the rules they make, but only my sister and I need to keep them. Well, my sister can sometimes get away with not following them. But the "rules" are often arbitrary, things like there are three kinds of bread laying around, but you may only eat one of them unasked, and you are automatically supposed to know which one it is. They controlled what I was allowed to eat, wear, do, etc... Any kind of initiative usually was not allowed. Also, there were some things only I wasn't allowed to do. For example, I wasn't allowed to eat as much food as anyone else (I wasn't overweight at the time). Going out with friends was not allowed (she even mocked me for asking, then said "no way! something might happen to you"). When I told them I'd do it anyway they'd say things like "then we'll change the lock while you're gone" (mother used to say "i can't wait till you're seventeen and I can finally throw you out!" don't ask me why seventeen). Or they'd say "we'll bring your cat to the shelter while you're gone and make sure you never see her again"... Anyway, I don't know if I'm really overreacting and "too sensitive", as they've always told me, but I hated my childhood (and i still do). I spent much of it wishing I was somewhere else, anywhere else. I had shitty grades, because I couldn't bring myself to care about school. I only wanted to die. But my parents got really angry about my grades, so I was also somewhat scared of school (also I was bullied for some years - being threatened to be beat up, my p.e. clothes ending up in the loo, things like that - but looking back, I never once defended myself and I was an "odd" daydreamer, I was the perfect target really). Teachers used to tell me i was too stupid for that school. I finally got my Abitur (it's German - I believe it's somewhat equal to an associate's degree?), which is the highest education you can have in Germany apart from university, and my mother was all "well, anyone can do it. dont think you aren't useless. in fact, don't think you'll move out for uni (it was automatically assumed I'd enroll), because you've never accomplished anything and you never will. you are a loser" My sister too kept saying she'd always be better than me and earn more money (she's really into status and money). They said if I left I would never be welcomed back.Which is pretty ironic since my mother is very controlling of me: she says she's "concerned" and that she would call to check up on me every few days. When I said I didn't want this, she laughed and said "that's too bad, if you don't answer i'll just come to your place, or call the police and tell them to check on you" She knows I am a very private person and would hate that! Basically they are allowed to disown me, but I am not allowed to say I want less contact. She also says it's my own fault if I get sexually harassed because I dress "like a slut" (which I do not, I hide under so many layers it's pretty astonishing). My mother "only worries" and wants to "protect me". She laughs when I say I don't want to be controlled like that. To some extent, she does it to my sister as well - she feels totally entitled to having such a say in our life choices that she once kept harassing, screaming, insulting, etc, for weeks my sister for weeks over her boyfriend (she didn't like him), so much so that my sister told her to leave her alone (she was always battling for mother's affection, it felt like, so this was surprising).The things is, to be honest... I know I am supposed to, since they are my family, but I really don't like these people. I do feel attached to them, and I spent years hoping we could somehow miraculously become "better", but it's just not happening, they don't care about my feelings or any boundaries I try to set, and I feel totally broken at this point. And every time I talk to them I can just feel what little energy I have being sapped immediately. My father says i shouldn't listen to these things, that "they don't matter", but how the hell am I supposed to just not care about being hurt? It feels like I am constantly waiting to be stabbed in the back. I mean, they're not always like that, sometimes we can have OK small talk (even though it irritates me how bigotted they are - anyone who isn't them is *lesser* and to be mocked). I just feel like such a wreck. I've been to a clinic for severe depression (and it was better being away from them) boy, did they love that. Mother said I was saying "bad things" about them, even though my doctors several times reminded me it wasn't my job to defend my family. She said people only believed me because I was a liar. My sister said I was a "psycho", that all depressed people are, and asked me if i was planning to kill them now. Mother said things like "you're lying, you can't be depressed, only smart people get depressed".To be honest, I often just wish I never had to see these people again... but if I break off contact, I KNOW they will come to my new place and demand to be let in (in Germany, it is impossible to hide your adress from anyone) and they really will call the police and my landlord and so on. They said "well, you would be scared if your cat had run off too, wouldn't you?" Mother wants to "start over", but she hasn't really accepted that anything went wrong in the first place. it feels like she just wants me to shut up about being hurt. Then she says things like "I love you so much, I'd go crazy if something happened to you" and she gets upset if I won't say anything to this, and say things like "you don't love me at all, do you? would you even be sad if I died?" although once she noticed I was actually suicidal some years ago, when I was around 16, and I, stupidly thinking I would get help, told her I was worried I'd kill myself, she said "well then don't just talk about it, do it already!" I started up substance abuse shortly after (not drugs, medications, and as self harm).What am I supposed to do? I feel wrong around them, but I've never really had anyone either... I don't want to always be alone. :/ I've never really had a friend or someone I could trust... (my family doesn't keep any friends or contacts, and I was an outsider at school) I just feel like no one will ever like me, and if someone does, I will probably not believe it anyway and run away. I've also never had any sexual contact (I'm 29) - I just hate my body so much, it actually disgusts me and I feel like vomitting when I look in the mirror... I just wish I knew what to do. Other people are always so shocked when they hear someone doesn't have any contact with their family, but I don't know how to go on like this... I just don't know... I feel so empty all the time and like I can't trust my own perceptions... I am actually afraid of people... do you think I am over-reacting? Was this abuse? Maybe I am just too sensitive... I cry a lot, feel like every criticism is an attack that hurts a lot and I have panic attacks and migraine a lot... And my mother didn't have it easy either, her father beat her up ever since she was two, and her mother is just something else. A horrible person, who always told her "girls aren't important anyway", and blamed her for getting sick, and now says things like "only we know what love is, the world out there doesn't, only our love is real" (never mind my grandfather fell over and she thought he had a stroke, and she left him laying on the carpet for hourse because she "hadn't vacuumed the carpet")... and my parents are also annoyed at me because I don't want any contact with her.Well, if anyone made it this far, thanks for reading this incredibly long thing and I'd love any adivce... Thanks! (I cried while writing this, I'm such a wimp)EDIT: God, this is LONG and rambly. I'm sorry, I'm trying to edit it a bit...Edit 2: I forgot... my mother also admits "some things went wrong, and there were misunderstandings"... but she blames everything on me. She says I was just "too difficult" (I did sometimes also scream at her, usually "just leave me alone", but I only did it every few months or so, while she said things to me every day. She says we are a normal family and I am just too crazy to know any better... but my doctors said I am not, and that depressed doesn't mean "crazy".
He was always very aggressive and would forget about his violence. He also lied about numerous serious things that have negatively effected me. I have been terrified of him for most of my life and so has his exes.He was addicted to IV speed. He neglected my animals after I and my mother left. He tortured me, literally, for years, using military techniques. He also never ever told me what happened with my real mum's ex husband and I when I was little. I knew. He told me that I lied. My real mother confirmed to me that it was true. Sexual abuse. Now, stepmum left and he hasn't bathed for over a year, nor washed clothes. he left my old cat to die from malnutrition. He is very depressed and suicidal. I don't know if I can cut him out... But I need to. Please advise.Tl Dr; dad abusive for most of life. Now he's depressed I dunno if I can cut him out.Please note I'm on application for reddit and thus can't flair it unless told how..
It is truly hard to believe that every few years or so I am contacted by someone to retell my story of sexual abuse at the hands of a Rabbi, yes a Rabbi. This time, just days ago, it came from an author for the New York Times. It's as if the powers that be feel the need to remind me in some way that this is part of who I am and is neither over, nor a closed chapter in my life.  I have never correlated my eating with this event in my life, but I can honestly say that since this has reared its ugly head again sugar has been really really hard to avoid.  So in addition to being off my feet for quite a while and unable to wear normal shoes for 4-6 weeks (BTW surgery on feet went well), I have to fight my sugar addiction and cravings while sitting around with little better to do than eat.  I know this is going to be a struggle, but I know somehow I will PERSEVERE.My story originally written I think in 2004-6 appeared in a blog by Luke Ford who was doing investigative reporting and writing regarding this individual. I wish I could forget everything because it would be so much easier and there are even more details that come back at times that may not be specifically mentioned below, but it is a snapshot of my memories.  No one understands what this man took from me and so many simply don’t believe.  So much of my life and energy wasted actively trying to be heard.  I didn’t wait until years later to reveal what happened, as many do. I spoke out in 1986 right after it happened, and so few would even listen let alone accept it as truth.  I continued to tell my story, continued to cry out for help on so many levels and so little was done.  I was shuffled around and told to keep quiet even by those who knew the truth.  No one wanted to believe that this could happen in the Rabbinate. Are Rabbis not human?My recollections appear below;  I don’t know how much ANOTHER article about this sociopath is going to do in the scheme of things.  The problem is that SOMETHING needs to be done. He needs to be STOPPED, to be put away, and held accountable for all of those he has hurt over the past 30+ years.  I’d love to be believed, to be in someway “compensated for my pain and suffering,” but I don’t believe there is enough money or regret available in this world to feel a true sense of vindication and closure.  That has to come from me, and for the most part it has. But every few years this all pops up again and is brought to the forefront of my thoughts and emotions – and it all returns just as raw as it was 30 years ago.  Maybe if the story is published in a highly reputable newspaper something will come of it, but honestly I have lost all hope in this realm.I am happy to tell my story and will answer any further questions anyone may have if only with the hope that the right influential person will be asking it.  A strong article is just that, a strong article.  Since I wrote my story this man has transfigured himself countless times throughout numerous “branches” of Judaism and other spiritual paths – I am at a point in my life where I have accepted the fact that this man is just untouchable.  A charismatic leader who can fool anyone at anytime.  I’m sure he could convince even me that he has “changed”.  I hope the New York Times article is read by individuals who are willing to see a reality that exists and challenge it face on. I asked the NY Times journalist for permission (not that it was needed, but I felt it respectful) to post this on my blog because I did not want to start any ball rolling before it was ready to roll. This man has left an insane timeline of victims from NY to FL to Israel to UT to CA. and who the hell knows where else over the past 30+ years.  I don't know if anything will be different this time around, but since my hope has already basically been broken I am not expecting anything.  Here is my story as recalled in 2004 that was published in the aforementioned blog:"The overwhelming exhaustion that has washed over me from existing as a victim for the past eighteen years has ultimately been my silencer. Any remaining strength is channeled into the necessary tasks of parenting and daily survival. I will no longer be a victim.The better part of my childhood was spent lost and invisible. My earliest recollections are of pleading to an unnamed supreme being.“Please,” I’d say, “I’ll do anything, anything at all if you’ll let her find me. I know she must be looking for me.”I’d scream and cry into my pillow at night. I remember waiting at the door. Anger was not an issue. If I was angry with anyone, it was the other “she”, the one who had taken me away. That was how my childhood psyche worked. Adoption was not a warm fuzzy word defined by “we really wanted you”. I read it as; the one person who truly mattered didn’t, couldn’t or was convinced not to.So, I kept searching for my mother, for someone to love me the way I needed to be loved.Along came Judaism, JPSY and my abuser - Mordechai.At that time, my family was in constant turmoil. My father had brushed with death far too many times. In 1985 he underwent his second open-heart surgery – a quadruple by-pass. I hit puberty and my emotions, hormones and home-life were in shambles.This man paid attention to me. He told me how intelligent and special I was. I spent many Shabbat lunches with him and his wife feeling like I had finally found a family. I began keeping kosher and abiding by the laws of modesty. Mordechai had awarded me JPSYer of the Year. My sadness and isolation at home had me frustrated and doing poorly academically. I asked Mordechai if I could live with he and his wife. At the time I was hoping for a more permanent arrangement, but we agreed on taking things one week at a time. I had just turned sixteen when I moved in with them the first time.The week went by rather uneventfully with one exception. I awoke one evening from a disturbing dream. It was maybe midnight and I heard someone awake upstairs. I decided to get some milk and try to relax and think. I soon realized it was Mordechai who was awake. He heard me in the kitchen and asked me to talk to him. When I approached the study, Mordechai was in his robe, preparing a shiur (lecture) on something.“Why are you still awake?” he asked me. “What’s wrong?”“Nothing” I said. “I just needed a drink.”“I can tell there is something wrong, talk to me.”“Really, it’s O.K.; I just had a bad dream. I am going back to sleep.”“You’ll never be able to sleep if you don’t tell me.”He wouldn’t give up. I felt trapped. Not physically mind you, but emotionally. I enjoyed talking and sharing with him because he listened, but the dream I had was strange, it involved me as a young child and the typical scenario of walking in on your parents’ lovemaking (in the dream he and his wife were my parents). In the past I had general dreams involving them as my parents. I didn’t want to share it. I wanted time to think about it. He wouldn’t take no for an answer. When I finally described my dream to him, he interpreted it as my being sexually attracted to him. I felt he was completely off base. I quickly changed the topic, and was able to return to bed.After the agreed upon weeks’ stay came to a close, my parents insisted I come back. So, much to my chagrin, I returned home. Things there went from bad to worse when my mother fell at work and was hospitalized with a broken hip. Now my mother was hospitalized and my father was trying to recoup from open-heart surgery. I felt helpless and lost. I couldn’t cope. I had no siblings and no family lived nearby. So off I ran – back to Mordechai, his wife, and the warmth and safety I felt there.This time however, it was very different. It was Tuesday evening after at school when he made his first trip into what was then my bedroom - the basement. It was very late and I had already been asleep when the door opened. From the door, he said, “You look like you need a hug”. I pretended to remain asleep. He approached the bed and repeated himself. I still did not answer and conveniently I was turned away from him. My mind was racing. I was overwhelmed. I didn’t know what to say. I was shomeret negiah (abiding by the stringent Jewish laws prohibiting premarital touch). Why was he in my bedroom? Why was he asking to touch me at all? I knew it was wrong. He knew it was wrong – didn’t he? Certainly I needed a hug, I always needed a hug, but a hug from him was wrong. Wasn’t it? If it were so wrong, why would he have offered it? I could not keep up with the fears and questions flying around inside my brain.Before I could process them, react or respond he was sitting on my bed. I sat up to tell him “No, it’s O.K. I don’t need a hug. And why are you even offering?” when he put his arms around me. For a brief moment it felt good - like I was a little kid and my daddy was giving me a hug. Then I realized this was not right I tried to pull away but he held onto me and fell on top of me. He began touching me under my night-clothes. I said “No.” and tried to move his hand away. He kept fondling me. I said “No.” again and he stopped, abruptly stopped. It was the most bizarre thing.He rose from the bed, told me not to say anything about what happened because no one would understand. He promised me it wouldn’t happen again. And I believed him. I had to.Thursday was an early release day from school. I was emotionally exhausted and went straight downstairs for a nap. Mordechai was at the house. I thought that was odd – why was he not working? He tried to stop me, to talk again. I told him to leave me alone – I was tired and I needed rest.I had been asleep no longer than 30 minutes when Mordechai arrived in my room once again. Now he was in robe. He didn’t bother to knock. He stood at the door and said something to wake me. I startled. He arrogantly stated, “You know what you want.”“What?” I asked. I truly had no clue what he was talking about and why the hell was he in his robe in the middle of the day?“You know what you want. I will go out of this room and come back in. You just give me a sign.” He stepped out and closed the door.The shaking started again. What the hell should I do? What did he say? I was half asleep. I sat up in bed. I was fully clothed, under a thick blanket, warm and uncomfortable. I had layered my clothes so that my elbows would be covered. I removed one layer, completely covered myself up to my neck with the comforter and turned to stare at the wall hoping that he’d just not come back. I felt like such a child. I wanted him to love me, but not like this. I wanted to be their child, just start over with a new family who paid attention, cared and understood.Then he was there in my room, standing over me at my bedside in only his underwear. I had not even heard him come in the door. He laid down next to me and began touching me again, like he had previously. I said, “Mordechai, no, this is wrong.” It was as if he didn’t even hear me. I just shut down and let him do what he was going to do. He continued fondling me, took off all of my clothes and his. He positioned himself on top of me ready for intercourse.“When did you get your last period?” he asked. What a weird question. I wasn’t sure of the answer. I just made something up. “That’s no good.” He replied. “You know I could get you pregnant.” He seemed disappointed as he lay beside me. Mordechai took my hand and forced me to help him climax. I had never done anything like that before. I had never even seen a man naked. He ejaculated all over me. I felt horrible. When he was finished he stood abruptly.“Get cleaned up and come upstairs,” he ordered and left the room.I was now shaking so fiercely I could barely follow the instructions. When I finally ascended from the basement, he was waiting in the living room, in his typical starched white shirt and dark dress pants.“We are going for a walk,” he said.We walked around Flatbush for the better part of an hour. First he attempted to make me think that nothing ever happened; that it was all a figment of my imagination. When that didn’t work he tried to convince me that I would never be believed because he was a Rabbi and I was just a kid. Who was more credible? He asked rhetorically. He was still unsure that I was buying his argument so he moved on to threats. He would destroy my life. I would never learn in yeshiva, never get married, on and on. Now he had my attention. What was he capable of? I couldn’t be certain. But I knew one thing - I was scared. Emotionally destroyed, hating myself, and hating him, just wanted to disappear.He left me there at the house and headed toward Manhattan. I was alone in every sense of the word. I knew his wife would be home from work soon. I went to the kitchen, found the sharpest knife I could find and sat on the dining room floor screaming, crying and trying desperately to break the skin of my wrist with the blade. I had just made a few superficial cuts when his wife walked in.My gut instinct was that he had already told her some crazy story about me. She saw me there curled in ball on the floor crying. She didn’t even acknowledge my existence. Maybe she couldn’t. She just walked by and went into their bedroom. I knew I needed to tell someone. I called Susan (a JPSY advisor and friend) three or four times before I reached her.I went to school the next day in shock. I was due at Susan’s house for Shabbat later that evening. The evening before, I had told her briefly what had occurred. When I returned to his home after school to pack for Shabbat he was there. Again, he insisted I not tell anyone. He made me promise not to.The train ride to Susan’s house was surreal. I was crying and shaking all the way from Brooklyn to Queens. I had never been so confused. I desperately wanted to tell Susan everything that had happened but I was afraid.   I felt like I was drowning, like I could barely breathe.There were other girls there that Shabbat and I could not find the privacy necessary to continue discussing what had happened. I fell asleep crying, hoping that things could just go back to the way they had been only days before. When Motzei Shabbat arrived one of the other girls left and only one other JPSY teenager and I remained. I talked Susan’s ear off about nonsense until the other girl nodded off, and then I told her the details of what happened with Mordechai.  I was shaking like a leaf.It was then that Susan told me that she had already heard from Mordechai. He had called her prior to Shabbat “warning” her about my “delusional” stories, my emotional instability and attempting to compel her into allegiance. Susan diligently listened to the facts, my fears, and unequivocally assured me of her loyalty and confidence in my credibility. She told me that he had made inappropriate advances to her in the past. Susan was there for me through what would be the remaining eighteen months of hell. We were kids trying to figure out how to handle this trauma with no help or support from our parents or the community. I don’t remember much after that conversation.I do remember telling my parents with Susan by my side what had occurred. I remember how they blamed me since it was I who left the house to begin with. I remember the next year and a half of harassment and mental games. I clearly recollect the “camps” of people who believed what really happened and those who refused to. I remember the telephone calls at all hours of the evening – the hang-ups, the heavy breathing. Then the photos of naked men arriving at our home because Mordechai had taken out a personal add in a gay men’s magazine using our P.O. Box address as the return. I remember the Rabbis telling us to “let things go” and “move on”.   I remember the ridiculous meeting held at Yeshiva University at which I had to bare my soul to men I had neither previously met nor trusted.People keep telling me that times are different now. People will listen. Things will change. I don’t know. I want to believe that. I want to believe that he will be stopped. That he will no longer hurt anyone. All the talking, emails and articles seem empty to me.I am placing the truth out into the world once more and putting it formally into print. If this gives other young people the courage to speak out when they are betrayed, hurt or violated by an adult maybe something good will come out of this. Maybe others perpetrators will be stopped. Maybe community leaders will learn to take a stand on crucial issues before victims accumulate in silence, erupting unpredictably later in life with unified inner-strength and piercingly powerful voices. I won’t be silenced again. I’m no longer a victim, I have a voice."You can go online and read many positive things about this man, along with all the negative, and I cannot tell you what to believe.  This is an EXCERPT from the Wikipedia page about him:Sexual controversy[edit]has been accused of sexual improprieties in the media and online, dating back to the 1980s.[1][5] In 2006, accusations of a sexual relationships between (him) and three women who attended the Bayit Chadash spiritual center in Jaffa, which (he) opened in the late 1990s, were made public.[6] (He) responded by acknowledging relationships with some of the women.[5] However, (he) characterized the relationships as consensual, and bolstered his claim by posting polygraph test results on his website.[2][37] Due to the allegations, and (his) sudden[10][38] departure from Israel and the school days after they were made public, the spiritual center later closed.[39]Once in the United States, (he) sent a remorseful letter to his congregation, causing many of his former supporters to express regret.[38][40] (He) maintains that the letter was not an admission of fault or guilt but an attempt to cool the controversy.[41]In 2011, (he) was the subject of new allegations of sexual misconduct.[19] This caused Integral Life to announce that they were deleting (his) contributions from their site.[19] Also, Tami Simon, chief executive officer of Sounds True, canceled her publication of the (his) new book, "Your Unique Self," and issued a statement against (him).[42] The board of directors at Center for World Spirituality, an organization founded by (him) and which (he) is the CEO of, issued a statement of "Unequivocal Support" in (his) own defense,[43] and Warren Farrell also wrote a letter of support. Ken Wilber originally separated from Gafni,[44] but eventually reconciled with him and rejoined him at the Center for World Spirituality.[45] The book, "Your Unique Self," was ultimately published by Integral Publishers.[46]The epilogue of The Guru Question, by Mariana Caplan, who is the mother of Gafni's (his) youngest child, addresses the prevalence of sexual harassment complaints against spiritual teachers, and uses the complaints against (him) —which she categorizes as "false accusations" driven by a host of ulterior motives—as a case study how such complaints develop.[47]For the longest time I blamed myself.  Now I have a daughter that age.  I realize now more than ever that I was a victim.  But I can no longer live in that mindset, the mindset of a victim needs help to rebuild ego. Losing the weight helped a bit, coming back into my own, back to creative endeavors has helped as well. Maybe some of you struggling with weight loss are also struggling with a similar secret from your past or present.  I don't know how much help I can offer, but I can offer an ear and support and the advise to keep telling your story until you are heard.  It may be painful, but karma has a way of doing its job when the time is just right.Being that I will be off my feet for some time - I hope to get back to blogging more frequently.  I'd love to hear from anyone who reads my blog it helps me keep writing!
Apologies for the wall of text. I just had some things I needed to get off my chest.My mother passed early yesterday morning. She had been sick often this year, but this was still a shock. I wasn't there to say goodbye.As I sit here awash in grief and lamenting that the parent I hate outlived the one I loved, I am pretty hard-pressed to decide which of the two was more abusive.  And as I had begun to explore and process all of this in therapy, I started calling less. I saw less of her. I just... I thought I would have more time. I just thought that maybe, one day, I could develop a healthy relationship with her. That she could love and accept me for who I am, and not who she wanted me to be.And despite all of the things that she put my brother and me through, I never once questioned that she did it out of anything other than love. My mom was a very sick woman, and she was doing the best that she could with the tools she was given. But she was imprisoned in a cage of learned helplessness. She didn't think that escape was possible. That tends to happen to people who are beaten down -- literally and figuratively -- over and over and over again.When my mother's father passed, I felt mostly relief and some bitterness over the fact that it had taken him so long. I don't remember my Papa even before his illness as being a kind man. And went he got sick, he took so much from my mother and grandmother that there really wasn't much left over for us kids. And considering the emotional absenteeism of our father, Mom was all we had.I really, really do not want to be that angry kid who whines about how hard life is and how mean Mommy was to me. After all, I was fed, I was clothed, I got practically everything I asked for. My mother bent over backwards to make sure we were provided for financially, despite living far beneath the poverty line for most of my childhood.So I would much rather discount that the emotional and psychological hoops that we had to jump through on a daily basis mattered. It feels petty and ungrateful. But I can't just shake those things off. Those hoops warped, twisted, and robbed me of a lot of things: a stable sense of self, appropriate and healthy boundaries, inability to cope with reality, and many more.I haven't felt this desolate and hopeless since I was fifteen years old. I just want to lay down in this hole that's been dug for me and let the dirt slowly cover me. I don't want to go on, I'm tired. I'm tired of recovery, I'm tired of struggling, I'm tired of living. (Please let me be clear that I am not actively suicidal, but the burden of life is simply overwhelming at this point.)I'm sorry for the disjointed ramblings of a woman mad with grief. I just never expected that it would be this complicated.
I just recently bought a book called "Why Does He Do That? Inside the minds of Angry and Controlling Men" and I definitely feel that it's something people on this subreddit should know about if they don't already.  I'm only on Chapter 3 and I've already underlined more important or relatable quotes than I can count!Some of my favorites include:"Abuse is not a product of bad relationship dynamics, and you cannot make things better by changing your own behavior or by attempting to manage your own partner better.  Abuse is a problem that lies entirely within the abuser.""A nonabusive man doesn't use his past as an excuse to mistreat you.""An abuser almost never does anything that he himself considers morally unacceptable."Here's the link to the book on Amazon.http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/0425191656/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?qid=1448039512&amp;sr=8-1&amp;pi=SL75_QL70&amp;keywords=why+does+he+do+thatIf you or someone you know has ever been in or is currently in an abusive relationship I would strongly encourage you to purchase this book.  It is a fantastic resource that has already challenged so much of what I thought I knew about abuse and what I've gone through.  Stay strong everyone! :)
This past March, I moved in with my boyfriend (we're both 18) and my family has been actively trying to shoehorn themselves into my life after abusing me because they're insistent they have an unalienable right to remain authoritative parental figures to me. I'm not over how my parents treated me, and I can barely get out of bed anymore and I just spend my days crying now. My dad would get drunk and scream at me and tell me I was worthless and that he hated me so much he wanted to kill himself, and relapsed back into drinking about 6 times promising every time it'd be the last and at one point he basically grounded me from sleeping, and would sleep all day while I was at school, and then spend the entire afternoon and night screaming at me if he caught me napping. My mom would tell me I was fat and would discourage me from eating when I began to develop an eating problem and dropped to 85 pounds because everything but my food intake was stripped from my control, and I'm just a mess now. I'm taking a leave of absence from college because I can't even go in public anymore without shaking and feeling like I'm going to throw up and getting a headache from being around people. Today my mom started scream/sobbing at me in the car back from my psychiatrist because she's so upset she doesn't feel like she's in my life enough to be my mom anymore, but I don't even know how to keep her in my life. She defends my dad and just tells me to move back home and ignore it and I feel like no one in the entire world wants me even alive even though I know my boyfriend and his family love me. I've just gone through so many countless hours of having to raise myself and my parents verbally abusing me and neglecting me I can't even get out of bed anymore. I don't even know where to start. My psychiatrist is helping a little but I still don't know what to do because I go to therapy and the come home and sob because I feel worse than worthless. I feel like a horrible burden no one could ever love. I have no idea how to even kind of start feeling better. 
Survivors of abuse, You all helped me so much over a year ago by giving me a place to go when I finally came to terms that I had been a victim of abuse during my childhood. I had the (possibly naive) thought that I had found peace with my childhood by writing it down both here to the public and privately in a journal, as well as finally talking it out with my mother and family - with an apology from my mom. However, I find myself in a very dark place recently. I am coping with a lot of self-doubt and hatred intertwined with impulses to run-away from life again. (I have moved once every year since graduating from college.) Running away is no longer an option as I am engaged, living with my fiance' and our dog, working at a great school as a teacher, and feel "happy" with my life otherwise. It is just that these feelings come from somewhere deep inside of me and no matter how "together" my life is, they are haunting. I feel a welling up of angst, anger, and resentment towards my mother again and in return, myself. I was wondering how all of you cope with these negative feelings showing up in your life again after you felt you had worked through it? Any mantras, habits, or books that you can recommend? 
This girl I dated was verbally, emotionally, and occasionally physically abusive. I hadn't spoken to her for about a year and a half at this point. Long story short, she owned up to a lot and apologized for her actions in this relationship, which was more healing than I ever thought it would be. Needless to say the abuse left me with quite a few emotional scars and some wounds that are still healing and while I'm very grateful for her apology and forgave her for her actions, I must acknowledge that there are still wounds that need treatment. I can't put this on anyone else. I need to take responsibility for my own hurt and heal myself. She's done her part, now I need to do mine. 
I want to begin by introducing myself, and give you some of my background.  When I was a teenager, I was emotionally and sexually abused over the course of two years by a member of my church.  While I have come to terms with what happened, the experience spurred in me a passion for victim's advocacy.  I am currently attending university, with a double major in Criminal Justice and Sociology.  I would really appreciate your help. My thesis paper for a research class is based on the following topic:  The varying effects of physical, emotional/verbal, and sexual abuse on the self esteem of the victim.   The research method I believe will most help me get a better understanding of this topic is survey and interview based.  I chose to post on reddit, because I believe it will allow me to contact a greater number of people,  and will allow anyone who wishes to take my survey  the comfort of anonymity. **As a reminder:** *All surveys are completely anonymous.  Nothing said in this survey will be in any way linked to you.  No details of this survey will be quoted, paraphrased, or shared in any way. Only answer questions that apply to you, and your situation.  Do not answer questions that make you uncomfortable, or cause you any negative response.  You are under no obligation to complete this survey.*  What gender do you most closely identify with?What is your current age?What was your age(s) during the time of the abuse?The abuse consisted of (check all that apply)oEmotional/verbal componentsoPhysical componentsoSexual components**(Please answer the following questions on the following scale of 1-7.**  **1-Very negative****2-Moderately negative****3-More negative than positive****4-Neutral.  No opinion of either negative or positive regard.**  **5-More positive than negative****6-Moderately positive****7-Very positive)**Prior to the abuse, how did you typically regard:•Your physical appearance•Your self-worth/ value•Your perceived value to others •Your level of intelligence•Your level of self-confidence/ self-assuredness•Your perceived emotional stabilityAfter the abuse, how did you typically regard: •Your physical appearance•Your self-worth/ value•Your perceived value to others •Your level of intelligence•Your level of self-confidence/ self-assuredness•Your perceived emotional stability**(For the following questions, feel free to be as brief, or as detailed, as you are comfortable with.)** Do you believe the abuse had an effect on any aspect of your self-esteem?**(If ‘Yes’ was answered in the previous question)**  Do you perceive the effects on your self-esteem as temporary, or long lasting? Have you sought any sort of help, or treatment, regarding the abuse?**(If ‘Yes’ was answered in the previous question)**  Did these treatment methods have an impact on your self-esteem? 
I want to begin by introducing myself, and give you some of my background.  When I was a teenager, I was emotionally and sexually abused over the course of two years by a member of my church.  While I have come to terms with what happened, the experience spurred in me a passion for victim's advocacy.  I am currently attending university, with a double major in Criminal Justice and Sociology.  I would really appreciate your help. My thesis paper for a research class is based on the following topic:  The varying effects of physical, emotional/verbal, and sexual abuse on the self esteem of the victim.   The research method I believe will most help me get a better understanding of this topic is survey and interview based.  **As a reminder**: *All surveys are completely anonymous.  Nothing said in this survey will be in any way linked to you.  No details of this survey will be quoted, paraphrased, or shared in any way. Only answer questions that apply to you, and your situation.  Do not answer questions that make you uncomfortable, or cause you any negative response.  You are under no obligation to complete this survey.*  What gender do you most closely identify with?What is your current age?What was your age(s) during the time of the abuse?The abuse consisted of (check all that apply)oEmotional/verbal componentsoPhysical componentsoSexual components**Please answer the following questions on the following scale of 1-7.** **1-Very negative****2-Moderately negative****3-More negative than positive****4-Neutral.  No opinion of either negative or positive regard.**  **5-More positive than negative****6-Moderately positive****7-Very positive**Prior to the abuse, how did you typically regard:•Your physical appearance•Your self-worth/ value•Your perceived value to others •Your level of intelligence•Your level of self-confidence/ self-assuredness•Your perceived emotional stabilityAfter the abuse, how did you typically regard: •Your physical appearance•Your self-worth/ value•Your perceived value to others •Your level of intelligence•Your level of self-confidence/ self-assuredness•Your perceived emotional stability**For the following questions, feel free to be as brief, or as detailed, as you are comfortable with.**  Do you believe the abuse had an effect on any aspect of your self-esteem?**(If ‘Yes’ was answered in the previous question)**  Do you perceive the effects on your self-esteem as temporary, or long lasting? Have you sought any sort of help, or treatment, regarding the abuse?**(If ‘Yes’ was answered in the previous question)**  Did these treatment methods have an impact on your self-esteem? 
I think due to my alcoholic/abusive father and drama thirsting stepmom and, though I love them, sadly abit neglectful Mother and Step Father (it hurts me to admit that) I feel like I am always wrong. I feel like no matter what I do the feelings for someone that I care for aren't being taken care of by me and its all my fault. I don't know how this happened but somehow through all this abuse I became a person that everybody loves - not in a narcissistic way but by this I mean I think people automatically love me because they see that I mean no harm when I meet them and I just accept them. Their love is hard to accept though because eventually I am not doing something for them and then they get mad which causes me to just cut them out because I don't know how to handle the situation.My dad would always yell/beat me for being fat (which caused me to get fatter) then he would apologize and tell me that he loved me, that I should never worry in my life because its a waste of time (and now I always worry) and then he would round it all up with how he never abused me and how he would never abuse me although he just did it moment before. This has caused me to feel like I am always living in a paradox where I can't do anything right. I feel like people pick up on this and they love it for some reason or take advantage of me. I am recently married and due to my great relationship it had caused me to reevaluate the people I surround myself with and face my pain head on. Some days the pain is intolerable so I turn to internet porn to make it go away but I am learning how to cope with it in non destructive ways for myself and those involved with the making of porn. It's awful I know but its my only way to escape the pain for some reason. I am lucky to have a relationship where I can start to face the pain but God it hurts.Not sure where I was going with this but its good to get this off my chest. I love you all and hope you are getting by.
So the background is that my father fits almost every item on this list: http://outofthefog.net/Relationships/PaternalChildAbuse.html and I have felt rejected and belittled all my life. However, for many years I didn't understand why I felt like that. I thought I resented my parents because there was something wrong with *me*. I didn't know how abnormal my childhood was because nobody inside or outside my family pointed it out to me. It's like I was the last to know. For examoke, a childhood friend asked why I'd gone no-contact with my parents a couple of years ago. Me: "Well, my dad isn't exactly nice to me..." Her: "He was *never* NICE to you!" I didn't know that, I didn't know what parents were meant to do or how they were supposed to be.Well, I'm starting to notice. I'm starting to look at friends who I know have good relationships with their dads, and wonder what that feels like, how it works, what their dads say and do. I'm starting to realise what I've missed out on and it's making me want to claw my own face off.As a result of my childhood experiences, I wasted my 20s in an abusive relationship which seemed normal to me. I'm happily married now but may not be able to have children. (Please don't comment telling me lots of people don't have kids or that it might be fine or whatever, please just let me have this space to feel this.) It's hard not to be jealous. My friend's dad died of a heart attack and I'm so jealous of her grief, because it's new. I read a comment on a thread where someone said people with abusive dads are lucky as at least they're still alive. I wish I was lucky enough, I wish I was sheltered enough, to believe a living abusive father is better than a dead kind one, to not be able to imagine why that might not be true. So the luck of the draw in my life is that I got born to a father who taught me to hate myself and I'll never, ever know what it would have been like to have a father who was loving, how my life might have been. I seriously want to claw my face off, because it hurts too much. I want to trade lives and I can't. Funny how the people who say "everyone has problems" or "there's always somebody worse off than you" aren't those who were rejected and abused from the year dot. I've been robbed and robbed and robbed and I'm only just waking up to it.I'm in therapy, but it's hard. Part of me always knew all this but I keep thinking I wish I still didn't know how different it should have been. 
I've already hurt myself twice.  I never wanted her to die, but now she is gone.  People are sad and it reminds me of other painful parts of my past.  I can't cope right now
This is a throwaway...I think my ex-boyfriend is a serial killer. I don't know what to do because I tried to tell the cops but they didn't believe me. I have a lot of evidence. He was poisoning me for months with contra-indicated pharmaceuticals and toxic stuff (like iron pills). I got a phone call from a girl who found out he was cyberstalking her. He was stealing identities, property, people's mail...I know a bunch of his victims now. He uses three different names. I don't know if he's killed anyone yet, but he talked a lot about friends he knew who committed suicide in high school, and that's how he was trying to kill me. He was trying to frame it as a suicide. He had videos on his YouTube history about how to escape a police interrogation, and how to tie a noose. He put a noose into one of my backpacks to plant evidence that I had committed suicide, and sent texts to mutual friends that I "was in a dark place." I'm afraid of doing anything that might stir the pot, so to speak. since I've read on websites about psychopaths that you should just be as boring as possible (grey rock) and leave them alone so they don't retaliate. I don't want anyone to get hurt. He has all the characteristics of a cerebral psychopath. It was three years ago that I escaped, and he fled to South America...now I hear he's back in the US. 
So I am pretty good friends with this guy and we text a lot, but things just feel weird to me and I don't know why. And then we ended up talking about how people touching me makes me uncomfortable ( due to sexual abuse that he is unaware of). He started annoying me that he would hug me, and then the next day he did and I got really annoyed. He then began to annoy me about it again, and he said it was "because he cares." I don't know what to say to stop him, but he has said he will do it again. I just don't think he took me seriously and I don't know what to do. I know this doesn't seem very serious, but it's really making me uncomfortable even talking to him. Please help?
Just after my first year of college ended, I decided to give OkCupid a try. I chatted with a guy here and there, but no one really caught my interest in particular. Then one day, a guy messaged me...let's call him Evan. It turns out, Evan was three years ahead of me at our university, but was short a few credits and would be there for the fall semester. It also turned out we were both taking summer classes in a few weeks, so the situation seemed almost perfect. Too perfect if I'm being completely honest.I say things were "too perfect" in hindsight for a few reasons. For one, Evan seemed way too eager to immediately be in an exclusive relationship with me. He jokingly asked if he could text all his friends telling them about his amazing new girlfriend. I laughed it off and said that would be weird, and he seemed offended. But I brushed it off. Also, I was semi-involved with another guy from OkCupid at the time, but it was not yet exclusive and we had mutually agreed that we could see other people. Evan seemed disproportionately jealous of this other guy and bluntly told me he was making it his mission to "win" me. I should've gone running for the hills right then and there. To avoid making this part too long, other OkCupid guy ended up ending things with me and Evan took advantage of me in my frail emotional state by inviting me to stay the night at his apartment. We officially became a couple just a few weeks later, after going on some dates and spending a few nights together at his place. He was very charming and sweet on the surface at first, but definitely egotistical and manipulative underneath all of that. That side of him showed more and more in the following months. I'll explain more of that in the next few paragraphs.Throughout our relationship, Evan always wanted to take things further physically than I was comfortable with. My reasoning behind this is that I was still a virgin and did not want to lose it to someone I had only been dating for a short period of time, and I had also had a bad experience just a few months prior with a guy who I had known since the age of 12 and trusted very much until that point. Most normal guys would understand and not push the issue - Evan was the opposite. He even had the nerve to ask me if I could just get over it. I should have left him right then and there, but I didn't. I was very insecure at the time and I genuinely believed that no one else would want me the way I was. As the next school year began, Evan’s behavior got more abusive and I found myself upset more often than not when we spent time together. He seemed to believe the world owed him everything because he had a rough childhood. He drove aggressively, openly bragged about how many credit cards he had, talked poorly of LGBTQ people (even though he KNEW that my best friend since high school is gay), and generally seemed to have the idea that he was above most people. He often belittled me and my accomplishments; for example, if I mentioned that I got a good grade on a paper, he would scoff and say that I would have to be stupid to not do well on it. He also told me to my face once that they would hire anyone for my job at the time, even adding in a cruel remark about a coworker of mine who has Aspergers. The following behaviors were also present: blaming me for not wanting to jump into bed with him, blaming me for my self esteem problems, getting mad when I made plans with friends instead of him, refusing to hold my hand in public, purposefully sitting in the back of our school’s dining hall to avoid being seen together, and openly making fun of me for not having a drivers license at the time (I had severe anxiety surrounding driving which I have since overcome). It also seemed that every time he would say something to put me down and I would get upset/call him out on it, he would claim to love me and only want what was best for me.Eventually, I ended up going to the university counseling center on a weekly basis because I was feeling very anxious and depressed all the time. Evan’s emotionally abusive behavior may seem clear as day now, but when you are in a relationship like that, the person is often so sneaky and manipulative that you do not see it right away. My counseling sessions helped me to see that a major source of anger and general unhappiness for me was indeed my boyfriend. After a lot of thinking, I made the decision to break up with him. I did it at school because quite frankly, I was afraid of what he would do if I did it somewhere private, like his apartment. I should note at this point that he owned two guns, so I did not want to risk them being possibly used against me. He was upset when I broke it off, but seemed somewhat understanding. Then later that night, he sent me several scathing Facebook messages that were obviously meant to upset me, but of course he got defensive when I called him out on it. Thankfully I didn’t see a whole lot of him for the next few months that he was still a student at our university. We would pass each other occasionally on campus, but I would always make sure to avoid eye contact with him or even take a different route to class if I could. He tried to talk to me a few times, but I always had an excuse ready so I could leave the situation quickly. I was beyond relieved to return to campus the following semester, knowing I never had to see or speak to him ever again. What I learned from this experience is that if something doesn’t feel right in a relationship, then it probably isn’t. Trust your gut instinct – love should never hurt and you deserve to be respected.
This story is about an experience that happened to my mom, It may not be the creepiest..but it was terrifying to her when it was happening.First a little backstory. My father was a very angry, and just down right crazy person. He was someone that made you fear him, and got a lot of enjoyment from it. He was an alcoholic who would grown even angrier, and crazier when drunk.He was also known to be a very possessive person, often to the point of stalking my mom places whenever she would go out..Okay so one time my mom and father went camping together, they went with his two brothers (Roger and Ray) and her sister Tammy. The whole trip was very unpleasant for her because the entire trip was nothing but constant questioning from him, who she was with before him, who she had slept with up until being with him..etc. She would tell him how it didn't matter, that she was with HIM now and no one else..but that didn't satisfy him enough.  After a few days of camping, they packed up and all got into the truck. Ray, Roger and Tammy were all inside the truck and my mom and father were sitting in the back bed of the truck. It was legal back then to do so, the year 1987 or 1988. They were driving on the freeway which didn't have a bunch of traffic, so they were able to go decently fast, and my father starts in again with the questioning...only this time he has his own sinister and fucking twisted ways of getting the information he wants. He gets very close to her and says "With each question I ask you, if I don't feel like you are telling me the truth, I will do to you what they did to the prisoners of war during Vietnam." He went on about how they would stick bamboo up a person's fingernails during interrogation, but since he didn't have any bamboo he would have to settle for the fork he had instead. He then went on to say " IF you make a sound, I will throw you out of this truck and kill you."At that time she really believed he would do it, though thinking back on it realized he may not have..  we will never know if he would have. He started with the questions, who were you with..who did you sleep with. And whenever she didn't answer or he felt she was lying he would stick the fork up a fingernail.I am not sure how long it continued before her sister noticed thumping in the back, and then made my uncle Ray pull off the freeway and into a convenience store parking lot. They then found out what had happened, and my mom jumped out of the back and sprinted inside the store to get away from him. The store clerk then phoned the police, which terrified my mom all that much more. She didn't know what to do, she knew he would not get much jail time for it and feared he would do worse when he got out if she pressed charges. Not to mention that whenever she tried to leave him..he would always find her, even if she left the state. So despite the officer strongly advising my mom to press charges, she did not out of fear. Fast forward about a year and a few months, and my mom is now pregnant with my brother who is 3 years older than I am. She doesn't fully remember what had went on that night, but remembers that he had again gotten mad..and had kicked her unexpectedly in the head which knocked her out cold. In that time her sister Tammy had called and knew something terrible had happened, she called the police and then my mom's other sister Nona. The officer arrived as my mom started to regain consciousness, the only thing this police officer did was look through the screen and ask my mom if she was alright. Fear flooding her mind, thinking of how he always found her if she left..knowing even if she fled the state he would find her.. she told the officer she was okay and just like that he left. Despite her looking like she had just been jumped. After the cop left..he decided to land another blow to her head, knocking her out once more. Shortly after that had happened, her sister Nona showed up. Nona was not one to fuck with, and my father knew that..She came into the house and told my mom "get the fuck in the car, we are going to the hospital." My father tried to follow, getting into the passenger seat. Fortunately his two brothers had also come to calm him down, and removed him from the car. At the hospital my mom was still very much afraid to press charges, and told the cops again that no charges were to be pressed. Her sister knew she could get him on parole violations and turns to the cops to tell them "she's pregnant."The officer then looked at my mom and said "then there is nothing you can do, I'm sorry." He then proceeded to have multiple squad cars to stake out his house for days before he was caught, but he unfortunately only received one year in prison. It still took my mom years after to be able to get away from him after all of this, since he always found her once he was released. She claims not to regret it since my brother and I came out of it, but I know she wishes she would've had the courage to leave sooner. She says that the fear somehow becomes so great that you believe they will get out of prison and kill you, or that you are worthless because that's what's being embedded into your head and so no one else would ever want you. My father passed away many years later, only about 1 year ago actually. He ended up drinking himself to death, along with having hepatitis C from one of his visits to prison. Which brought me satisfaction as I realized how he probably got it. Now no one else will have to experience his hell again..
I was abused when I was 4-5.  This never came to light until a few years ago, when I was diagnosed with a dissociative disorder and PTSD.  The past year, the more I remember, the harder it is for me to have sex.  There is so much that triggers me.  My husband just told me that although he's not going anywhere, he's frustrated and unhappy.  There are too many rules, too many things to remember so he doesn't upset me.I feel like I'm drowning.
I was one of the lucky ones who got out of a really bad relationship. A friend of mine recently FB messaged me and I decided to look at our previous conversations and came across this. I vividly remember this day and that was when he officially cut me off from everyone in my life. Thank god this person didnt give up too easily because he easily saved me from continuing on this horrible path and got me out.http://imgur.com/a/VJ9Ua
I'm sorry for any misspelled words or grammatical errors, English is my second language.So, I was eleven years old, and I was walking to my bf's house. Mind you, she still lives one block away from my house, so I would go there almost on a daily basis. We were gonna get ice-cream, cause the weather was really hot, but the day was beautiful. I was dressed as any eleven year old at a hot day, a lime green skirt that was my absolute favorite, and a cute white t-shirt, with some flip-flops. When I turn in the corner to get to her block I see a man in his fourties maybe, in a motorcicle, getting out of the block, I didn't really pay any attention, because I was little and didn't know any better, and because we lived in a really safe neighborhod.As I continued my way, I could feel someone watching me, which wasn't weird at all, I felt that a lot when I was younger. Either way I just looked back, and saw that man coming back. Like I told you I wasn't scared, I was never a scaredy kid. As I was reaching the middle of the block (It is a really long block, mind you) this guy came up from behind, still in his motorcicle, and just sort of reached out to me with his hand. I could hear the motorcicle, but I never expected that. He grabbed me, moved my little panties out of the way and started touching me. I fucking bolted, I was like 5/6 houses away from my friends house. I got there all panicky, panting and red, and she was surprised because I knocked really hard on the door, as I was terrified. I told her everything, and she just runned and told his mom, who was not only a child psychiatrist, but also a pediatritian. My friends mom runned and got into the car with me and my friend to go look out for the creep. We never found him. I had trouble sleeping for a while. Later on, I had trouble intimating with my first boyfriend. I never told my parents, because I was afraid they were gonna blame me since I had been punished and shouldn't be out that day.   With time, and psychological help I was able to heal, but to this day I still get a little scared when I hear motorcicles behind me. 
Throwaway because I don't want this linked to my (searchable) account.I've always struggled with understanding whether these memories I have are sexual abuse. My parents split when I was a baby and when I was about 2/3 my Mum met someone else, we'll call him Peter. She fell pregnant with my sister and gave birth when I was 4. I would always tell everyone I hated Peter, but I think everyone put it down to jealousy and anger about my parents not being together. They split when I would of been around 6 so all of this happened when I was very young and in a short period of time.I have memories of Peter that I seem wrong. Three of them. The first is being in the bedroom me and my sister shared and him coming upstairs and lying beside me so close that I'm pressed right into the wall on my side and he is saying ''Sorry''. The second is being in the small bathroom and it's dark and I feel scared. The third is being lying down and there is flashes above me and another person there and I feel uncomfortable.I've always struggled with this because I can't ''prove'' to myself that it means anything. I have my suspicions about abuse because there was an incident a year or so later where I would of been about 7/8 where I asked my little sister and her friend to undress and tried to perform oral sex on them. I can't remember this but I remember my mum absolutely losing it and accusing me. It seems weird to me that a child would do that?Most of my childhood I didn't think about Peter, until I reached about 12/13 and I think started to really realise these things didn't seem normal. I became depressed and self harmed. I confided in my first boyfriend and I think as a coping mechanism ''acted out'' these memories. When we broke up he went to my stepmum and dad (who I lived with at the time) and told them everything. I was in counselling at the time and they told me I needed to speak to them about what was going on. I tried to put I wasn't ready and it was pretty much dropped.Skip forward to now. Last year I gave birth to my daughter and suffered with post partum depression that centred alot around worrying my partner was abusing/would abuse sexually our daughter. Ofcourse he wasn't, there was no reason to think this, but it also makes me think the abuse is real.I've always been gripped by so much guilt about everything. Wishing I knew what the truth was. Especially as my younger sister lives with her Father (Peter)...I've always been so ashamed that I didn't even have the courage to say something to perhaps spare my sister (she's never seemed like anything has happened). Also Peter works with children. I hate myself for my selfishness that I don't want to deal with this and may have put others in danger. But there is no solid evidence/memory!At this point I don't think I'd ever try to press charges, I just want to know what's real and put it behind me.Sorry for the wall of text.
Hello reddit! This is my first subbmision, so I thought it should be a meaningful one (sorry in advance for any spelling errors). I'm 21 years old and I've just recently gotten out of a relationship with a narcissist. And I decided to tell my story and help other people realise, if they themselves are also a part of such a relationship or just show people that they are not alone. I'll list core parts of a narcissists personality/habits and then explain those with things that were happening to me.Note: I've been in the relationship for about 10 months and she is, what most will call, a covert narcissist (the ''shy'' kind), which is the less know one, but still very common.A covert narcissist is:1. Egocentric. Everything had to revolve around her and her feelings. I wasn't ''allowed'' to have any negative feedback to anything she did or said whatsoever. When I said anything in the lines of ''I'm sorry, but this thing that you do really botheres me, can you please stop, It is very hurtful?'' all hell broke loose. Things she usually said were: ''How dare you say that, you know well enough, that I feel ugly, miserable and unimportant, but still you decide to make me feel even worse about myself'', ''Oh yeah?! well how about that mean thing you said to me (after me yelling at you for 2 hours for no reason), two months ago?!'', ''Obviously, it is me who has to change. You have no idea how much I changed for you and you did nothing, but you expect more and more from me (after I asked her how did she change for me, she said that she has stopped yelling at me in front of other people, that was the only thing she was able to recollect)''2. Has a victim complex. This one also shows in number one. When I said that she crossed the line and that I'm mad because of it, she would always start attacking me. She said that I'm an asshole, because I pointed out what she has done wrong and that made her feel bad about herslef... thats how she defined ''asshole''. i just wasn't allowed to be angry or hurt.3. A liar. She was lying A LOT. She lied to other people about me/our relationship, because she was searching for attention and people saying what and ass I am. She would take our entire dialog and change entire sentences, make up sentences and even change who said what just so people would feel sorry for her. She even lied to herself, changing whole scenarios, just so she could start thinking ''It's not my fault, it's all his fault!''. The most interesting incidents were when I could prove she was lying, for instance, she would start babbling about what I said in my text messeges and when I said ''No, I did not say that'' and check my phone, she would instantly start getting out of control and say thing like ''Yes, like always you have to prove that you are right, you always have to be right'' things like that.4. Jelous. Jelousy what a big part of her. I introduced her to all of my friends and she would regularly (totally out of context and randomly) start telling me in rage that all of my female friends are prettier that her, smarter than her, more fun. She got jelous everytime I talked to another woman (even if she was in a relationship with a friend of hers and she (girlfriend) was standing a couple of meters away from us. She would also get jelous of me, how everyone that meets me thinks that i have a great sense of humor, how people from the same friend group are exited when they see me, how other girls would tell her ''He's a keeper. He's handsome, you're so lucky. Your boyfriend has such a great sense of humor.'' And she got angry at me whenever someone said anything good about me, because nobody ever said that about her thinking ''I feel bad about myself and no one is telling me how great of a person/girlfriend I am, but he is getting praised, what a dick.''5. Nothing you do is good enough. This was also a standard. Doesn't matter how hard you try nothing works for them. I tried everything. I was patient, I showed her that I care. But nothing helped. Even threats (in the last two months of the relationship) didn't work. Me leaving and going home (we lived together for a time) would help a little, but quickly thing turned around and she started saying ''I always have to ask you to stay, I always have to say I'm sorry first (Manytimes I even said I'm sorry, after her yelling at me for reasons listed above).''6. They threaten you a lot. My ex was threatening me with a lot of things. She cut herself after we got into a fight, she was biting herself, puching walls, threatening with suicide. And obviously a lot of crying so I'd feel bad about myself.To end this post: If you googled ''is my partner a narcissist'' that already means someting must be wrong on above avrage levels. If you find yourself in this post please, please rethink this relationship. A narcissist will brainwash you into believing them, that everything is your fault, and then throw you out like garbage. Honestly you should start prepering yourself to end the relationship. You are worth more than what she/he makes you believe, really..WARNING: I just wanted to add something that is very common when a narcisst ''uses you up''. They try to destroy your life. I'm not overreacting. It happened to me and with further reading of articles I found that it happens to many. Your partner will start lying to all the people she/he knows (behind your back) to make them believe her/him when you break up. My ex did this. She was readying everyone for the ''breaking point'' so that when it's over she just truely reveals how terrible of a person I was, and how I talked badly about everyone and so on. She wanted me to end up broken, with no friends and her ending as the victim of my abuse in tears with everyone around consoling her. She also had a guy eyed for when we broke up (when we broke up I foud out that when she was in a club she let him grope her all over, but had to stop when she herd I arrived) so she will break my spirit even more when we ended. She chose that guy, because she knew I hated his guts (the typical racist, sexist, uneducated kind of guy, who during our relationship was trying to persuade her for months to cheat on me) just to give me that extra kick..Thank you very much for reading, please share some of your own experiences and show this to your friend, if he/she has similar problems, would mean a lot to me. :).links for further reading: https://shrink4men.wordpress.com/2009/01/21/relationships-with-borderline-narcissistic-personality-women/ http://ladywithatruck.com/the-3-phases-of-a-relationship-with-a-narcisist/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WVLZXLyO-M
Over the last couple months something sort of exciting has happened. I picked up a clarinet and started playing the piano (old keyboard ). I also started somehow writing these creative insights and observations very randomly and sporadically. I would not call it poetry haha, but some people might. Its more the ramblings of a mad man. jk. Anyhow sitting with the piano or reading a new part of some sheet music on the clarinet and working on improving little by little has been so therapeutic and even meditative. Also in even the darkest hours, I can spend 10-20 minutes being creative and making music- and there is this sense of accomplishment that fills me up for the moment. I have also found it to be another way to sort of release a lot of pain, anxiety trauma and grief that weighs me down sometimes. Occasionally I will do my best at drawing, and that helps too— in some ways it good too look at the imperfections of my drawing or my playing and still be satisfied with the results and the process— and I think on some level that is a great practice in approaching myself and others in helping to accept some of our little quirks and growing edges and even accept that we are always a work in progress (I should also add it can also help us be more compassionate of other around us - I would suggest we are all works of art in some way)…..even if I make a mistake with the music or drawing.. we can immerse ourself in this art and express sometimes what words never could….. yeah I think thats what I am trying to say…. these avenues of expression help release something inside of us that could never be communicated w words.I went to a random community orchestra concert alone…and was literally moved to tears by what I was hearing and experiencing…… that was sort of the catalyst…anyway its just a suggestion, Im sure not everyone will be into it an thats ok too!
Okay so this is my first time posting anything on reddit. English is not my first languange so this will be full of typos.When this happend i was 8 years old. I was a hot summer day so my dad asked me if i wanted to go to pool. I of course said yes so we took a couple of towels and went to the pool. We left our stuff under one tree and went to the water.This is a really big pool, it's about 40 meters long. I'm not sure how to explain this but on one side there is a pool and on the other side is river. My dad loves fishing so he went to other side if see someone is fishing.He ran into his old buddy and they started talking. I was really bored so i asked my dad if i can walk a little bit. He said yes (this is pretty safe little town where nothing ever happend so kids were free to do anything they wanted to).So i went to other side of pool and my dad was still talking to his friend, and after a while i couldn't see them anymore. I thought i could try to swim over entire pool.So i was in the water when i noticed this old creep staring at me. I just looked at him and started swimming. He asked me if i want him to help me swim. I said no. Then he asked me how old i am. I was pretty confused so i told him my real age.Then he started hugging me. I told him to leave me alone but then he started kissing me and touching my lady parts. Nobody seemed to notice. I was trying to scream but his hand was on my mouth. When he took me out of the water i bit his finger and kicked him in the balls. I started running as fast as i could. He started chasing me. Luckily i was faster than him. He stopped at the middle of the pool and went back. I ran to my dad and asked him can we go home. He asked me why but i just started to scream that i want to go home. So we took out stuff and went home. I never told him. I never told anybody.So creep from the pool, I hope I'll never see you again.
I have survived physical and mental as well as sexual abuse in relationships in the past.  I have deeply rooted trust issues as a result.  I want to know if anyone has advice on how to learn to trust again.  I don't want to say that I am paranoid that I will have to live through my past traumas again, but I am concerned about how little trust I have for any new person in my life.  I try to see the good in everyone yet at the same time I fail to believe that anyone is capable of earning my trust.  I expect to be lied to and hurt in someway.  I don't want to feel like this any longer.  Please let me know that there is a way to recover.  Thank you.    tl:dr Is there hope that I can learn to trust people again
If this breaks any rules, I'm sorry. Long-time lurker, very few posts, you know the drill. I'm about to be 21 [f], and I'm still affected by abuse that happened 8 years ago, and 3 years ago. I should probably be writing this on a throwaway, but it's whatever. I don't really tell people about my experiences unless we're close. Sorry for any walls of text. I'll try to break it up.**Trigger Warning for physical abuse, mental abuse, and suicide mention**1: When I was 12-13, I started failing school. There was constant emotional abuse going on at home (caused by my then-step-father), and I started running away, which led to my parents sending me to my aunt and her boyfriend's house to live for a while instead of foster care. I was still emotionally abused there, and started falling into depression and started having suicidal thoughts. I found out later that my aunt and her boyfriend were on a variety of drugs and that the boyfriend was sexually abusing my cousin who was a year older than me.My parents eventually moved to the same town to be with me, and started up a little store. I can recall exactly what led up to what happened and can remember the position of the bed in my room and the tv and the dresser and the window. I can't remember small details because of how fast it happened. I was failing school because I wasn't able to get homework done in time -(I learn very differently: I display a lot of ASD [Autism Spectrum Disorders], which I found out just a few weeks ago [diagnosed by a psychiatrist])- to go on a field trip. I wanted to go on this field trip extremely badly, but since I wasn't able to, because of my grades, I would have just sat in a room doing homework all day.Being the stubborn kid I was, I started refusing to get out of bed and my step-father got extremely angry with me, proceeded to walk in and grab me by my hair, lift me off of my bed, and throw me to the ground over and over again. I had large bruises on my thighs from being hit and hitting the floor. I was crying and screaming for him to stop and something happened in my mind, like I suddenly knew how to get him to stop. I said in a quiet and steady voice "Please stop" and it worked. I still don't know what happened in my brain for me to say that, but I'm thankful for my instincts.2: A few years ago I had to move to an old town I used to live in (and am currently living in), but my mother and I didn't have the money for our own place yet so we went to live with my aunt and uncle (different aunt and uncle than story 1). I suffered all kinds of emotional abuse there. To give you guys an idea on how bad it was: my uncle would start drinking at around 2pm. He's retired, so he'd just sit in the living room watching pawn stars and drank all day and night. My aunt is also an alcoholic. They hated each other, and would fight constantly.He would sit in his chair and drink and call me all sorts of insults. Squatter (slang for user), bitch, cunt, fat, ugly, ect. She would sit in her chair in the kitchen and call me fat and lazy and spoiled and whatnot. There was constant fighting between them, and they'd eventually drag me into it. One night it got so bad I tried to run away, and my aunt kept pushing me and hitting me as I tried to leave. I eventually got out and ran so fast from that hell that despite my mom jumping in the car and following me seconds out the door, she couldn't find me. I eventually returned because it was raining and I was terrified and didn't want my mom to worry about me.When I got back, my aunt made me apologize to her for "being such an entitled brat". I've been dealing with suicidal thoughts since before story 1, but I would actively seek out places and ways to die while I was living there. They had a hunting gun cabinet, and I searched for the key/tried to pick the lock so I could finally end it. I would look at the ceiling in the basement and see if I could find a sturdy enough board to hang myself from. I had never been more suicidal in my entire life.Eventually, I was riding my bike and wiped out hard enough to break my right wrist really badly, resulting in surgery and pins. I have a large surgical scar on my wrist now. My aunt and uncle accused me of breaking my wrist on purpose so I wouldn't have to do anything. My aunt took me out to her daughter's, and expected me to help them plant a garden probably 3 weeks into my break. She said, despite never having broken a bone in her entire life, that "broken bones take 2 weeks to heal, you're just faking it for attention and so you don't have to do anything".Thankfully we got out of that situation eventually and we have since severed all contact with them. I was really down a couple weeks ago and left my house with the intent to jump off a rather tall building. My best friend talked me out of it and I went to the hospital, saw a psychiatrist, and have been on anti-depressants. My mood is better, and my first counselling session is in a couple weeks.I don't quite know why I posted here. I guess I just wanted someone to know that I've been through some stuff. I'm still fighting. If you've been through abuse and you're still here to read my story, I'm proud of you. Living is hard. Dealing with stuff is hard. It's difficult to reach out, but if you do it can be rewarding. I love you all, and thank you for reading.
I broke up with my ex boyfriend three weeks ago-- let me explain-- the night we broke up, a friend of his told me that my ex boyfriend had had a violent relationship before me, where he grabbed his girlfriend at the time by the neck and slammed her into a wall. the only time he touched me was when he grabbed my wrist once and sort of threw me onto his bed, when i was trying to leave.does this sound like someone i should be weary of? i mean, we're not seeing each other, but just wanted to get some advice on whether or not what i've described are warning signs. 
Hey everyone,I'm working on an initiative to turn some of our darkest stories into music, for the purpose of healing. I'm a survivor of abuse and have found it helpful, so I want to help others.If you want to be a part of what I'm doing, please provide your story anonymously on this survey platform (1 question) and keep an eye on my new Facebook page to see if it turns up there over time. :) NOTE: I might create a blog instead, so page followers remain anonymous too, but this is what's up in the meantime! SURVEY - https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/755VBNZPAGE - https://www.facebook.com/storiesfromtheshadows/?fref=photoMuch love,Whitney 
Hey there,I'm working on a project to write songs surrounding stories, that will be created for healing and for inspiration. If you want to share yours (anonymously), this is where to do it -- https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/755VBNZThanks for sharing & for your heart -Whitney 
Incest is not easy. How do you take the bad with the good? **Do** you take the bad with the good? Is it my fault for running away, when I have no idea how I could possibly face my oldest brother who beat, molested and raped me between the ages of 6-10? Does he deserve forgiveness just because he has ADHD and was only 3 years older than I was? These are all on my mind as it is, but what really didn't help last night, was my drunken mother coming out as on his side. He's now 27, still emotional/psychologically abusive, violently threatening, and living with our parents again in our childhood home, after a short stint of living with me in my college town (before I realized what he did to me when I was younger) during which he threatened me physically, instigated regular screaming matches which usually ended with pointing at me while chugging whiskey, saying "this is your fault" as he'd grab his keys and go angry-driving, and exhibited full delusions (one of which I recorded) in which he not only admitted but shouted with pride that he was a danger to himself and others.  Let me also say that I have never had a bad relationship with my mom - not even when I was that petty, bitchy, high school daughter. We've always had this friendly relationship in which we can be honest and frank with each other. So it was pretty normal to be talking about how I've been planning a big trip next year, and hoping to move afterward.  But then she started saying that she would put away some money for when I was done travelling and needed a job and a place to live, as if I wouldn't land on my feet, which I've kind of had to get good at, being unable to rely on my parents for money or a place to live in the past... so when I awkwardly thanked her, she awkwardly said "you're welcome." I couldn't say anything to that, because while I know she just meant it as a pleasantry, I'm really not welcome - I feel entirely unwelcome in that house, while he is there. I can't rely on her or my dad... because they are already supporting my brother... whom I can't deal with right now because he has been so horrible to me as a kid and an adult. And because they've let me down so hard in the past - financially, and in person. They said they would pay my rent through college and help after until I got a job, but then just didn't... They haven't visited me in over a year, but gallivant all around the States on other whims... and when I finally told them that my brother's abuses were more than just the one time he got caught, they looked at me like I was some pitiful little victim, and asked all the wrong questions. So when she said I could rely on her, and was "welcome," I just said nothing. I just stayed quiet, and she heard it, and asked what was wrong. I tried not to say anything. I tried to be kind and I said I loved her and that I just wanted to be nice, but she kept poking and asking what was wrong, so I told her. And she got angry. I finally stood up for myself, and said "I am not welcome in that house because you're housing my childhood rapist" and she said "he's *not* your childhood rapist" to which I said "no, you don't get to say that - he put his fingers inside me when I was barely 6 or 7 years old! He raped me as a child!" She started making excuses for my brother, saying that he was just a kid when it happened, and that there was "new information" I should be aware of, and belittling my experience of the whole thing, until I started yelling, and she hung up on me.  I'm still just in shock, but I can't believe she would take his side. I thought my parents were trying not to take sides in all this, but I never would have thought she would take his side... I mean there goes relying on my parents for emotional support through this... there goes my safety net that I thought I had... there goes Thanksgiving and Christmas yet again... do I even have a family anymore?  What is a family but those who love you unconditionally? Why is there now a condition to my family's love that I forgive and forget what was done to me, when there are no conditions to their love of the person who did this to me??? I just want my mommy... I want a parent to be upset that their daughter was hurt... I want someone to be as angry as I am, because it is so fucking difficult to be angry with the people who are supposed to love me and support me, even when they're the ones who hurt me. I don't even know what I'm looking for here... I think I just need to feel validated in saying what is truth to me, and in feeling hurt and alone and like I have no one to help me through this. 
I'm going to try to keep this short. My mother physically and I guess emotionally abused me pretty much all my life, until I was 15. When I was 15 she ruptured my eardrum and I had to go to the doctors for this. I became suicidal less than 6 months later and went to the hospital, where I was referred to youth mental health services. My mother tried to stop me from going there and I think they told her that she could not do that. I think since then she lost some control over me and since then, the physical abuse pretty much stopped. Well I thought so. Last year (still 15), I was taken in an ambulance to the hospital. I had broken my collarbone and had a seizure. I hardly remember anything from the event (all i can remember is fragments of crying and trying to get up, but nothing else). I have bad memory anyway, but I couldn't even at the time remember what happened before the event. They tested me for months in relation to the seizure but they couldn't find anything, so they think it was just a one off thing. I had to have 2 surgeries for the collarbone. When I asked what happened, my mother told me at first that I fell over onto the tiles. She later sort of changed the story a bit, saying that she was outside and she heard me yell in pain and came inside to see me having a seizure. She then said I was playing with my dog and I fell over. I said- how could you be sure though, if you were outside the whole time. She then said- that's what happened. You fell over. etc. I was a bit confused because she wasn't actually there and she was acting like she was so sure that it was because I fell over, and she was cutting me off- like it was the end of discussion. I would have believed her easier if she had said something like- well I don't know exactly, since I was outside, but it's likely that she fell over when playing with her dog and then had the seizure. But because she was saying it the way she was, without accepting my other theories of what might have happened, it seemed a bit suspicious. Anyway, it's been over a year and my psychologist is referring me to someone else to be tested for ptsd or c-ptsd, because lots of scary stuff has been happening to me for a while (like in my head) and she thinks alot of it looks like ptsd. She thinks it may have suddenly started because I thought I was safe from the abuse once I went to mental health services, but once I had the realisation that my collarbone and seizure could have been from physical abuse, I became terrified again and lost the small sense of safety I had, and the ptsd symptoms developed. I researched non epileptic seizures and discovered that head trauma can cause seizures. A lot of my abuse was definitely to the head and facial area. Or maybe I had been knocked to the ground and the impact had caused the head trauma. Okay so what I'd like to know is any advice as to how I can find out the truth. I have been planning for almost 2 years to escape from my family, I have heaps of plans and plan to move out very soon (once I graduate), so don't worry about that please. :) I have considered taking legal action, for several reasons. To possibly get some compensation to be able to afford the mental health medical costs from my ptsd and depression caused by the child abuse. For justice. And to prevent my abuser from abusing any other children/or her own grandchildren if she gets any. (not from me, I won't have contact). I have enough proof for other events, but it if turns out that this event was caused by her, it's probably the most serious in terms of physical damage. Is there any way, you know of that I could find out the truth? Maybe before I cut off contact, I could tell her that I remember what happened and try to get her to say it while recording her? I really don't know. Please don't think I'm overreacting or trying to blame her for something she didn't do, I used to think it was actually from myself just falling over but she honestly is more than capable of doing this and it could actually be the truth. I need some closure. Sorry for the length. 
Some days are better than others, but every so often I feel such an intense rage against my abusive ex boyfriend. I'm upset that, of all his past relationships I got the worst of him. And now that I'm out, suddenly his life is so much better and it's my fault for bringing him down and making him lose control. He bamboozled me and many mutual friends about the person he really was, and I covered up for him too many times. After a night of angry and abusive texts from him while he was on a date with his new girlfriend, I finally stood up for myself. I exposed him, humiliated him on social media, and got him kicked out of a club we were both part of. But it doesn't feel like enough. I want his world to burn and I want to watch. It's an anger that makes me physically sick.I want to move on and hopefully give new relationships a chance, but part of me is fearful I'll find another wolf in sheep's clothing. I'm afraid to open up to a new partner about my past, what had caused me to become a certain way.I'm sorry for the wall of text. I need help with moving on. I need some perspective. 
I was abused when I was a little girl. I need to PM somebody trusted about this situation because I am 16 now and I'm not sure if it really was abuse, because of the circumstances. This is a safe place, right? In school we are learning about sexual assault and it's bringing up these memories that I thought I was over, and now I feel like I'm being ridiculous. I feel like I'm just making a big deal of my thoughts, and because it happened so long ago that it shouldn't even matter anymore. But I am confused. I don't feel comfortable sharing this publicly...would anybody, maybe someone licensed be able to PM me? I'm sorry if this is bothersome...
I fucking hate how I react when they say Her name or talk about the abuse.
Due to a lot of gas lighting and self-blame, it took a while to realize that my mother was physically, emotionally, and verbally abusive. I'm almost 20 now and keep thinking about other things that my mother has done....and wondering if it is sexual abuse? Until she moved out when I was 14, she would make me stay in the bathroom with her while she showered (the shower was glass) or whenever she got dressed, so I saw her naked constantly. She was quite often lewd and offered far too many details about her sex life and masturbation habits. She never respected my privacy. I never felt comfortable seeing her naked or having her see me naked but if I ever expressed discomfort, she made fun of me. She mercilessly made fun of the way my genitals looked, even mocking me in front of my siblings. She always accused me of being a lesbian and would make vulgar accusations. She never physically molested but Ive been thinking about this and if it was my father doing any of this, I know it'd be wrong and disgusting. But because this was what I was used to and didn't know any different and she was my mother and I was a girl, I grew up thinking that was normal and maybe boundaries with mother and daughters are different? What do you think?
Eight months ago I left a relationship of two years that was abusive mostly on emotional and verbal level, but also sexual and occasionally physical. Part of what makes it so complicated was that we were doing some BDSM stuff, but while I have always been interested in that, there were a lot of things I was uncomfortable doing. He would argue that everything was technically consensual - I always said yes - but I realize now that I was always manipulated or guilt-tripped into doing these things, and so it wasn't actually consensual at all. But the grey area is there, and that makes it hard to sort things out in my head, because if it were consensual it would have been a BDSM relationship, but it wasn't, and thus it was abuse (there was abuse in our non-sexual lives, as well, but the sexual abuse was all related to.. well, sex).But because of this, and because it was almost entirely emotional abuse, and so very subtle, that I constantly feel uncomfortable saying it was abuse, or that I was a victim of abuse, like it wasn't "abusive enough" to qualify (I know that's ridiculous, but try telling that to my brain). It's hard to explain my triggers to people because I feel like I should be able to deal with it all quietly and internally, and just repress everything and be stoic. But then of course I have to come up with some way to explain the panic attacks and urges to cry whenever I'm triggered. It doesn't help that my family, who know a lot of the sordid details of our relationship, treat him as if he were just a shitty boyfriend, and that I should be getting over the breakup like one would a normal, healthy breakup, instead of someone who gaslighted me for two years, and then cyberstalked me and harassed me to the point that I had to file for a restraining order after I broke up with him.I wish I could get over the mental block that I'm an imposter victim, and not a "real" victim, and also that I'm inconveniencing people by talking about it, even to friends who insist that I can talk to them about it whenever I need to. It's frustrating, too, that I no longer can do anything remotely kinky without thinking about him, and that he took away that part of my sexuality, at least for now.This is sort of just a rant dump. I'm not sure if there's a solution to this, but I had to get it out.
I set out for brevity when I wrote this, but wound up writing my life story. I thought I might cut it down a little, but every part seems essential. So thank you for taking the time to read this, if you decide to.I've recently come to understand that my childhood qualifies as emotionally abusive. I always knew it was bad, but it was so subtle and quiet that it was hard to take seriously. But I hit a major milestone this last week, when seemingly out of nowhere I uncovered an immense amount of repressed shame. So many personal issues I've battled in my life -- I'm 27 -- seemed to be separate, discrete, unrelated problems that I could work through one at a time. What I didn't know was that these were all parts of one terrible network, the root of which I've finally found: I'm ashamed to exist. I struggle to feel like I deserve the compassion and care afforded to abuse victims, but I recognize that that's something I'll have to work through, because I am an abuse victim.I don't know why my mother wanted another kid. Outside of putting food on the table and loading up the Christmas tree with gifts, she had zero interest in parenthood. I have a half-sister several years older than me who recently validated how lonely our childhood was. She spent her early childhood wandering the woods behind our house alone, and it affected her like it affected me. But I had it worse, because she found a coping mechanism when I was old enough to interact with: She became a bully.I have trouble going into detail, mainly because to me it just doesn't sound *that* bad. But I know it was. I found this book, "It Wasn't Your Fault" by Beverly Engel. In it she goes down the list of all forms of abuse, and I have a pretty severe emotional response to the sections containing emotional abuse. Abandonment, rejection as a form of discipline, humiliation, being belittled, being constantly invalidated, etc. My experience was rather moderate, but it was sustained, thorough, and enough to do some serious damage.But my sister changed, and we have a good relationship now. My Father, basically a non-participant while I grew up, took a much greater interest in me after the divorce (I was ~12), and I'm happy that I'm more like him every day. But my mom, she'll never change. She's locked in, like I was: More shame is too much to bear. Unlike me as an adult, but quite like me as a teenager, she can do no wrong and can't be convinced of anything. She is a highly skilled invalidator, and will give any shame she would otherwise feel right back to you. There is no chance of having a good relationship with her. But our relationship isn't particularly bad, either. It's ... indifferent. Cordial. She doesn't know much about me because she doesn't ask; when we meet she usually talks about herself. But if I said that to her, she would never admit it. In her mind she's a very good parent who cares very much about her kids. She couldn't bear any other thought. God forbid I bring an accusation of abuse to her; she would invent/change memories and gaslight like it was her job.The more I work through this, the more blame I pile on her. I know from bits and pieces of information gathered over the years that her parents treated her like she treated me. But I'm 27, and I've figured this stuff out. I did the work. If I'd had a kid all this time, I would've pushed even harder, because it's what a *responsible parent does.* I don't give irresponsible parents a pass just because they had a bad childhood, and she is no exception. Her behavior was fucked up, and it did damage.I want to hold her accountable for this, even if it's just in my own mind, but ... I can't, because I still love her. She's my mom, you know? But she's had such a profoundly negative impact on my life, far more than any one person. I can't reconcile these two feelings. I want to be angry at her, but I only have one mother. And this conflict inflames everything. I'm stuck between needing to be my own protector, and wanting to keep the peace. I'm ashamed that, emotionally, I'm not holding her responsible and am giving her a free pass, even while I rationally understand how much harm she did.Has anyone been caught here before?Thank you again for reading.
 Our relationship ended… for the last time, not working, and have no idea where I want to live and have my life.Im educated, Im intelligent enough, I have some success with work, i try to take care of myself , my body  and be healthy. I have always been able to get through things, it hasn't always been easy but I moved to California and somehow survived out there for 7 years.My last relationship haunts me, as does all these awful realizations about my parents, and how I treated myself and others in my past.I have to fight so hard everyday to stay afloat. My skin is paper thin. I can't imagine getting into a real job. I have become so socially akward and uncomfortable around too many people. I greatly distrust others and sometimes see people as generally bad and willing to hurt me at their will.  i have stupid nightmares, different from night terrors, those are just bad upsetting dreams.Sometimes at night, like never before I get SOOO scared I can't understand why— it just feels like the world is literally going to crush me.  I used to be able to imagine a future— I really can't see sometimes how this ends with any sort of contentment…. Ive never felt like this—— I have some strength to pull from, but its a pool sitting in the dessert somewhere and if its doesn't rain, its going to dry up.I just wanted to get this out- I tried to go for a walk today, everyone and everything just felt so far away- 
Trigger Warning: Abuse. I wanted to share this here because it's been such a support to me over the last few years of mostly lurking, Tonight I got the courage to finally write online about what happened to me. My Father's father passed away last week (my grandfather) and my Father came out of the woodwork for the funeral. Well, after finding out he was allowed to be around one of my cousin's children, that was it. Some of my family is even aware of my abuse, and they still allowed him to be around them, it was easier than protecting them I guess. Regardless, I wanted to share. It feels wonderful to have gotten this out. After 37 years. Thanks to everyone here. Many of you responded to my podcast, and my post about shamanism and camh. Well, I’ve spoken about how I was sexually abused as a child and tonight I feel moved to post because I think it’s REALLY important people understand how abusers operate. Especially child abusers. Those of you who listened already know this, and this is the first time I’m saying this in writing. It was my Father. I was abused by my own Father for years as a child. He is a charming, successful, good looking, funny, intelligent man. He’s well liked. He has everyone’s trust, but he’s also a child abuser. This is not my secret, it’s his. That’s how an abuser, a pedophile operates. They manipulate, they lie, they are tactical, they are great actors, this is EXACTLY how they gain access to children. They begin with emotional abuse, and sometimes intimidation. How could “Uncle Dave” really be a child molester? That’s how it works, that’s exactly why it took me so long to say something, because they want you to feel like if you said anything, no one would believe you anyway… Believe this. When a child tells you something, listen to them. If you feel that something is off with someone’s behaviour around your kids, question it. Do not let just anyone have unmonitored access to your children.  I’m not carrying this around anymore. It’s not my secret. It’s yours. More to come from me on this, but with the Jared Fogel interview coming out in the next few days, and some timely events in my own family. It was time to say this. Long overdue. 
My bff D and I have known each other for going on ten years now. We both come from abusive families and have shared all kinds of things with each other. I've told her all about my abusive step mother and the horrible things that were done to me as a child. My step mother and D finally met 4 years ago at my wedding and hung out. And, just a few weeks ago, D and I were talking about how abusers put on masks and how people outside of the family have such a hard time believing they could ever be abusive because of the mask of niceness. I grew up trying to tell my friends about the beatings I got at home, but all my friends thought I was exaggerating about deserved punishments or just outright lying. They all knew my step mother. She was nice to them all. More than nice, actually. She gave them candy, awesome desserts, most of my toys, anything they wanted while we were at the store. Of course they thought she was nice. I wasn't allowed to eat sugary things, she never bought me anything I showed any interest in ever. And I learned really quickly that asking for anything may get me backhanded. Anyway, D and I are having this conversation and I'm saying how step mother hides so well and D saw that when they hung out, and D gets this look on her face. Her eyes go wide, her jaw drops. "Oh my god. That's *her*?!" D was convinced I had more than one step mother. Because she met the woman and couldn't imagine that was the woman who abused me. Even though D has seen her own parents put on the mask. Abusive people hide so well. And yet they act like they've done nothing wrong. I think they know, deep down, how horrible they are. Otherwise, why act so differently toward people they don't have power over? Had to get this out. Thanks for reading. If you have your own experience with masks and how abusers hide their true selves, feel free to share.
For me, as much as I have wanted it, I have always found a way to disrupt intimacy, whether through pulling it and pushing it away or by avoiding it at times I am sure. ( or as i have understood recreating a repetition compulsion that existed from my parents continual abandonment) I was trying to explain in a group that this had something to do with a feeling of worthlessness and relative unimportance that was instilled in me as a kid. Some people seemed confused by this saying * you really felt worthless? *. The answer is yes and no. I never assigned the term worthless to myself consciously, however that was the manifestation of this complex emotion.Then I thought of a metaphorIt would be like giving a  recovering convicted child abuser the keys to a day care center and told he is responsible for all their well-being. On one hand he sees a chance at redemption and healing to care for them and let his true nature shine through however at the other hand he is absolutely overwhelmed with anxiety, fear, confusion an contempt for himself, he does not trust himself and has no or lithe reference for the good that he is capable of. His natural reaction is to either throw the keys far away and run or even get upset at the person who gave them the keys.  Or maybe he throws things at the building itself.The point is while he does not consciously feel worthless or unworthy, he simply does not understand why someone would want to give him a chance and associates closeness with others ultimately ending in anxiety, pain and regret. He wants to help though. Also he hasI don't know maybe its a stretch, however I am realizing that some emotions don't have words that can ever accurately describe them- so maybe a story is better - If I was an artist I would draw them.
This book has been so amazing for me. It has made sense of things I didn't understand and even shed light on what I didn't even know was happening. It also give you some very easy and practical exercises to help w certain negative experiences you might have.It does help to have either a group therapy, individual or another support grow (CODA) to help and process some of the things that might come up when reading this.Complex PTSD From Surviving to Thriving - A GUIDE AND MAP FOR RECOVERING FROM CHILDHOOD TRAUMAby Peter Walker.Here is the Amazon Link too-http://www.amazon.com/Complex-PTSD-Surviving-RECOVERING-CHILDHOOD/dp/1492871842Lots of love- Be kind to yourself
I just found out that my abusive ex got married a couple weeks ago. And while I did break up with him 2 ½ years ago, I only stopped talking to him a bit over a year ago (it was a year in August or September). When I cut him out of my life, This girl wasn't in his yet, so I'm not sure they've even known each other a year. (I bring this up because he was all nice and charming most of the first year I was with him, and only started to get abusive after like 10 months.) And it bothers me a lot. And I'm not sure if it's because I'm worried for his wife or because I'm angry that he gets to go and be married and all happy and I'm stuck here with all these issues that I will have to deal with for a long time. And I have no idea what he told his wife about me or if he told her about me. And I know it's not my problem anymore. But I'm not able to get over it just like that. Im mad. And I need help with it more than just, "well it's not your problem anymore," which is what my mother said. 
I wish this would have happened sooner. So much self harm and harm to others could have been stopped. It took the end of a relationship with a woman I truly loved to finally be exposed to the immense pain and anger I had been carrying with me for so long. My parents were NOT parents. I DO NOT have parents. They taught me nothing! They did not treat me how it felt to feel safe, or how to help others feel safe. They NEVER showed me how we should treat those we care about, or how we should be loyal and compassionate and empathetic to others.  They were good at making things MY fault! They treated us like plants! If we put him in the sun and water him that should be enough! NOPE thats not how it works- because I am a human being I was a kid.  They never ever showed me that I was of any special value or of any value at all. They had no business having children. Neglect, emotional and physical abuse AND exposing kids tot hints they should never see.Now I have to face the reality of the years of self abuse I put myself through, be it drugs or other behaviors. I hurt myself over and over and over and that culminated in others being hurt. All I ever wanted was closeness and intimacy, to love myself and love others.They made me feel worth nothing. They taught me how to not see the world through love and compassion! However all my life I wanted that so badly and I have experienced love and compassion however they taught me that I was not worth immersing myself into that. I am so angry! I didn't ASK for this! All my life there has been a completely different person wanting to shine through but he has never been allowed to come out all the way. WELL not he has MY permission to come out because F those adults who decided it was ok to act the way they did. NOW I have to take responsibility for their actions- but I know now it is about taking full responsibility for my life, especially since I know this now.The last 2 months have been filled with so much pain and tears and hurt and confusion. I have been carrying so much inside me for so long. Its time to put it down.Im 35 and now I have to face the full-time prospect of re parenting myself. I deserve to treat myself well and others deserve for me to treat them well! I will no longer accept a life filled with hurt and pain and shutting others out from my life.I love you all. Please love yourself. We are all worth it!  I faintly let my heart break open so that I could let something else in.
This happened when I was a kid, I can't say how old, 4 or 5 maybe younger, maybe slightly older. My parents had always told me not to let anyone touch my private areas. My father owned a carpet cleaning business and he took me to work with him a lot. This time he took us to a clients place in the trailer park my grandmother was living in at the time. I was playing in the back of my dad's truck with some girl, I have no idea who she was, but she was around my age. She reached down to cup my package.I can't say this effected me in any way, but unlike similar things that happened as a teen, I never joke about how "she wanted the D" or anything stupid like that like I might with the other incidents. This one just makes me feel, violated for some reason.Is it maybe because it happened at a time I was under the impression all touching like that was bad? I DO NOT believe she intentionally assaulted me, we were just children, but the weird feeling I get when I remember that story is unlike anything else I've felt.Just looking for others opinions.
Sorry for the wall of text...So, I recently started seeing this man who is everything I ever could have imagined wanting in a partner.  He is devoted to me, kind, supportive and generally a wonderful person.  He has his own problems, but has been working hard to understand and has been supportive as we work through the issues that have come up for us. He seems honestly dedicated to make it work between us, even though my Ptsd seems to get in the way sometimes. To give some context, my last relationship was co-dependant and was also the deepest and at the same time, most messed up relationship of my life. I also come from a long history of abuse from my family. Both of my parents struggle with mental illness and addiction and severely neglected me as a child. I have a hard time understanding positive relationships and recognizing when things are normal or abusive, but am slowly getting better at it.I have been single for the past three years, during which, I tried to develop a friendship with my ex but also wanted to work things through with him because I saw it as a way to confront my recurring issues with abuse when I had the distance to gain some perspective. I know that I have forgiven some things that I maybe shouldn't have and given him a lot of credit even though I maybe should have had higher expectations for him. A lot of my friends think that I shouldn't be around him, but we invested so much energy in working things out and now only have a distant friendship with a lot of boundaries but that is also a really positive force in my life. My current partner is resentful that he has to face the consequences of what my ex did during our relationship and that I seem to cut him so much less slack than I did my ex.  I have a harder time trusting my new partner because he is safe and kind and respectful. It really scares me that he is so wonderful to me and I see myself acting emotional because I am terrified that he is going to start acting like my ex or like my parents. I realize the irony of letting my relationship with my ex affect my current relationship. I thought on some level, it was normal to be friends with an ex, even good friends sometimes. My current partner , somewhat reasonably, questions my relationship with my ex but I feel afraid of letting go of my relationship with him.  I don't have a safety net because my parents are so abusive and since this relationship is so new, I feel stuck. I am afraid to move and afraid that if I don't move, I will lose something potentially great.A further complication is that I have created all these healthy boundaries with my ex, but we are in the same social circle and if I cut him out of my life, I may  become isolated again. My new partner doesn't have a lot of friends and I worry that I will end up in the same kind of situation.  If everything goes wrong in my new relationship, I will have no where to turn.  My current partner doesn't feel comfortable with me seeing my ex as a safe place. I know my ex isn't safe because of his mental Illness and our history but I feel comfort knowing that we have this bond that has lasted so long and he at least understands my history and my illness in a way that no one else does.I feel like I am being an idiot. I thought I could be friends with my ex, but it makes my partner so angry to hear about the things he did to me and then still have to see him from time to time. It's making it difficult for me to have get togethers because my friends have had to hear about his behaviour throughout our relationship and they can't forgive him, even if I have...It just feels like I have worked so hard to get it to a place where we get along and we have the positive aspects of our relationship and the connection without the abuse.Even writing this, I feel like I am still drinking the kool-aide and maybe still acing like an abused woman...I don't know what to do...and I guess just wanted to put it out there, if even just to get it off my chest. It's easy for people to say, just get rid of him, it's harder than anything to actually do it especially when things have been good for as long as they have been. Maybe I'm still fooling myself though...my ex is not really safe nor will he ever be safe. Trying to explain this to my partner, that I could never go back to him because of the depth of the abuse I experienced, just makes him feel all the more incredulous that I am still friends with him.Am I just holding on to the comfort of my codependency? I'm so confused about all this...
My entire life I've had depression problems. After a lot of drama at an early age, my mother started to make me see a consoler- the standard social worker. They all think something is wrong with me. After soooo many attempts to get me to talk, I won't. They give up, assuming I'm bipolar. My mother never paid attention to what would happen to us (my siblings and I) when she was off having fun after her divorce. After all this time, lets say 20 or so years, I am married- and have health insurance again. The doctors constantly probe me to see B-hav as they call it (more social workers for therapy) this therapist decides I have something like PTSD and tells me to create a journal. This journal has been my personal hell. The more I write the more things I remember-that should never be remembered. Still I am left with this feeling where all I want to do is cry. Thankfully I've forgotten the things she made me write to remember. And all I feel is this tightening in my chest and I want to cry- to not exist anymore. My current Doctor wants me to go to therapy again, but I can't see the point. I've even gone to a Psychiatrist for therapy (she didn't remember shit about me so I gave up, she tried to shock answers out of me but it didn't work, I became hard and stoic) I just don't know what to do, how to move on. I do need help, and I know this but I can not endure sitting in someones office week after week with the feeling of wanting to ball up and sob. But I need help for the sake of my relationships, the people I love can't keep loving this angry hateful version of me forever. Any and all advice is extremely welcome and I thank you for taking the time to read my BS.
Please be warned that this story may upset people. It certainly makes me sick to my stomach every time I tell it. Honestly I haven't told it often but I just have to get it off my chest.I'm serious: it's fucking gross. Proceed at your own risk.I'm 46, married, father of two, living a wonderful life. I've worked hard on myself for many years and I can't deny I've really come a long way. The best part is not being constantly suicidal anymore. Yes, I struggle with low self-esteem and the damn PTSD just won't go away, but the truth is no one in my life (aside from my wife) has the slightest clue of what's in my past. I know they'd be shocked if I told them.But sometimes I have these dreams ... and I had a whopper last night. It's got me thinking about what happened and feeling sick all over again.The abuse started at around the age of eleven.At that point I was living alone with my mother. She was an alcoholic, and a pretty bad one. Everyone in her life thought of her as a warm, loving saintly person, unaware that she talked shit about all her friends and family behind their backs.She would get good and drunk frequently, but when she was on her period something happened that made it worse. Maybe her hormones were screwy, I don't know. But she became insanely horny when she was menstruating. I've heard that some women get like that. At first she would reach over and nibble my ear while we were watching TV or rub herself against me or just lie down with her head in my lap.But it escalated. She would have me in her bed -- I was the ideal abuse victim, for though I was in hell it never occurred to me to say no -- and would put my hand inside her vagina. She would put my tiny pre-pubescent penis inside her. The worst was when she was straddle my head and sit on my face, grinding her vagina against my mouth hard. The smell was overwhelming and I couldn't breathe. I may have passed out more than once.The smell of menstrual blood mixed with pussy juices, and having it all over me, was a part of my life. I would wash it off and try to continue life as if nothing had happened. I can't imagine she got much if any sexual satisfaction out of it. I guess just violating my innocence in the most horrific way possible was the real point.It would happen once in awhile, and at some point, by the time I was around fourteen, it tapered off and stopped. We never once spoke about it. Looking back I suspect it was because I had become stronger than her and approaching the point where I might say no.The strongest feeling I have when I think about the abuse is nausea. I always end up throwing up when I tell someone about it. When I finished that paragraph above I had to go puke.I know there's no scenario in which the abuse and its effects are not a part of me and my life. I know that no matter what I do I'm going to have to endure this secret inner struggle with the shit that was done to me as a kid.I know that nothing anyone says can make it better, and nothing can make it go away. I just had a powerful need to get it off my chest.Sorry if this was upsetting or disturbing for anyone.
I'm alone and in a peaceful setting. I woke up for a little bit, as I usually do because I suck at sleeping, and was trying to go back to sleep as normal when it felt like someone hit me. Just smacked me straight up across the face so hard my ears were ringing. I looked up, and of course I was still alone, and the room was dark and quiet.I swear I even heard the smack. It felt so real, but I was alone. Why did I experience this?edit: I do have a history of hallucinations, but they have never been so intense before. I've heard, felt and seen questionable things before, but this was the first time I've experienced any sort of hallucination of abuse.
I was sexually abused as a child. I'm still dealing with PTSD 8 years after I reported it and 1 year after the abuser died. I had a great handle on it, with medication and therapy and just old-fashioned elbow grease.Then I move to a new apartment, and meet my new neighbor, Brandy. Brandy has three kids, the oldest of which is an 8 year old named Leah. I like kids, I hang around and chat with them, let them pet my cats, give them candy. I fancy myself a young spinster aunt.Leah tells me that Brandy's husband, her stepfather, was kissing her with his tongue while he touched her thighs. She also reports this to her school.This is an extremely emotional time for me. I wanted so badly to help this child. If someone told me I could kill the bastard and keep her from being abused, I wouldn't have the privilege of writing this on the Internet. Instead, I'm a weak white female against a construction worker/thug. So, I try to help the mom get out.Brandy seems to be upset about the whole thing, she seems to want to leave. This is so profound to me, I begin to believe in God again. I think that I was put on Earth to suffer only so I could save this child from suffering. I could save this little girl from all the hardship I suffered!Of course, that's not how the story plays out. I devote myself to helping Brandy. I loan her hundreds of dollars, I drive her and her kids around town (she doesn't have a car or license) to keep them away from the husband, I do absolutely everything I possibly can to convince her to leave. I hold her hand through her pity-party, "Oh why did this have to happen to me? I love this man," buuuuuullshit.She forgives him. CPS drops the case because there's no physical evidence, it's just making out with an 8 year old. No big, right?I watch this little girl turn from a bubbly biker, friends with every kid in the complex, to a sullen creature who can't even manage a smile most days. I know she's hurting, I can feel it so clearly that it nearly drives me insane.It eventually does. I get so stressed out that the next time I see her stepfather, I dissociate and I remain dissociated for three days.I block Brandy's number, and figure that even if I can hardly stand watching this girl wilt, there's nothing legally that I can do. I have to wait for my next documented psychosis to do anything less than legal anyway.Brandy knocks on my door in the middle of the night. Husband's cheating on her with a fully grown woman, and she wants to leave him. Fair enough, I think. Anything to get that kid to safety.I agree to drive five hours to her hometown, the day before a big interview, because I want this kid to be happy so bad.The next morning, she forgives him.Funny thing is, she gave me a mattress that he bought because the night they fought about infidelity, he was carrying a mattress to the apartment and left it in the parking lot. This mattress was not for gas money, not for my time - I never required her to do anything for what I did for her. She moved it into my apartment to spite her husband, and I got a friend to take it to her house because this friend didn't have a mattress.Brandy flips the fuck out, demanding the mattress because her husband wants it back. Too fucking bad.It's petty as hell, but the cops that are called (I was not there for her meltdown, and my roommate is taking exactly none of her shit) and they side with me. She gave me the mattress as a gift, it was in my apartment, no take backs.I haven't seen her since. My friends are worried that she'll come after me. She has an assault charge on her record.I don't care.If she assaults me, she goes to jail. If she goes to jail, she loses the kids for a while. For a while, those kids will be safe at their birth father's. I'll take a beating for that.The worst part is when my roommate called her out during the dispute. She pointed out that she's with a pedophile despite every effort that everyone around the apartment complex made to get her out of that situation. Her response? "I don't care, he's my husband and I love him."She doesn't even care for her child.It makes me physically ill. It makes me shake with rage. I tried so damn hard to help that little girl.I don't believe in God anymore.Brandy had her chances and screwed it up. So did the big guy.It seems like you can't be nice in this world. You can't make things better. You can either be a bitch to someone, or be somebody's bitch.We all know damn well we're not victims anymore.EDIT: The deleted comment below read "This family should get a restraining order against you."
I am beyond frustrated with society as a whole.The love of my life was in a 10 year relationship and she was extraordinarily abusive. Not only verbally and emotionally, but physically too.Thing is, anytime he tries to reach out for help, he is treated as if he were the abuser. She attacked him and he went to jail for simply standing there and taking her abuse. There is no place for him to take shelter, no place for him to seek counseling, no help what so ever.Why is it that our society thinks men cannot be abused??Thank you for reading and allowing me to vent, if you have had a similar situation or have any advice to be offered I am all ears.
Hello, /r/survivorsofabuse!Today in /r/MensLib we learned about the Dream Center, America's first shelter for male survivors of sex trafficking. Once the shelter is built, the State of Florida will fund 80% of their operations - but they still need around $100,000 to get the project off the ground, so we're spreading the word to drive donations to what we think is a very worthwhile cause. If you're interested, please check out [our post](https://www.reddit.com/r/MensLib/comments/3pj35d/action_alert_lets_contribute_to_the_dream_center/) on the topic, and contribute if you can!Many thanks to the /r/survivorsofabuse mods for allowing us to share this with your community.
I will try to keep this brief but please have patience if I don't succeed.Here is the story as I knew it this time last year:I am an adult survivor of childhood sexual abuse. I was abused by my uncle. I don't know when it began. The clearest memory I have of it is from before I was in school - I would guess I was 4. It's my first memory. I don't think it went on very long. I think someone would have noticed, and I think I would have more memories if it happened for a long time. He is 11 years older than me, so he was in his mid-teens at the time. He struggled with depression and other issues throughout this time. He was hospitalized for attempted suicide several times. I remember going into his room with my mom and finding a pack of razor blades. I believe he self-harmed. I have recently begun to think that he had probably been sexually abused. Teenagers aren't suicidal, self-harming, and molesting little kids without something seriously disrupting their own lives and development.I was raised by a single mother who is bipolar and was not diagnosed until I was an adult. I spent a lot of time at my grandparents' house. When I was 7, my mother and I moved in with my grandparents. Part of it was that she needed support, and part of it was that my grandparents needed someone to watch my uncle.From that point I basically had three parents. My grandparents taught me a lot, came to my defense when my mother was manic and on a rampage, and took care of me when she was in a depressive state and wouldn't get out of bed. When I was 14, my mom moved out to go live with the woman who is now my step-mom. I decided to stay with my grandparents. Whenever I refer to my parents from during my childhood, I mean my mom, my nana, and my grandpa. When I refer to them from during my adult life, I mean my mom, nana, grandpa, and step-mom.I struggled with depression my entire life. I had a plethora of problems throughout my teens including self-harm, suicidal thoughts and attempts, hypersexuality (to the point of getting into incredibly dangerous situations, like meeting older men from the internet and getting in their cars), and a string of relationships that were abusive in various ways.I got married a month after I turned 19. We were both horribly abusive to each other. I was emotionally manipulative and controlling, she was emotionally and psychologically abusive, and eventually sexually abusive. The marriage dissolved after 7 years.I told absolutely no one about the abuse until I was in my mid- to late-teens. I told two of my S.O.s and three of my friends. I couldn't bring myself to tell a therapist so therapy never helped. I all but vowed to myself that no one in my family would ever find out. I was scared they would think I was lying, or that it would cause a schism in the family, or that my mother would literally kill him (or try to), and that it would hurt my grandparents far too much to be worth it. I saw him at every holiday and family gathering for my entire life until I went as no-contact as possible in my mid-twenties. Unfortunately, that meant largely cutting away from my whole family. I love and like my family very much aside from him and my other uncle. The other uncle never did anything bad to me, he's just an asshole. I lived with my abuser until I was 18.I started getting antsy. I wanted people to know. I wanted to confront my uncle. I wanted to know what actually happened and I wanted to hear him admit it. I knew I couldn't accomplish any of that without significant intervention.Spring 2014, I told my aunt. She took it as well as could be expected. She encouraged me to get help. She helped me see that my uncle is not an evil person, he is not a monster. What he did is evil and monstrous, but he is more than that one action. He has lived an entire life aside from that. Seeing it in that light gave me the sense of peace I needed to move forward.That fall (last fall) I finally went back to therapy and told my therapist in the first session. Things didn't work out with her, but I'm now seeing a different therapist with whom I am completely open. I'm also seeing a psychiatrist who has put me on medication to help me cope while I go through therapy. I'm being treated for PTSD, and my psychiatrist suspects I have bipolar II.Last spring, I graduated from college. I'm incredibly proud. That's a major life goal that, deep down, I was sure I would never accomplish. It took 5 years and a lot of struggle, but I did it.Here's the story as I now know it:Last winter I was talking to a childhood friend. I told her that the reason I had such a hard time when we were friends (early elementary school) was because I was sexually abused when I was very young. She told me she knew, that I talked to her about it as if it was still happening when we were in school together. She was young and didn't understand and didn't know what to do about it. She didn't really put the pieces together until she was much older.I told her it was still happening when I was in 2nd grade. What I thought was a very brief thing was actually happening for at least 3 years. When she told me that, some... memories? feelings? something started to surface. I recalled him starting to date girls his age, and I remember feeling jealous and tossed aside. Those feelings were happening somewhere around 3rd or 4th grade. Before then, I really had absolutely no idea what triggered my 6th grade suicide attempt. I chalked it up to too many years of bullying and finally snapping. Now I wonder if that's when he finally stopped the abuse and, because of the years of abuse and conditioning, I was heartbroken and felt that I had no purpose anymore, or if he had stopped it shortly before then and I had begun to internalize the feeling that I had been used and would never be whole or normal. On top of that, it was right around that age that I became hypersexual. At around 11 or 12 I started seeking out much older men on the internet and meeting them for sex. I think I was directly trying to fill the void that had come from the end of my uncle's abuse. My value as a person was directly tied to how sexually desirable I was to older men. The only way I could feel loved and wanted was through being used. I'm not sure about the abuse lasting that long, but I have a strong suspicion.Regardless of exactly how long it was happening, learning that it was happening for years when I thought it had happened for maybe months, was devastating and earth shattering. I felt so much more betrayed than before - by him for the duration and by my parents for never noticing.I've been steadily working with my therapist to treat PTSD, and also to get closer to being able to talk to my uncle. She's helped me work out what I want to say, what I want to accomplish with the conversation, and what will happen if it does or doesn't go how I want it to. I feel ready.Early this month I had a housewarming party. I stepped out with my mother to show her the yard and we started talking about holiday stuff. She said that my aunt really wants me to come to Thanksgiving this year, and I said that I probably wouldn't. She pressed, I told her that I didn't want to see my uncle. She asked "Is this still about politics?"I got quiet, trying to predict what would happen if I told her. "I guess I have to come clean sometime..." I paused. The apprehension must have been clear on my face.Her voice got quiet and she said, "Oh, honey... Did he hurt you?"A few years ago I told my mom that I was sexually abused as a small child, but I refused to tell her who did it. Now, she was finally able to put the pieces together. I admitted that he did and talked with her about it briefly. She apologized, told me that she would have gotten me out so fast if she had known. I told her that I don't blame her or hate her for it. She's not the one who did it. It's no ones fault that I was hurt except for his. Then I let the subject change. Like me, my mom needs a lot of time to process things internally before she can really deal with them.And that's where I am now. I'm still reeling a bit from learning about how long the abuse went on. Therapy has been a struggle to keep going to, and it's been a struggle to keep working at it.On the other hand, a huge weight has been lifted. I now feel like an open book about the abuse. I can talk about it in general terms with anyone, I'm no longer shy or ashamed of it. It's not a secret. I've broken the silence.
http://www.livingwithdidandptsd.space/2015/10/watching-your-depression-creep-up-on-you.html
I was diagnosed as inattentive type ADHD in my early 20's, then went on to have a seriously traumatic childbirth that resulted in a diagnosis of PTSD. Received EMDR treatment with CBT to work through it and all seemed back to "normal" (whatever that is). I'm back in CBT due to some more recent revelations and it seems like I have PTSD from my abusive childhood that was misdiagnosed as ADHD. I feel like I definitely do have some symptoms of ADHD, but in light of the new information I have learned about my childhood, PTSD makes a lot of sense too.  Has anyone else had this experience?  
My half-brother was the golden child while I was the scapegoat; he was my abuser's child, I'm not. Today I was talking to him about our childhood and he doesn't seem to remember anything traumatic. I know he doesn't know about some stuff but to not recall anything at all?I'm so scared I'm insane. I don't have any reason to believe he's lying when he says he doesn't remember, and now I'm scared that somehow I made it all up. That then my PTSD is somehow fake and I MA some kind of psychotic. I'm clinging on to the fact that here's some sexual harassment stuff he wasn't present for that happened later on, so my memories are clearer and I've had it validated by an outside source, so at least some of my memories have to be true, but how can my brother not remember the violence and emotional abuse I suffered for years before that?
.
http://www.livingwithdidandptsd.space/2015/10/dealing-with-my-sexual-abuse.htmlThanks for reading, any advice would be appreciated.
My post is twofold but I put it together because it has the same main issue but I need advise in two separate parts. I have panic disorder, and possible PTSD (undiagnosed because while my doctor agrees I probably have it, she won't diagnose me with it). The PTSD would be from my abusive ex. I've had many people telling me "to get over it," "that's in the past," "you're a survivor not a victim," and my favorite, "he can't hurt you now, you need to move on." In this vein runs the firs issue. The other day my mother asked me to go pick something up from the library for her. Now my abuser frequents the library often, and I tend to break down and have an anxiety attack when I'm there (I'm pretty sure it qualifies as a trigger.) I told her I wouldn't go because of that reason. She told me, "you know, I wish you and I could run into him somewhere, and you would see that he can't hurt you ." I said if I saw him I'd run like hell away and as soon as I could break down into a panic attack. She said that was an excuse and I needed to move on. I said that's not how you deal with this issue and she got mad (specifics forgotten, but she was upset because I "refuse" to get over it).So, I told my boyfriend about said interaction, and he said he thinks I shouldn't let someone I hate have that kind of control over me. I said it wasn't conscious, it was primal fear instinct. This was pretty late at night so he said he had to go to bed since he was falling asleep as he typed. I can't really get mad though, he doesn't really understand these issues, I'm more frustrated than anything with him.So my questions are these: am I valid in having this response to seeing my abuser? And how do I tell my boyfriend that I can't help it? TL;DR: mom thinks I should get over fear of seeing abuser that created possible PTSD, and bf doesn't get why I should let abuser have this control over me. Help?
This is causing me enough problems that I won't correct my therapist when she makes a mistake. It's just to emotional to say anything.
Finding inner strength and emotional support after an abusive childhood and relationship has been incredibly hard. Yoga is something I've come back to as a source of strength and self-nurturing. This class was designed especially to support women who are in and who have left abusive relationships. Peace, Love and Healing.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKNHcIBSme8
I'm 34 years old. Female. Have struggled with abuse throughout my entire life (I recently uncovered this fact).  I was treated as if I was PTSD with MDD for years before being diagnosed as Bipolar and ADD.  I have struggled through an abusive childhood, rape, and several abusive relationships.  I am a HUGE advocate for those who live with the repercussions of child abuse (sexual, emotional and physical) as well as mental illness. It has taken me nearly 10 years of therapy to nick the surface of where and when my trauma began.  My diagnoses are are genetic but my life experiences are not.  I think that the combination of the two have lead me to understand coping and psychological healing in a very diverse way.  I am an advocate for mental health (especially bipolar, major depressive disorder, PTSD, and ADD/ADHD) and for the survivors of adult and child abuse of all forms.  I have worked in the medical field for 18 years. Have a degree in bio/medical science and am working on a masters degree in hopes of helping others in need though my own personal experiences.  I hope to make my experience of confronting my own traumas into something that can help others. It helps me to talk to people who have experiences that are like my own.  I hope that this forum will give me the ability to share my struggles and coping techniques openly and, in doing so, help others.  In short "Hello, I'm Coraline. I've dealt with some awful shit and maybe we can help each other out"
I miss the pain, a lot. I'm so depressed with my life. I just want someone to hit me like my father did, or sexually abuse me like my stepfather did. I miss the pain so much. My life feels so broken right now. I feel like I've been robbed of a childhood and I'm angry and upset. I like to watch violent porn and imagine it's me getting beaten and bruised. I don't watch it for sexual arousal, I watch it only to torture myself. I don't know why. I'm so fucked up. I'm just in high school, but I feel the urge to go out and find old men that will use me. Hurt me. I know if I'm caught I'll probably get suspended and stripped from my honor classes, but I want it. I miss it so much.I begged a friend to just hit me. To use me. He turned away of course, and got creeped out. I've tried sustaining these thoughts, but they get too much. I'm seeing a psychiatrist weekly, but none of this helps anymore. I have this weird anon on tumblr who likes to send me hate daily, about how much they want me to kill myself or such. I got a message yesterday that when they watch porn they look for asian girls getting raped and imagine it's me, and they go into graphic detail about what happens. I don't know why I keep anon on, but I wish someone would do that to me again. I know they're being a jackass to me, but I love them, in a weird sense. I know it's the same person too, because I have an IP tracker on my blog. I just want someone to hurt me or use me again. My life feels empty without the pain. I'm too emotional thinking about my life. I want someone to just beat me until all I can feel is pain anymore. Physical pain is so much better than my emotional pain nowadays. I know I'm so weird and fucked up..but I don't know what to do anymore. 
It's been 7 years since my first boyfriend I've ever had abused me for a year. I've fallen to depression, have triggered bipolar symptoms/disorder, and am dealing with PTSD. The last time I was with someone was 3 years ago, but every time I get close to something romantic or even sexual I panic, I get anxious, and I feel like I'm losing the battle.I feel so alone. I want to be able to have someone to hug. Someone to cuddle with. Someone to hold hands with. My anxiety won't even let me do that. I feel more and more lonesome each night as I sleep in my empty bed.Although I make progress, the progress itself makes it seem like complete failure.Why is it so hard to just have a normal life as a 22 year old??
I have been having a particularly tough week.  I've been working through a trauma egg exercise in group therapy, and some particularly difficult experiences came up.  I feel like I'm fifteen years old again, when I was at my lowest point and was suicidal and self injuring.I feel like my family (consisting of a bunch of emotionally unavailable, manipulative, narcissistic "dry drunks") dug a deep hole that I was placed into, and it's my job to now fill that hole enough so that I can climb out.  The only problem is that the only tool I have for the job is a plastic spoon.  Yes, I'm making progress, but the hole is so deep and the progress so incremental that it's just overwhelming.  I don't want to spend the rest of my life doing this work, and yet I don't have any other choice. It's either do the work or die, and I am at least in a place where I don't want that.Sorry for the rant.  I'm just emotionally exhausted, and needed to vent.
I've never told the full story to anyone, I usually just summarize or give pieces. I'm hoping it will be therapeutic to put the story here. Also, I'm a 24yo woman, been married for almost 4 years, no kids.My mother and father never got along. My mother is an alcoholic and while my parents were still married (got divorced when I was 16) my dad was in the military and therefore was never home. I am an only child, and so I spent pretty much all of my time at home alone in my room, I also didn't talk much to anyone not even family. For the times when my dad was away and my mom had work functions I had a babysitter that lived across the street. I lived in this house from age 4 to age 10. I don't know when the abuse by my babysitter began. I don't remember every event or how long the abuse when on, I think for 2 or 3 years. I remember several times and I have flashbacks of inappropriate things that person did. I'm not sure If I want to remember everything. I tried to tell my mom about what was happening but she either didn't believe me or was too drunk to even pay attention. I didn't tell my dad because I was afraid he would think it was my fault. He had a bad temper then and was frequently emotionally abusive and occasionally physically abusive. I have never brought it up again to my mother and I can't bear to tell my dad. He and I have reconciled and I don't want him to feel bad about something that happened while he wasn't even home. During that same time period my mother had a friend with a daughter my age. That daughter had her own set of issues and tried several times to do sexual things with me. I would say no but she would force herself on me. I never told anyone about those times. At age 10 my parents and I moved. A girl who is a year older than me became my friend. We were always hanging out together after school. On several occasions she tried to be sexual with me. She was never forceful, but it made me feel depressed that I seemed to attract this unwanted sexual behavior. Again, I never told anyone about these times.At 21 I got married and my husband knew about the first child sexual abuse. He's been supportive and patient. He's also been amazing helping me deal with my alcoholic mother. Sometimes during sex I'll have flashbacks and I'll feel sick but I try to focus on my husband. I've also been really lucky in my adult life to meet women who also experienced CSA. I think sometimes we know each other has had those experiences before we even share stories.6 years ago the babysitter abuser tried to add me on facebook. I had almost completely forgotten about my CSA until then and I realized I should probably face it. I went to one therapy session and just felt like I didn't want to explore my feelings anymore. I've been living in South America for two years with my husband and I haven't seen family in over a year. Also my alcoholic mother has been especially nasty to me (through social media and email) the last 6 months. Lately I've felt some depression and I think I've been having anxiety attacks. I've always lived with anxiety but it's never been this strong. I'm hoping to go see a therapist soon, I'm just trying to find a good one who also speaks English. My life is great and I don't think my abuse defines me or follows me around, but if there is a way to feel better and manage my anxiety I'd like to try.Anyway, thank you for taking the time to read. Somehow I feel safe posting my story here.
An article about what it is like to have sex after being raped at 14 http://www.dailycal.org/2015/10/06/sex-after-rape/
Since I'm not sure if this was actually abuse or not, this may be the wrong or inappropriate subreddit for this, so I apologize in advance if it is.I've never spoken or even hinted about this to anybody-- not therapists, none of my friends-- but it's been eating at me for years, and I feel like I have to tell someone, even if it is strangers on the Internet. I'm also typing on a phone, so this text post will be long, whiny, boring, and rife with grammatical errors. Again, I'm sorry about that.Some background: I'm a 21 year old female, my parents divorced when I was seven, and I was raised by my mother with limited contact with my father. My mom started dating my future stepfather-- I'll call him "Bob"-- when I was eight, and up until that point I don't remember ever having been hit, spanked, or deprived of any essentials. My mother also came from a very abusive household (Southern Baptist, 1970s, and my grandfather is unanimously acknowledged as a massive d*ckhole.)Bob at the time was a drug user, although the only drugs I have evidence that he did are prescription pills and weed. My mom's behavior changed a lot after she moved in with him, which makes me suspect she was on something as well, but I don't know for sure. This was when I started receiving corporal punishment: I was backhanded in the face and the back of my head, never enough to seriously injure me but hard enough to bend my glasses if she accidentally hit them. I was also belted, generally about five-ten times, not on bare skin, enough to leave bruising but not enough to tear the skin or leave permanent scarring. I was occasionally shaken or pushed, but this was very rarely. I wasn't a perfect child and I'm sure some of these incidents were warranted, but the majority of the time they were delivered out of anger, with no explanation of what I had done wrong, even if I asked. This taught me to fear her, which made me avoid her, which of course hurt her feelings and worsened the situation. My mother has a very quick, very bad temper, and when she was angered she would usually back me against a wall, scream, cry, threaten or insult me, destroy my things, and claim I was hurting her on purpose. This would go on for a few hours, and her mood would last for a few days before she would eventually get over it. When it went overboard-- if she did destroy my things or injure me on accident-- she would be remorseful and apologize, but never try to stop. If I showed anger or said anything, it would make it worse, so I learned to keep as calm as possible and not speak until she was finished. When she wasn't angry, she would still make fun of me, like calling me stupid, a brat, a bitch, that she hated me, or saying something about my appearance, like me having buck teeth. Otherwise she was usually not interested in me, although she could be strict (but not unreasonably so). I didn't receive a lot of attention or spoken to often, but not to the point of criminal neglect-- I wasn't starved or dirty or anything. I was an only child and didn't have many friends so I was usually just left to entertain myself. Bob was never abusive to me, but he didn't pay a lot of attention to me and doesn't particularly like me. He was aware of what my mother did but never said anything.My mother is also very suspicious and jealous by nature, freely admitting that she goes through my diaries and personal things. I wasn't a rebellious kid at all, and don't know what exactly she was suspiciouus of, but I had no privacy when it came to personal belongings.Neither of them are monsters, and while my feelings about them are complicated I don't hate them. I know that my mother never did any of this out of cruelty or pure hatred. I got nice things occasionally like a GameBoy and games, books, clothes, etc. My mother when she's in a good mood is a charming, funny, caring, and likeable person. It's when her emotions take over that she becomes violent and says nasty things. I'm not blameless, either; I didn't cause trouble out of malice, and never broke the law, but I am lazy, didn't do chores and homework, and said inappropriate jokes at school for attention. Like I said, although oftentimes I didn't know what I'd done, at least some of my punishments were deserved.The majority of this stopped when I entered high school, and although she can still get very angry sometimes, she has become a much calmer, understanding person. We're on much better terms now. She is accepting of me being gay, generally supportive of my goals, and gives good advice. She has not used physical discipline since I was fourteen. Bob and I don't talk much, but he did give me a TV when I moved out, which was really nice of him. Neither are paying for my education but my mother is encouraging me to save up and go to school. I've brought up some of my thoughts about this to her once, but she has denied ever using corporal punishment on me. I don't know if she is lying or genuinely doesn't remember. Anyway, I apologize for the huge wall of self-pitying text. There's even more, but I've been typing for an hour (ssh, I'm on my phone) and it's already long enough. It's just something that's been bothering me for years and I've been trying to ignore the negative memories, but I need closure on it so I can grow the hell up and stop wallowing in it. Any answers or advice are really appreciated. Thank you.
My mother told me today, "I know you think certain things happened when you were a kid, but I don't think you're remembering it right. I saw this with my brother; he would talk about things that the rest of us never saw happening. I know you both interpreted things worse than they really were, but just know that's not reality."Is that true? Do people usually interpret things as abusive when they weren't? My mother was always a big fan of venal and emotional manipulation: I only remember being actuality hit a few times. Am I making all the hurtful things she said up in my head?
Hi, I'm not sure if this is the right sub to write this in but I don't really know where to go. I'll try to keep this short and I could really use some help. Let me start off by giving a brief rundown and if anyone wants more info or think it would be useful to have a better idea of what happened let me know.I [27m] dated a girl in while I was in high school for 3 years. We were crazy about each other as high schoolers are but for various reasons it didn't work out. We broke up her freshman year of college (she is one year older than me.) We more or less stopped talking. Now, nearly 10 years later, we have reconnected as she just moved cross country to be back home. A few weeks ago she disclosed to me that she had been raped by a mutual friend of ours about 7 years ago. She also told me that she has PTSD and has dissociative episodes occasionally. They are generally rare as mild panic attacks don't cause the dissociation and it is only during big breakdowns that she loses herself. I had seen a mild one and it was relatively easy to help her talk through it and break out of the harmful mental cycle.Well, last night she had a full blown breakdown coupled with some serious disassociation. Curled in a ball, crying while apologizing, saying that he's not a bad person, insisting it was stupid over and over... Very circular thinking. She eventually went practically catatonic. She couldn't or wouldn't speak, she couldn't walk really (I had to practically carry her to the bathroom, dress her for bed, put her in bed, position her so that her head was on a pillow, etc.) This morning she has no recollection of what happened and just feels embarrassed and guilty and worried that I might not be up for this.So my question is this: what are some resources out there that I can check out that will help me get a better understanding of what is going on with her, what helps and what doesn't, etc. Books, websites, anything. And second, what if anything can I do to help if this happens again? Does anyone have anything that maybe helps them or someone they know? I know I can't fix it and I know it's not my fault, but if there is anything I can do to help or just make it a little easier on her then I want to give it a shot. Thankfully they are rare but I want to be prepared for the next time.Thank you for reading this far and again, sorry if this is the wrong place to post this.
I'm 25[F] and I want to share my story with people who will understand. In 2010 I was depressed and tried to kill myself. Shortly after being released from hospital, I met somebody online, who was the first person to give me attention in that way. He was from Amsterdam and I'm in the UK. He visited me for a week and I was in love. He went to university in Boston and I moved there for a few months to be with him. In 2011, we had a fight and he pushed me into a cabinet and I hit my head. When I met his family he told me not to say a word to them about myself and just be vague... Little did I know, it was because he was a compulsive liar and didn't want his family to know what he was really like. Summer 2011 he moves back to Holland, I go with him. We have more fights where he throws all my things down the stairs in his mum's house. I'm actually very ill and don't realise it. In 2012, the abuse got worse. I was diagnosed as a type 1 diabetic and nearly died. He locks me in rooms without my insulin while our room mate does nothing while I'm screaming and banging on the door begging for my medicine. He lied to me about everything. About nothing. Even buying milk when the receipt was on the counter. Used my credit card without permission... Throws a chair at my face when I question it. I'm all alone in a foreign country with no money or friends or family. He tells all our friends I'm abusing him and uses fake emotions to get them on his side. One night after I refused sex he held me down and caused my wrists to go purple with bruises. He hit me. I asked the roommate for help and he told me it was all my fault for questioning him. We get bills in Dutch saying we are missing rent, he lies and says not to read his mail. He hit me again. I escaped the house one night and he chased me to the town center and jumped in the canal and said he would stay there unless I came back with him. My grandmother died on my birthday in 2012. He pushed me into a bookshelf that day and I hit my head and was bleeding. I never stood up for myself. December 2012 I left. I came back to England and decided to stay. He claimed to be heartbroken and to be the victim. This man has no emotions whatsoever, he fakes them so well. He told his family I cheated on him. In march 2013, I got a message saying one of our cats is dead because I wasn't there. That was the last time I heard from him. He still has everything important to me, my sentimental belongings. All of 2013 I decide to get a drinking problem, I did some drugs and slept around. I tried suicide again twice and I could not live without alcohol. I couldn't sleep. Today, in 2015, I have the love of my life. But the pain is still there. I now have anxiety that wasn't there before and I've become so overly defensive and I stand up for myself all the time. I am still suffering very much on the inside. I feel like I can never be truly happy because I can't let go of what happened. My current boyfriend is so loving and caring and I feel guilty for talking about it. My cat's death broke my heart and took a piece I will never get back. He didn't deserve to die at 3 years old. How can I escape my past? I feel like I'm haunted by these memories forever, I have panic attacks I anything remotely reminds me of my ex abuser. I consider myself a survivor... But the battle scars aren't fully healed.
http://www.livingwithdidandptsd.space/2015/10/wanting-to-change-past.html
I'm not sure is this is really a thing, but my boyfriend just mentioned it to me and I'm kind of surprised I haven't heard more about this. So, I'm here to ask you all. My boyfriend gets extremely shitty when he's in pain for any reason. Toothache, back hurts, etc. He gets grumpy and moody and is extremely touchy and hard to even be around, much less talk to. He got shitty with me tonight over text (while dealing with a toothache and back pain, two common occurrences for him) and I pretty well shut him down. I just said I'd leave him be until he was in a better mood. If I react to him when he's like that it just escalates into an argument so I tried doing the opposite tonight. He texted me back admitting he wasn't being fair and apologizing. He calmed down and we talked things out. I wondered out loud why he reacts so strongly to pain. He said he was beaten his entire childhood, pain has become a trigger. He gets mood swings and seriously HATES any kind of pain, so it sort of makes sense. He said every time he's in pain, he gets angry and depressed. I guess I've just never heard of this happening before and wonder if anyone else has ever experienced the same sort of thing? Thanks in advance.
So: Long story short, my mother is an incredibly abusive person who has extorted me since I turned 18. I'm starting to see just how much her toxic behavior has isolated me, and I really need to vent.I'm going to start with the most recent shit and then go from there.I am eight months pregnant and can't work due to pregnancy complications (preeclampsia, among other things). My fiance has picked up the slack (and thankfully I had a cushion available - more on that in a moment), but as you might imagine, money is tight. We manage to live independently, but only just, and it's getting to the point where we have to consider using assistance to help us make ends meet without sacrificing other things (like, um, food).This wasn't the case two months ago. I had a fairly decent job that I was able to perform with very little danger. It was stressful, but it paid the bills, and I received a fair amount of job satisfaction from it. (I earned about $400 a week. Not bad for a college student.)And then my mother found herself in financial trouble.This is fairly standard operating procedure for my mother. She's horrendous with money, has been since I was a child, and doesn't have any qualms with extorting money from loved ones. I am the only child who she was allowed custody of (my brother is fifteen and currently lives full-time with his biological father), so I'm stuck in the position of financial caregiver, and until recently it was a position I gladly accepted. (She worked as an English teacher until 2008, when she developed an immune disease and could no longer work in a school environment. She's also highly mentally ill and incapable of living on her own.)I loved my mother.The rub:She is currently sheltering and taking care of my abusive stepfather. For context: This man has tried to kill me on numerous occasions, starting from the time I was fifteen until about June 2013 (when he put me in a headlock, lifted me off the ground, and threw me into a wall). He is a convicted felon, has probably perpetuated sex crimes against his own children, and has not held a job in more than ten years because of his belligerent attitude.He married my mother when I was thirteen, about 2005 if I'm doing the math properly; he then had a years-long affair with a crack-addicted homeless woman (long story behind that one) during which he physically, emotionally, and mentally abused me in an attempt to prevent the facts of the affair from coming out. Eventually, I got photographic evidence of the affair which, while not court-admissible, proved that the woman he was "trying to minister to" was in fact sleeping with him; my mother threw him out of their home, I no longer had to tolerate the abusive behavior, and he wound up living in a condemned trailer just outside of town with the aforementioned crack-addicted homeless woman.However, he developed emphysema as a result of living in this condemned trailer (which isn't surprising since winters get very, very cold where I live). In 2012, he developed COPD and was told that he would die within the year if he didn't live in a place that had regular temperature control.So who takes him back in? My mother.At this time, I was paying my mother a fair amount of rent for the "privilege" of staying with her during the summers. (I stayed in a dorm on campus for the rest of the year.) My thought was that it benefited everyone; I wouldn't have to pay a ton of rent while I was in school, my mother wouldn't be alone, and I wouldn't have to worry about her getting evicted from her home. I also thought that my mother would look at how dutiful I had been since I graduated high school (I worked part-time through college to help pay her bills) and would see that I was always here for her, while her husband was literally nothing more than an adulterous burden who beat the shit out of her daughter and sapped her resources. I knew she was in love with him, but I thought that if I took care of her, I would be able to protect her (and myself) from his manipulative behavior. I also had no faith that her friends (who are notorious for using her) would step in if he became physically violent towards her, and I had no indication that he wouldn't turn the blame on her once I stopped being convenient. I know it sounds ridiculous now, but I loved my mother.Turns out I should have let the bitch rot where she fell.She brought him back less than a week before I had to return home for Thanksgiving in 2012. I had already paid her the rent I would have owed her for the winter break (actually I paid her more than I owed her - long story), so I no longer had any cash to my name. It also doesn't help that finding a place to live in a college town in a week is basically impossible; I wound up homeless for a month before ultimately deciding that even tolerating abuse was better than losing everything (including my college career).All in all, I paid her $2500 that year - more than enough to pay the $350 rent, the security deposit, the first month's rent, and six months extraneous rent on the apartment I ultimately got - before I realized my mother intended to bring my stepfather back into her home. Though I had an income, it was a part-time minimum wage income that didn't provide me with enough to afford the apartments that were available in a small college town on such short notice (think "$1500 monthly rent" rather than "$350 rent" and you'll have what I was working with at the time). I needed money, I needed time, I needed support, and I had none of those things.So I lived with my mother and her abusive husband in January before returning to school, then lived with her from early May to late June while I looked for an apartment. During the time I lived with them, my stepfather prevented me from working (by disconnecting the internet - working freelance requires internet when you live in a small town), stole my identity in order to purchase a used car (I got that repo'd), beat the shit out of me, physically restrained me from calling the police about the violence, and then summarily convinced my mother that I caused all the marital issues that led to his affair. (The latter part... may be true. Not that he didn't deserve it, but still.)Eventually I found a place that was $350 a month with utilities included (split between four other people) that didn't require credit checks. I spent most of my money on the rent for that place. I moved into a one-bedroom efficiency as soon as one became available (a year later, sadly), then moved into a larger one-bedroom with my fiance.But during this time, my mother still needed money. I, like the gigantic sap I am, gave it to her.She explained that she was allowing my stepfather to stay with us because he had health problems. She promised that he was contributing to the finances, that the money I gave her didn't go to supporting him, and that she just needed someone to help her out. I was fine with this, because if you don't support your family (even your mentally-ill, codependent family who's trapped in an abusive marriage), then who do you support?Then I got pregnant. Then I lost most of my freelance work, since much of it required being available at all hours of the night and I couldn't do that anymore while I was pregnant.Then I had a miscarriage (the pregnancy was initially a multiple pregnancy) and lost the 9-to-5 job I obtained to replace my freelance work as a result of a temp worker policyThroughout it all, I did everything I could to help support her... but things were getting rough. Eventually, I got a stable journalism job that wasn't physically demanding and paid about $400 a week. It wasn't much, and I was still considered an independent contractor, but $1200 a month as a college student? With rent and utilities totaling no more than $660 a month, split between my fiance and I? Yeah, life seemed like it was getting good. I had money to spare, or so I thought, despite being six months pregnant - and my bosses were/are aware of the pregnancy, so they were prepared for the six-week break I would have to take when October rolled around.And my mother needed help, so I agreed to help her so long as I could continue to work. But around the seven month mark, I started showing signs of late-term preeclampsia. Those of you who have been pregnant, have known people who were pregnant, or are in the medical profession may recognize preeclampsia as "that one complication that will murder you dead if you aren't careful". I was put on bedrest and ordered not to work by my OBGYN - and because I was an independent contractor, I lost my income.I told my mother I couldn't help her. She pressured me to help her anyway, and I lost my temper - I told her everything she'd done or allowed others to do. I blame hormones and some other craziness going on with my future mother in law.She lost her shit - said it was just a loan (first off, not true - she had never paid me back for anything I 'loaned' her, no matter how adamantly she promised she would - and second off, it didn't matter, because I no longer had enough funds to justify it given the pregnancy), then said I was a bad daughter for not immediately jumping to acquiesce to her demands. While all of this is going on, I'm dealing with reactions from the adoption proceedings from my fiance's family, a resurgence of my bipolar disorder, massive dissociative episodes likely caused by hormones, and the like. I eventually sent her a long, painful email in which I enumerated everything she had done to me from the time I turned thirteen until now, at which point I gave her a tally of everything I loaned her and told her that unless she either paid it all back or got rid of her abusive husband, then I would never loan her another cent.So now she's contacted my future mother-in-law, who has been surprisingly supportive throughout all of it, as well as my psychiatrist and my fiance, all in an attempt to paint me as the abusive party. (I should write an update about my FMIL somewhere, because it turns out the crazy was somewhat justified.) She's also claimed that the email I sent constituted harassment and has called the police on me, despite the fact that I sent her one email after she harangued me for money for months.Ugh. I just can't with my mother right now.
When I was younger, I was abnormally small. I don't know if this has anything to do with why I was targeted, but I know it has a lot to do with why I couldn't fight back. I was four the first time I recall being molested. At four, I was the size of an average two year old. I was playing outside when a family friend called out to me from behind the mango tree in our backyard. He told me there were honey ants collecting the sap from the tree, so I ran over at the promise of a sweet snack. He pulled me onto his lap and plucked a few ants from the tree, teaching me how to eat them without swallowing any part of the ant that could hurt me. I was having fun, I was enjoying the time with him, eating traditional food. He waited so patiently for me to drop my guard, for an opening of any kind, and when he found it he pinned me down and he struck. That was the first time I bled, and I was terrified. I went to my father and told him what had happened. His response? "We're going to go for a bath to clean you up. Don't tell your mummy." The man who did it was my fathers best friend. He continued to abuse me for a year. Any time he saw an opening, I would be assaulted and left feeling confused, ashamed and depressed. I was four years old. I didn't know how to process what was happening to me, so I kept my word and didn't tell mummy. During this time, I developed an intense fear of Barney the Dinosaur. I was terrified that he would sneak into my room and touch me at night. Probably because somebody already was, but for some reason the idea of a huge purple dinosaur doing the same thing was twice as scary. I still joke about this fear today. We moved away shortly after my fifth birthday, and I felt a relief unlike anything I had ever experienced before. I was left alone for a year, only having to deal with the physical abuse my father subjected me to when he was drinking. My second molester was my brother. He'd been sexually abused as a child, and I think we all know how that cycle often works. He began a few months before I was due to turn seven. He started to call me into his room for "Fun time". Time that he would pay attention to me and we would play together. I loved the attention he was paying me, I rejoiced in the time I got to spend with my brother. Then things began to change. I could already pinpoint the switch at that point. It wasn't my first rodeo. Things slowly became different. More physical contact here, a longer touch there. I didn't know how to stop it. I wish I knew how to stop it. That lasted several months, we were still being physically abused by my father. Both my brother and my father moved away that year for unrelated reasons. I still didn't tell anyone. I had another year unmolested - from seven years old to eight. A year I was grateful for, because my first intrusive suicidal thoughts began when I was seven years old. I struggled with my self imposed silence and these new, strange thoughts that begged me to throw myself off my school building. During this time, I was forced to move schools a lot because my father was insistent on trying to track us down so he could commit a murder suicide. Despite all of the turbulence, change and sheer terror, I was still relieved. It was easier to deal with just my father because mum at least knew about most of what he was doing. There wasn't as much secrecy, and I was allowed to show my emotions throughout the ordeal. After chasing us for about eight months, my father finally found someone else to focus his attention on and we were left in peace for a blissful three months until my third molester arrived. This man made my mother uneasy. He tried to groom me while she was right there, he honestly had nothing to lose and that terrified her. Mum worked so hard for months to keep him away from me, but she couldn't remove him completely from her life because of her work. That didn't stop her from doing everything in her power to ensure he was never alone with me, and very rarely saw me. The one time he managed to get me, he came to mums work while I was there. He waited until she was busy with a client and then he spoke to her boss. He told the boss that he was here to pick me up, that he was my babysitter. The boss wouldn't let him take us without mum knowing, but she did point to the room that I was in. A very dark, secluded room. He molested me that day, and when mum found him with me she kicked up such a fuss and scared him off. I never saw him after that. I still didn't tell mum. I didn't want her to be angry, ashamed, or worse - to feel guilty. That year when I started school I was targeted by two boys at school. Their sexual assault lasted most of the school year, and I had every intention of keeping it a secret - until they began to target my best friend as well. This was her first rodeo, and despite my best efforts to take the brunt of the assault, I couldn't protect her the way I wanted to. Of course, she eventually told her mother. I didn't blame her. I had told her that she was welcome to tell whomever she wished, as long as she left my name out of it. She didn't. That year was the beginning of a long series of dates with therapy. I still hadn't told anyone about my past. Following that incident, my mother became extremely overprotective and I had my longest reprieve from abuse of any kind. For five whole years, I could get back to just being a kid. I still struggled with suicidal thoughts, but the longer I went without being assaulted, the easier things got. When I was thirteen I had an epiphany. It was my fourth year free of abuse, and I often wondered why. That was the year I realised. *I was too old now.* I was too old for my previous predators, and this discovery was followed by an elation unlike anything I could possibly imagine. **I was free.**This realisation allowed me to return to some semblance of normalcy. As far as I was concerned, I was out of the woods. I was too old for child molesters, and in my mind that meant I was safe from harm. I was wrong. I was so, so wrong. When I was fourteen, I encountered a different kind of predator. I encountered a rapist. Throughout my years of molestation, I'd dealt with a lot of negative emotions. I'd been ashamed, embarrassed, scared, the works. But it wasn't until I came across this next level predator that I discovered what it was like to have everything stripped from me. My self worth, respect and dignity were torn from me in the same way my stockings were. I still didn't tell anyone.That year, I began to self destruct. Because of this, I was put into therapy again. I kept my secrets. At fourteen, I roamed the streets of a terrible neighbourhood at night because the way I saw it, the only thing left for someone to do to me that could do more damage than had already been done was to kill me. And I welcomed that idea.  I self harmed, I started smoking, I did anything I could to cope - regardless of how much damage it could do to me.Through my fifteenth year, I waited expectantly for the next rapist to appear. My life had followed a pattern up until that point, and while I was in uncharted territory, I didn't see why rapists would be any different to child molesters in their habits. I went through my sixteenth year with the same mindset. When I made it to my seventeenth birthday, I began to question my previous observations. I'd made it three years without being attacked again. I became hopeful. I was painfully optimistic, which was what made my second rape so much worse. It took place when I was seventeen, in my own bed, by someone I had trusted. I didn't scream. I didn't fight. I couldn't. My family was in the house, and if he was willing to do that to me, what would he have done to them? So I just cried silently as he crushed my hope and ripped away my optimism. I didn't tell anyone.It's been two years now. This past year, I've slowly forced myself to break my silence. Partially because I need to so I can heal, but mostly because I'm scared. It's been two years. I'm terrified it will happen again, because based on my past, I'm 'due' for something awful to happen again. I thought that maybe, if I broke my silence, if I told the people closest to me, they'd be able to protect me. I'm still full of hope. They took so much of me without a care, they took parts of me I've worked for years to get back. But that's the one thing I'll never let them have. My hope. I'm now almost twenty. I still have night terrors, flashbacks, I'm scared of entering dark rooms alone and I can't have anyone touch me without warning. But I've made it this far, and that means something to me. As long as I can remain hopeful and optimistic, I've won. Not them, *me.*
Many of us still have fears that our abuser will find us, see us or come back into our lives somehow. Even if the abuser is far away or no longer alive, we still experience fears of them infiltrating our minds, hearts and lives. How do you cope/make yourself feel safe?
Today is the first day that I've fully confronted this part of my life. I'm a 22-year-old female, and I've struggled with anxiety, depression and a host of other issues throughout my life. Now that my most recent relationship fell through due to my inability to trust others, I've taken active steps to sort myself out in hopes that I could finally start to function like a healthy, moderately stable adult.My anxiety began when I was five. Around this time, I also remember being confused about sex to a degree that made my mother blush. I remember feeling suffocated, ashamed, angry; I remember having intrusive thoughts of having to have sex with my family members, and I remember feeling disgusted with myself.  This was a big confrontation to my young-self, that barely knew anything about physical intimacy. Similarly, during this time I began to have horrible panic-attacks whenever it was time for bed. When it became dark and when it was time to settle down, I was filled with uncontrollable fear. I told my mother that I was scared of everyone dying when I slept. When I was awake, I clung to my mother obsessively. I was scared of being away from her, and that she wouldn't protect me.My parents had divorced when I was young. My father had a new relationship with a woman, who had a daughter my age and two teenage sons. I spent every other weekend over there.I never had had problems with bed-wetting, but whenever I was at my fathers place, I always did it. Until a very late age. I remember when I had to go to my fathers place, I would kick and scream and cry. I was horrified to go. I don't know why.My anxiety started to show in compulsive behavior. Whenever I touched something outside of our home, like a light-switch at the apartment hallway, I had to wash my hands. I would wash my hands countless times a day. I remember sitting in my room, scared to play with my toys because I didn't want them to be disorganized. I didn't like to have friends over because they invaded my personal space and touched my things. I would walk to school, realize I wasn't sure if I closed the front door, run back home and then come to class late. Over and over again. I always had to keep everything in order.I have no memories from before I was five. I can't say that I remember being touched. Thinking back to this time fills me with anxiety. I've had trouble sleeping well for the past 17 years, and I'm still afraid of sleeping alone. My sexuality hasn't suffered per se, but whenever I try to forge deeper, intimate relationships with people, even though they're good people, my anxiety kicks up and I just don't feel right.I talked to my mother about this today. She was very understanding and supportive. I feel confrontational, especially towards my father. I feel, well, really fucking angry. But I think that above that, I feel relieved to be able to confront this at least to myself. And I feel like I can now, for the first time in my life, start taking proper steps to really heal.Thank you for reading.
I'm curious if other people on here have PTSD from their abuse and what that shows up like. Because I don't have flashbacks to anything because it was such a psychological beat down with my abuser. I also want to know what you think about being told to get over it. Like my therapist (I have other issues besides being abused) told me I need to stop acting like a victim and start acting like a survivor. And if I see a car that's similar to my abuser's or someone who looks like him or even having nightmares about him, I have panic attacks all the time over it and I can't just "act like a survivor" when I get violently woken up from panicking or can't function. So I'm looking for advice there. Is it ok to be a victim? Or have PTSD? Or not be able to move on?
Long story short, my sister has MS and it has gotten really bad in past few months. I have taken a role as a punching bag and the thing that get screamed out daily even though I put most effort for my family. Scartches, brusieh and getting spit at are now normals for me, and every person I ever spoken about this always said: "MS is very hard, be ease on them.".....It is gotten to the point where the abuse from the MS is probably gonna destroy me first before it even gets to her....A while back I got really badly hurt from an eposide soley based on mail, where I  could of sworn it would be the end of me. Punches so bad that I should probably take a brain scan and investigate my own health. After this incident, I shut off emotionally and haven't even spoken to anyone in my household, even my own mother for about 3 weeks now....(this is a huge thing in my culture)How do I ensure my well being? How do I survive this and get to a point where I can last long enough where I can leave with something resembling one piece? Can't move out sadly.Thanks for any info and have a great night. 
Any successful outlets for anger towards abusers? Art, writing, self-defense? What helps you the most? 
I have a relative who keeps wanting to wait for a chance to pull me aside and assert himself into a position of authority over my life. I tried confronting him directly and he would not back down.I tried confronting him with the other relatives and this only works in the short term.If he gets a chance to pull me aside he'll start berating me again.   We've all had to have a few "meetings" with him to talk about his behavior and it doesn't change.He's not violent or aggressive at least, just verbally abusive. I try and avoid him but I can't cut him out of my life completely it's not an option at the present moment.  
I've hidden my pain for almost 30 years. I've lied about what the cause of my problems were during my childhood to my psychiatrists and psychologists to protect myself from the pain I would have by admitting it. Instead I've suffered hospitalization, attempted suicide, constant self hatred, and a failed marriage. The truth is that I was abused physically and mentally by my mother, constantly during childhood, since I was about 7 years old. I hate her, I fucking, fucking, fucking hate her, she has destroyed me, and I still allow her in my life so the rest of the family doesn't have to know the truth.
oh so i should start with i had major ptsd re:childhood: incest rape. i'm chill-ISH now. more ish than chill, but you know... i'm alive and kicking. so now my issue is getting separated from my mom. my dad was my abuser, btw. i'm 33. every time she leaves me, i panic... i freakkkkkk the fuck out. i wish she wouldn't leave me again. i just want my mom, you know? and i'm 33. god, i just want my mom. at the same time, i'm 33, i need to grow the fuck up. i need to earn money, have a family (well, some version thereof), and interact with ppl like i actually like sobriety. i haven't done any of those 3 things. 
I (F) am a victim of child sexual abuse. I am 23 y/o and I am still struggling with this on a weekly basis, some weeks the intense emotions are more prevalent than others. Hopefully sharing this with others will allow some relief for my heart and some peace in my mind. When I was a child both of my parents were heavily addicted to drugs. The drug was so consuming to them, that I was placed from home to home until my adopted grandparents decided to take care of me when I was 5. They did not really have an option because my mother dropped me off one Friday evening for a weekend visit, and never showed up again. I did not see her until I was 14. During this 9 year period I was sexually abused by my adopted grandfather periodically. The acts ranged from fondling to full penetration. It made me extremely hyper-sexualized as a child, and I knew that my adopted grandmother saw red flags, but did not want to acknowledge that anything was wrong. Her generation was raised during a time period where problems such as this were just swept under the rug and not talked about. I was also afraid to tell anyone about the abuse because I thought that I was going to get into trouble, or placed into the foster care system or an orphanage. So, I would just pretend that nothing was happening and portray I was a normal child. When I started to develop into a young woman, the looks he would give me when I would wear certain articles of clothing made me so uncomfortable and I felt I was not safe. I started locking my bedroom door at night. The abuse stopped when I started my period, however, I know now that my period appeared so early because of the sexual abuse. When I was 14 I started visiting my mother on the weekends. Her drug of choice was not methamphetamine anymore, but opiates. Over the next year while I was visiting her every other weekend, I would only see her when she was high. When I was 15 she introduced me to my father, a newly recovering cocaine addict, only 6 months sober at that time. He was giving my mother money, due to lies my mother would tell him. Such as that I actually lived with her, and that she needed money for my father because she was putting me through "private school". I had no knowledge of all of these lies that she was telling him at the time. She was using both of us to get money for drugs. The more time I spent with my parents, the more that I wanted to know what it would be like to live with one of them. Mix this with the reason that I was growing more and more uncomfortable living with my adopted grandparents due to the disgusting looks my adopted grandfather was giving my 16 y/o body, and my growing concern for my safety, I left. My adopted grandparents then gave my biological father full custody of me when I was 16, without my knowledge, while I was trying to live a new life with my biological mother and my two younger half brothers. However, living with her was not what I had imagined. Due to her consistent drug abuse, I was verbally and physically abused while I stayed with her. She would punch me, pull my hair and call me "bitch" "whore" etc., when she was out of drugs. I felt like I had made the wrong choice and that I should have just dealt with the uncomfortable feelings living at my adopted grandparents' house.While I was there, however, I reported the sexual abuse that I had experienced to CPS, only to learn that by the time it would have been prosecuted, the statute of limitations would have passed. So I dropped the case. My biological father then showed up one day at my mother's trailer, picked me up, and told me that I was never allowed to talk to her or my adopted grandparents ever again. I lived with him for 11 months, and it was awful. Because he was still a semi-new recovering addict, it was like a teenager raising a teenager due to his psychological age. We argued many times, and he was extremely verbally abusive to me. Telling me things such as "if you committed suicide, no one would care". He would even threaten to send me to a mental hospital so that I would never be in control of my own decisions. He was extremely controlling, so much that I was not even allowed to get a job, even though I wanted one so badly just to get out of the house. When I was 17, my school counselor knew of all of the abuse that I had suffered and helped me get emancipated so that I was legally responsible for myself and could live wherever I wanted. Even though this should have been the happy ending, it is not. Moving back in with my adopted grandparents was my only option because I had nowhere else to go. So, I had to move back into the house with my abuser. At this point, I knew that I had to stay strong, grit my teeth, and get through my senior year of high school. Once I graduated, I went to a 4 year university. I obtained 2 bachelors degrees, and shortly after moved out of the state. I have now been living with my boyfriend that I met in college for over a year, am a student in a Master's Degree program, and am even a graduate research assistant. But, I still cannot shake the pain that I feel almost daily from what I had suffered as a child/adolescent. I used drugs many times during undergraduate college to try to deal with the pain, and I am now on an antidepressant and an anti-anxiety medication. I want to move on from all of this, but I really do not know how. I am forced to be in frequent contact with my abuser in order to maintain a relationship with my adopted grandmother, but I constantly feel dirty, ashamed, and weak. I always feel that the more that I try to get away from the part of my identity being a child abuse victim, the more I feel like I am drowning. I try to work and do anything that I can to keep my mind off of this, but some days it really gets tiresome attempting to keep the thoughts in the back of my mind. The profession that I am entering in is pediatric counseling, and I am being constantly triggered while I am working and completing courses. I know that I need to take control of my mind and emotions now, or I will not be effective in helping anyone else. I am in therapy now, because I would never want to take a future client anywhere that I am not willing to go myself, but I wanted to see if discussing similar situations with fellow survivors would be beneficial as well. I just want to know that I am not alone. If you read all of this you are a trooper and I appreciate you taking the time to do so. Feel free to comment, ask questions, etc. 
I’ll post a content warning for this: bestiality ; abuse ; rape ; gaslighting ; emotional abuse ; manipulation ; pedophilia ; suicide ; self harmOkay so I've been on reddit a couple times before, sometimes to read "scary stories" (which is bad for my psychotic ass because i hallucinate which DOESNT help) and to read stories of survivors of abuse to help me feel better about my feelings.I'm gonna try and just tell everyone my story, blocking out names of different people. This is gonna be about a bunch of different people over the course of my life up until now. I'm 18 and my birthday is in a week or so.I'm a COCSA (child on child sexual abuse), CSA (child sexual abuse), Rape + Abuse survivor. I've been through abuse that part of me had repressed for a long time. It's honestly just fucked me up in the long run, and my relationships since the abuse have never been stable.I have professionally diagnosed ADHD / PTSD / Depression + Anxiety / Misphonia / and Psychosis. I'm currently talking to my therapist about a couple others (AVPD / NPD / OCD / Aspergers / DDNOS-1b). I have horrible episodes when i get stressed / scared / delusional and my episodes can horribly harm me because of it. I also have brain damage because of my episodes.I am someone known as a “system”. A system is someone who has many different personalities (or alters) in their head. Mine is not caused by DID, but is caused by trauma and identity issues. I’m currently being tested for DDNOS-1b. I am a trans male (assigned female at birth) and I'm currently on my 2nd month of T. I was recently diagnosed with this stuff when i turned 18 (kinda last second). The first account of Abuse I had encountered was when I was 8 or 9. I was currently living in California (I moved that summer) and had a friend that lived on my street. She’ll be named Emily. We were very close friends all throughout elementary, and we played together a lot. Barbies was our choice play time activity (I always brought my bug toys and shark toys to make the plot more interesting).One day, I remember inviting her over to my house to play in the pool + sit in the Jacuzzi. We were in our bathing suits just about to get in when my dog started to “show dominance” to my leg, if you catch what I mean by that. I got confused, nudged her off of me and looked at my friend like “Why does my dog do that?” Well, I could see in Emily’s face that she wanted to laugh, but instead she started telling me about sex. I was 9. I still thought boys and girls got cooties. She told me about things I didn’t exactly understand and we dropped it. A couple hours later, sitting in the Jacuzzi, she turned to me and said “Wanna try it out?”This scared me, and I couldn’t bring myself to exactly deny her this request. Our Jacuzzi was right in front of a window that led into the living room, and I could see if I looked over that my mom was facing the window on the computer, so I just looked at her and shook my head, the only defense and reason I could come up with being “I can’t. Mom will see.”I wish to god that would have been enough to make her stop.Later on, I don’t exactly remember if it was in the same day or another day that week, but I remember being naked in bed with that girl. But I was too scared to move, to leave, to do anything. Luckily I got out while I could and ran off to the bathroom. I still think about it to this day and while some parts are blurred, other parts, like the ones I wanna forget, are still fresh. During my time in California, I went to an elementary school with a bunch of other people. It was honestly a huge diverse school with many different types of people. One of those people was a boy named…Mike. He was autistic and shared some of my classes.Mike had a…crush wasn’t the word to really put there. He was obsessed with me, and every chance I got to report him for harassment the teachers would say “he’s autistic he can’t help it” and drop anything I said.He would torment me for days. Everytime I would deny his advances, he’d attempt to climb the fence at school and run away. This happened more times than I could keep count. Eventually, he broke me down enough to have me at least a little nicer to him, even accepting a “love necklace” he had bought me from the store. I wore it in secret as I was afraid he would attack me if I didn’t wear it. I think I still have it in my nightstand, buried under other shit.One day, I remember another argument springing up with Mike about feelings and dating him. I was honestly at the end of my rope and I feared him, and I kept telling him to leave me alone.He responded by threatening to rape me. He said he would come to my house and find me and rape me. I was younger than 8. I was in 3rd grade.From that point on I was honestly afraid of him, he’d show me pornographic images to try and “seduce me”, as well as claimed he was stalking me and looking through my window while I dressed.Fast forward a couple years. I’m 12 / 13 years old. I had just moved from Cali to the Midwest and I was trying to find myself among hormones and puberty and school drama.I had recently got into a chatsite called Chatlands. It was therian based when it came out, but as of this year it’s completely overrun by shitty people and annoying kids. Anyway, I remember joining Chatlands as well as an offhand site called Totemlands. I was honestly excited to make friends online (regardless of what my parents warned me about). I was very young at the time, so I put off this vibe that I was older then I actually was. I told people I was 18 for a while, but eventually came out and told people I was actually 13 years old and was just too scared to really put out my age.Well, there were a lot of adults on Totemlands that I knew and talked to every once in a while.One of them had an interest in me sexually. We sexted, he knew I was 13. I didn’t know it was wrong, but honestly looking back on it, it scared me and fucked me up. I was later harassed by an old friend group for years after hooking up and feeling pressured to sext with adults.One adult in particular, later on when I was 14 (barely) years old. Mystical Realms was a chatsite based off of Greek Mythology. I had joined hoping it would be a better experience then Totemlands or any other chatsite I had tried to join. I was wrong.I met a guy there whose username was Hades. He was 18 years old at the time, very charming and seemingly on the outside kind. He was also an admin on the chatsite Mystical Realms.He pressured me to date him, guilting me to the point of depression until I said yes, and we only dated for about a month. He got my number (I don’t know if I gave it to him or not) and would call me every once in a while. It was strictly sexual talk, about what he would do to me if we met in real life. Remember I was 14 and he was 18 going on 19. Very creepy.It traumatized me to say the least. He even had the audacity to tell me other people I had liked on chat were pedophiles as well (one of them ended up being around my age).  I now see a trend of pedophiles being a major part of my life.There are a lot of instances of me being emotionally involved with pedophiles who manipulated and gaslighted me to be with them. I felt trapped almost constantly.Fast forward to about 16 / 17 years old. I had recently come out as pansexual (I later changed my sexuality as my mental illnesses make it so I have no identity and I’m constantly confused about my sexuality) to my family which prompted disagreement with my mother and father…I had started dating this girl who I’ll name Beth. She was a month younger than me.Beth was my second girlfriend that I had dated after coming out. I had also dated someone from Washington who is now trans like me but I’m only counting local relationships.It started off fine, Beth would sometimes become difficult with me for some silly reason or another, but other than that I was fine.I’m sitting here, years after that relationship, knowing that she was the major cause of my PTSD / paranoia and suicidal urges as well as my trust issues. One of my alters was around for this abuse.She started to manipulate me, that’s the first thing I noticed when I got out of the relationship. She isolated me to only come over to her house every weekend, and would try and mold me into someone I couldn’t be. She was very verbally abusive, and her jokes I could not detect as sarcasm (one reason why I think I have Aspergers / ASD) but then again she said them extremely deadpanned and usually her jokes were demeaning and harsh.I asked her multiple times to stop treating me poorly, with which she would throw a fit and claim that “I was trying to change her entire personality”. Which I wasn’t. I just wanted to be treated with respect.That was the first major things. I tried telling her about my dad’s verbal abuse, which she just brushed off as him being “stern”. I got mad at that and she then screamed at me for it.The reason she so easily isolated and manipulated me was because she had her license and I did not. I had heavy anxiety and my ADHD made it very hard for me to concentrate on getting my license. So I was stuck with her and depended on her for rides. I was literally at her mercy.I knew the first red flag was shortly before we started dating. She would hit me, and continued to hit me for a little while after we dated. She’d hit my biceps extremely hard, sometimes in front of my mother, and then play it off as she was “just joking”. My mom never liked Beth. It took me so long to understand why.Now, Beth explained she had OCD, which made her extremely bothersome and controlling on my personal life. If I didn’t reply to her texts immediately, she would spam my phone with calls and texts accusing me of ignoring her and being abusive. She blamed this all on her OCD. If I did one thing out of line she would scream and throw a fit, claiming I was “scum under her feet” (this quote still rings in my head to this day). I was extremely dependent on her for reasons I don’t understand (maybe it was the manipulation), so I allowed this treatment to go on for a while.We dated for 9 months.I also remember she had lied about mental illness. I knew she was depressed, I knew she was taking Bipolar and Depression medication (I don’t know if they coincided with each other but…). She also told me she had Schizophrenia. I would have believed her, because her body was her body and no one knew her body like she did but…the way she played it off made me skeptical. She showed 0 symptoms. None. Any time she would bring up her Schizophrenia (or the voices as she put it), was when we were arguing and she needed to use something against me. That was strictly the only time she would bring up any and all mentions of Schizophrenia.I believed her about having Schizophrenia until one day in Psychology (a class I shared with her) our teacher talked about the symptoms and criteria for Schizophrenia. I couldn’t help but laugh that day.During the middle of our relationship, she pretty much forced me out of the closet, and manipulated me to come out to every single contact in my phone (as well as my mother) that I was trans. I was not ready, I never even considered being trans beforehand, but somehow she had forced me out of the closet early and forced me to tell everyone I knew about it.This is what prompted me going to therapy, was after I told my mom I was trans. She did not take it well.I don’t exactly remember if this happened before or after coming out as trans (I think after), but I was a victim of her sexually abusing me as well as raping me. This was newly surfaced repressed memories that had me in a panicked episode for an entire day.One of the accounts of rape, as I remember, was I was laying on her bed, on my back. I was looking up at the ceiling and letting her use her hands on me. Before I knew it, she had grabbed something from the closet and was getting ready to put it in me.I don’t know what it was, but it reminded me of those rubber pant hangers, but it was more bendable then that. It was pink, I distinctly remember the color. And long. Too long to comfortably fit in me.She pushed it in, kept going, all the way in until I felt a sharp pain in my cervix, and then something slip farther inside of me. I kept making noises of discomfort, trying to tell her to stop, but because of my shy and anxious nature I was too petrified to tell her “no” distinctly. She pushed the wire past my cervix, and I remember the feeling and the pain.Another account was later on, I think after I came out as trans (forced out). I was at her relative’s house in Idaho, laying back on the guest bed. She was inching her way down my body. Now, I wanted to tell her that my dysphoria was bad, and that going down on me would make me uncomfortable. I wish I had told her that, instead I just kept telling her to stop, and would say no. She only responded with “well this is all I’m doing for you so….”.Years later she’s still tormenting my life, claiming she never raped or abused me. She knows where I live, she has her friends stalk me and harass me. Eventually I had to get the cops involved. They’re currently investigating the over 180 anonymous messages I got from people saying they were going to rape me / kill me / stalk me / abuse me / etc. The harassment she got her and her friends to partake in with me caused me to attempt suicide about 3 times in total. One with drinking bleach, and two with ODing on my anti-anxiety meds. I was submitted to a mental facility for one of the attempts.She’s still trying to claim I wasn’t raped, which has made my coping and recovery pretty much at a stopping point.I have hallucinations of her, nightmares of her, and vivid flashbacks of things she’s done. If anyone has some advice on how to handle this, on what good coping mechanisms there are, etc, please tell me.I still have episodes over this, I still attempt to harm myself and sometimes plan out a suicide. I don’t know what to do anymore. I feel lost and scared. My current boyfriend / fiancée is helping me with coping with this but there’s only so much he can do.-Ram.
Hello, My name is Sandra Trott. I am currently working on my dissertation to obtain a doctorate in counseling psychology. I am in need of participants for my study. The purpose of the study is to explore how abuse/neglect in childhood and or adulthood affects interpersonal relationships and interactions with coworkers. This new line of research might provide mental health professionals and crisis workers additional insights as to areas that survivors may need support. The survey is completely anonymous and confidential. No identifying information is collected and participation is voluntary. It will take individuals approximately 20 to 30 minutes to complete the survey. Detailed information and consent statement are located on the page prior to proceeding with the survey at the link below. Thank you for your help. Please feel free to contact me should you have questions.Sandra TrottSurvey Link = https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/workplaceinteractionsMy Facebook page is located at    https://www.facebook.com/Workplace-Relationships-Study-Participation-1674804079422545/timeline/
Does it still bother you too? Do you still have melt downs when you're in situations that remind you of the past? I was abused from 11-17 and I'm 22 and I wish I was over it.
http://www.livingwithdidandptsd.space/2015/09/depression-this-week.htmlI really appreciate you guys reading :]
Sometimes getting out of our abuse is only half the battle. Many feel unable to report their abusers, and many others are forced to live in the same town/city as their abusers while they wait for their court trial to proceed. I am one of these people, and I've struggled a lot with my day to day life as a result. It is very stressful to constantly be looking over your shoulder, wondering if you're abuser is there, watching you, somewhere. I empathize greatly with anyone who finds themselves in this position, and thus made this video to try to share how I've been trying to cope with this situation, in hopes that my suggestions may help anyone else facing such a situation: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80F2o6XDLdQP.S. Please feel free to message me if you need someone to talk to regarding this subject!
The worst part is, a good population of students are victim blaming on social media. Calling the girl a slut and a liar, etc. It's bringing back a lot of bad memories and feelings of guilt that my situation is my fault. 
I was just looking at some letters from former lovers and I felt a rush of old thoughts, the thoughts of why my happiness faded away. Of course it was my fault but I know it stems from the abuse I suffered and continue to suffer. I was viciously tormented by my family since I was little, now I'm in my mid-20s and it never goes away. It still continues but now that I'm older I can have a slightly different perspective. Every connection with every person I've ever met is eroded and attacked by the scorpions in my mind, planted by years of relentless emotional and physical abuse. What a sorry cycle it is, this abuse. How I am doomed to suffer because these scars won't ever heal. I'll continue to break down and cry and nobody will ever understand me. I was programmed to hate myself. I was programmed to KNOW I'm a worthless piece of shit that no person could ever love. It's terrifying to think it will never get better and I'm angry that people would do a number on me like that and then doom me to that cycle of pain forever. I can and probably will hate myself forever, my self confidence will sit atop a house of cards and fall at the slightest breeze, I'll pretend to be okay because I know nobody else gives a fuck, not even the people I force myself to trust. I'm all alone in this. I can hate myself but to those of you who are reading this, I will never hate you and thanks for reading
So I recent remembered some sexual abuse from my childhood, older guys making me do things.This is on top of all my stress at work. It's been hard, I'm lost. The only thing that has kept me sober is the fact that I need to take my pain medication to function, and I'm not stupid enough to combine alcohol and prescription pain meds.I don't know what to do with the knowledge that on top of all the other terrible things that happened to me in my childhood, I was abused by older guys, sexually. I was sexually abused. It is so odd to say that, and it makes me numb inside.
Here is my story of abuse.  I hope someone will be touched by story.  I am still healing, but I am feeling much better than I was before.http://genderapostates.com/trans-activism-and-the-promotion-of-sex/#more-445
Interested to see how other people coped with feeling powerless and devalued.Here's what helped me...Talking to war vets about their survival stories.Reading other people's survivor storiesRealizing I wasn't aloneTaking some time off for myselfNot punishing myself for other people's actionsIt stays with a person though that's the hard part.
Children remember a lot... But not everything.I was born in May of '95. By '96, I had already lived with my mothers ex-husbands parents (who I wasn't related to even though I had their last name), my father (who was my abuser), and my maternal grandparents (who ended up raising me).Shortly after I moved in with my grandparents, my father was given restricted visitation. He wasn't happy about that..... He began stalking my grandparents house, my school, my grandmothers business, everything. He spend years trying to abduct me. I would stay with him and my mother on occasion. One time I was staying with them and my parents began arguing. He tried to yell at me to come with him. My mother told me if I went with him I would never see my family again. I didn't go. That night, my grandmother came and picked me up for good. It was never mentioned again and my family hoped I would forget. No such luck. My father tried to abduct me several more times but none stand out in my mind as much as that.When I got older, after my grandfather died, he convinced my grandmother he had changed. I was allowed to stay with him, spending nights and weeks alone with him. At 11 or 12, he became my pimp and rapist. He told me if I told anyone, he would kill my whole family. I held that secret in for years until I was about 16.It struck me today that chances are my restraining order against him isn't going to stop him from trying to get to me. He never went to jail and I fear everyday that he will find me. It's not my life I fear for. I can handle my own. It's my family I fear for.(I just had to get that off my chest. Sorry for talking so much)
The subtle hints. The directed encouragement. The touching. The longing. The frustration. The despair. The loneliness. The appreciation and gratitude. It escalated quicker than I expected. I thought I would have more time to prepare myself. I had some hope that it would not happen. I did not have time to process. She gives me her whole, undivided attention. She looks at me with such love, warmth and appreciation, yet she is not seeing me. She sees her despair retreating – the hole momentarily filling. She lets go of my hand and runs her fingers down my arm across my stomach. Her light touch slowly caresses my skin. I notice the subtle difference between this touch and her normal touch. My mind races looking for solutions. My breath is irregular as I only remember to breathe in fragments. I feel what is going to happen. I have been avoiding this for a while, but it has felt inevitable. She is too big, too smart and too important to me. Her hand moves across my belly to my leg. Her other hand reaches down and holds my other leg. Her thumbs slowly rotate across my soft skin. Her eyes are glazed over in love and affection. She rotates my legs outwards, away from each other forcing my groin upwards and forward. Her touch is so soft, so loving. Fear, shock, disbelief spill over through me. I want to cry out. No one is there. She would be so hurt if I shrieked. She would guilt me. Then, this would start all over again. I want to kick, roll-over, run, but she is so big. Her hands span across my entire torso. She would detach herself from me if I resist. She would never love on me again. I would be entirely alone - up to me to take care of myself.  She lowers her head towards me. Everything in me screams to burst out, but I don’t let it. I freeze. I brace myself. My body stiffens. I squeeze my eyes so tight it hurts my head. The pain slightly distracts me. Soft, warm wetness engulfs my little penis. I do not try to get away. I lie there not moving. I sense her joy, her relief, her satisfaction. The contained explosiveness inside of me implodes. I push a piece of myself deep, deep, deep down. I resign myself to this ongoing. While she sucks on my penis with softly closed eyes, I am grateful and ashamed that I enjoy the physical sensations. My body remains tense, but I now know that I will survive this.When she finishes, I hardly notice. She may have touched my hair afterwards, but I do not know for sure. I do not cry. I lie on my changing table – empty, alone and hopeless, yet empowered and wisened. She put my diaper on me and carries me to my crib. 
Please take a look at my dissertation study and forward along to any and all individuals who might meet criteria!I am currently a doctoral student conducting this study as part of my dissertation requirement for the Clinical Psy.D. program.The purpose of my study is to better understand the experience of receiving an unsubstantiated disposition from Child Protective Services (CPS). Participants should: (a) be above the age of 18 years, (b) have reported child maltreatment to a CPS agency or had another individual report child maltreatment on their behalf when they were under the age of 18 years, (c) have believed that the child maltreatment did occur at the time of their report, and (d) have received an unsubstantiated disposition from a CPS agency (e.g., DCFS, DCF) for their alleged report of child maltreatment. You will be asked to complete a brief screening survey as well as an individual interview intended to gather an understanding of your experience of receiving an unsubstantiated disposition. Please keep in mind that the information you provide will be kept confidential. As a token of my appreciation for your participation, upon completion of the interview participants will receive a $20 gift card. The screening survey will take anywhere from 5 to 10 minutes and the interview will take anywhere from 1 to 3 hours. If you are interested in participating and feel you meet the criteria, please click on the link below.https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/SW7G9KZIf you have any questions regarding participation please contact the primary researcher at nxm5053@ego.thechicagoschool.edu.Please find a copy of my IRB approval here: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B7m1CwaCmIjHSVRsSS0zcW12aUk/view?usp=sharingThank you,Nicole
Hi. I'm a 29-year-old survivor of emotional abuse as a child. I have a brother 6 years older, and a half sister 10 years younger. I'll try to shorten this. I'll call my mother (no longer call her that) Crazy Mother, CM for short. Little sister is Nicky (not real name). Brother is Ted. CM had him when she was 16.The short of it: CM was long called a bipolar. Then for a while she was called Borderline Personality Disorder (this seems to fit most), though my sister say her diagnosis is now PTSD. Ted stopped talked to CM... maybe 9 or 10 years ago? She blamed his wife. CM left Nicky's father when I was 14 and Nicky was 4. I was like a second parent to sister. Super close, but super stressed.CM had a habit of favoring the youngest. When I was born, I was the favorite. Nicky, she became favorite. Side note, I was both molested by grandfather when I was little and then Nicky's dad for a couple of years in my preteens/early teens. Was in counseling for years over the granddad one.I've blocked a lot of memories over the years, but can remember a bit. CM had a habit of making me hate myself. Constant belittling/insulting me. Saying my hair was ugly and felt like horse hair. Making me feel bad about my weight and that I liked spending time on the computer. Just some gems I remember: "You're going to weight 300 pounds when you're 30." "No one will ever want you." "You're a little bitch." I switched counselors a lot. Normally if they started saying things she didn't like. Also, I wasn't supposed to talk to people at home because "it's none of their business."If I tried to talk to her about being depressed, "Oh, poor DreamsDeferred, your life is soooo bad!" A lot of these individual things sound small, but it was the volume of it. Every time I started gaining confidence or independence, she did whatever she could to crush it. Our fights would turn into screaming matches. If she was mad at me, she'd just pretend she couldn't hear me or see me (only happened a few times, but the panic it caused in me was huge).When we fought, there was screaming. There was destruction. There was her pushing over a bookcase of ornaments my aunt had given me, and me pitching books at her. She made me hate myself. If my own mother couldn't love me, I shouldn't live. I was suicidal, and planned for a while, trying to find the best way. Since I babysat my sister, I didn't want her to find my corpse. She's probably one of the only things that kept me alive. Then there's the time that I came closest. I ended up being hospitalized for a weekend and the hospital person told me I was lucky she was taking me back.Another time, I remember her hand on my throat as she held me against the wall. There wasn't much physical abuse, though. I dropped out at 16 after she suggested it because I was often too depressed to go to school. I took care of my sister and cleaned up the house. Around 18, I tried a couple of jobs, but she caused something to interfere with each.Between the ages of 16 and 20, my family and I moved 18 times. Yeah. We even lived in a hotel at one point, living off ramen. The woman had guy problems.When I was 20, I met a guy. We talked for a couple of months, then started talking about me moving in with him. We talked to her about it, and she seemed happy for me. That afternoon, she sat down with me and suggested I still watch my sister after moving out and she could pay me. No, I told her, I needed to focus on getting a job and getting my life going - and I didn't want to have to schedule around my sister. She got angry, we got into another screaming match, I was left feeling hopelessly depressed. But no, I didn't have to deal with it anymore. When she got home that night from work, I left to visit my boyfriend's place as I often did those days. She later went up to my sister and I's shared room to find my side bare with a note in the middle of it. One of the biggest triumphant feelings of my life.After a big breakup with the boyfriend I lived with, I came back shortly before my 21st birthday and she asked me if, on my birthday, I could watch my sister while my aunt and grandma took her to the casino for her birthday (they're only a week apart. After I gave her a look "What? It's not my fault you have no friends." Yeah.Anyway, 8 years and change ago, within weeks of moving back home, I decided to go to college and also met a wonderful guy that I started dating a few months later. When we were moving my stuff out for college, she didn't even want to stand to hug me goodbye. "What? You're just going to college."A couple of years later, I somehow ended up talking to her on the phone about the abuse, trying to talk with her about it at least. She said that she thought my boyfriend (the one I'd then been with for a few years) was a bad influence. "Sure, CM, blame Boyfriend. Just like you blamed Previous Boyfriend and just like you blamed Ted's wife. You can't accept that your kids might have a problem with you."She responded by mocking me about my molestation. I hung up. I rarely saw my little sister after that. She took sides, and the woman is very very good at manipulation. When my sister and I started talking again a couple of years ago, she begged me to let CM talk to me. I told her I'd unblock her for 24 hours and let her say what she wanted. I did. I felt sick the whole day, and dreaded looking at any messages she sent. She said what she wanted (can't remember a lot of it), apologized for a couple of minor bullshit things, I didn't respond til the end, and I told her at the end of the 24 hours that I forgave her, but didn't want her in my life. That I didn't consider her my mother. I mean, I literally researched if I could disown her (couldn't, really). Then I blocked her again.Cut to two years later. My biggest fear happens, and Nicky is 17 and pregnant. She and her boyfriend/fiance/baby daddy are estatic, as is CM. They're gonna have a happy little family together. I invite Nicky to come visit me (I literally haven't seen her in - five years? Four? Long time) with her boyfriend so I could meet him, but she refused and said that would be taking sides.The only time Nicky reaches out to me is to ask me to forgive CM, or to say something to stir up trouble. Recently, she started a tangent about a bird that CM let us take off her hands (abused parrot that her boyfriend let us have when we left), since we could provide a better home, a non-smoking environment, and actual cage, etc. That was like 6 and a half years ago. Long time. Nicky says the original agreement was that we would borrow the bird for two months. Why the hell would we borrow a bird?!Point is, she started messaging me, asking why I won't forgive. To her, forgiveness means that I go back to talking to CM, treating her like a mother, etc. Even thinking about the woman gets me riled up/shaking, and it's taken years of no contact with her to get my mental health to the point it's at now.The other thing Nicky demands is that I tell her why I'm so mad at CM. She only knows CM's side of the story, mostly. She says she doesn't remember much bad, but remember she's ten years younger than me. She thinks that fighting is normal. Used an example of my aunt dragging my niece by the hair at 16, and the niece forgave. She thinks how our family is is normal. I told her to give it 5 years or so. That I won't tell her until I feel she can listen with an unbiased ear, and that it will only be in person. She said she'll probably never have an unbiased ear because she loved CM. Also, she, CM, the baby, and the baby daddy are all getting a house together. CM has been a relatively good mother to Nicky, since 7 years ago CM got herpes and is too embarrassed to talk to guys about it (thus letting her focus on Nicky). Nicky can't accept that CM could be a good mother for her but terrible for Ted and I. Also she was upset that I wasn't hitting like or commenting on pictures of her baby (I won't. I'm still not happy that she had a baby at this age. Also - not a baby person, especially when the baby came from my baby sister.)I miss my sister, but she only reaches out to be negative or ask why I haven't forgiven CM. The kinds of things she says sounds like CM (I used to think of the woman as a puppeteer or a spider pulling threads). I worry sometimes that I'm going to have to block her, too - the last time she reached out I felt sick for days. Sometimes, I feel/felt like I imagined the past. Then I have people who not only back it up, but add to it. Found out from my stepbrother that CM grabbed my by the hair and dragged me out of the room when I came in in my training bra (was used to being dressed like that around the house). Found out that, rather than my father abusing her for years like I thought, they apparently abused each other (her own sister is one of the people who told me this). Found out that she and Nicky's dad did meth. All sorts of stuff like this.Wow... that wasn't short, was it? Sorry, needed to get off my chest.TL;DR... Grew up emotionally abused by mother, little sister wants me to forgive (reconcile) even though she's bad for me.Anyone have any... input? Advice? Anything?
http://www.livingwithdidandptsd.space/
I don't know if this kind of post is allowed, but I thought it was kind of interesting.I finally *somewhat* fixed the computer my abusive exboyfriend broke, and was able to go through old pictures of me from before I knew he even existed. The change in my appearance is shocking, I think. I thought it gave interesting insight on what sort of physical toll trauma can take on you. People used to compliment my appearance all the time, and now, when I actually see people, they just ask if I'm okay. I get why now. Not saying I don't still feel pretty sometimes... but I think you can tell a lot  of the life has been sucked out of me.The following are before and after pictures. The pictures on the left are taken at least several months before I met my abuser, the pictures on the right taken within the last several months, over a year after my ordeal.The face-focused ones are both without make-up and in the same sort of lighting (almost unbelievable, I know). Also obviously I wasn't anticipating this so the comparisons are just the best I could do, they might be slightly off, but I think they give the general idea.[Here's the album. Three pictures total.](http://imgur.com/a/tqujB)As you can see, I'm much thinner, paler, my skin has worsened and my face is more sunken. I'd also like everyone to know I've posted my face on here before and I'm not worried about my identity. I don't have any secrets anymore.
I developed disassociation at age four resulting (as I have been told) in an apparent Jekyll & Hyde personality around adults, specifically my mother along with consistent dreams almost (felt like) every night concerning the same on going situations involving human / non humans that I created. These dreams lasted up until the age of seven or eight, the mermaid didn't go until my father got bedridden with cancer so I was ten or eleven.Mermaid: always very distinct in being aggressively volatile and she would communicate "truth" of my reality with me, if I denied her communication I'd be threatened and hunted or chased down. She would try convincing me that sadness was happiness and rage was comfort, basically trying to reverse my psychology and it worked.Robot: never communicated and would sort of house sit, I would visit the same empty basement suite constantly feeling creepily dead on the inside and the robot never showed any purpose.Doctor: I'd visit him a lot after waiting a while in a hospital lobby, I'd never see his face only just feel elation in a strange way as I'd take his hand and walk down a hallway than nothing but darkness.One distinct dream, one of the only dreams I can recall that was none of the other constants involved a girl in my dreams who looked like my twin. I was standing in the middle of my bedroom as if it were waking life and she explained if I thought about anything with enough belief I could manifest it, she ended up making a pear manifest and tried teaching me. I've never forgotten that dream.The only other I can remember I can define in two separate dreams, in one dream I sat outside a closed closet and I'd observe it suddenly burst open as a force of energy would come at me. I'd experience the energy as if I was being threatening of murdering me and or possession of me, the other situation being I'd wake up half conscious stuck between sleep and being awake. I'd feel an electrical force of energy laying beside me and I'd have a voice repetitively saying if I turned and looked or opened my eyes I'd be murdered.As I reflect on that writing of my dreams, I can define my distinct *states* of disassociation in my present life. The mermaid represented The Controller, I experience it when I feel threatened while disassociated. The robot is other spectrum of The Controller, I experience it as the sense of being devoid of human feeling while disassociated. The doctor represented The Protector, my generalized state who watches over The Core i.e my inner child. The force of energy hidden / bursting from the closet + the force of energy beside me as I slept was The Outsider and I think because of that "side" I am afraid of connecting with The Core due to its origin I suspect is not a happy place.Am I crazy if I speculate these dreams are a big enough sign that some form of trauma was occurring? I'm unsure.
Hello and good afternoon,My name is Kasie Lynch, and I am currently a master’s student at California State University, Fullerton. I am completing my master’s thesis right now, which is looking into how childhood experiences impact adult mental and physical health. It would be a great help to me if you could spend some time to complete this survey. You may contact the Rape, Abuse, and Incest National Network (RAINN) hotline at (800) 656-4673 for support if answering these question is upsetting. If you have any questions or need any other support, please reach out to me here, or at my e-mail klcsufresearch@gmail.comHere is the link to the study:http://fullerton.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_9vlC6hhEAZLt47HThank you again for your support and your time!
I have many memories from my childhood . I am sure there were some good ones , but I do not remember them . My father physically abused me , my mother ignored me and my brother sexually abused me. I have mentioned my story some on Reddit but I feel I need to tell more of it . If you don't like what I am doing , that is fine just try to let me vent without making me feel worse than I do now . I will be adding different stories to the comments and we will see if this helps .
So, I made a throwaway just for this because it's really upsetting and stressing me out lately but, here's the basic outline of the story.Between 15-19 I had really strong feelings that I had been sexually abused as a child but couldn't place when or by who or how. I just knew I felt violated and demonstrated the same symptoms of trauma as abuse survivors I knew and read about, but I had no cause to point back to. I talked to a therapist who was also concerned that I displayed symptoms of trauma without an identifiable source, to the point of waiting until my mum was out of the room before asking me again, in case I had to hide it in front of a parent.I've pushed it to the back of my mind since then, since I couldn't find anything that could have caused it except this one time a boy in my class shoved his hand inside my knickers, which was brushed off by both teachers and parents as 'just something that happens sometimes'. I thought that was probably it, and I tried really hard to let it go.It's been brought back to the fore lately because more and more is coming to light about my mum's side of the family and the sheer amount of sexual abuse through the generations. Her uncle tried to touch her (and, after her dad found out, was never seen again, so may well be in a shallow grave somewhere to this day), another of her uncles abused her cousins for years, etc.She recently told me how her big brother also used to take her to the playing field near their street after school and at weekends and take off her clothes so he could 'look' at her, when he was 12 and she was 5, out of 'curiosity' - until one day her mum found out and banned her from going to the playing field with him ever again. She told me she'd never thought there was anything wrong with this, and he clearly didn't, and they're still close-ish today, but now she can see that it was, 'though he didn't know it', predatory and an abuse of trust.I have this sick feeling because when I was very little, 4-6 (at least, that's the earliest I can remember), my mum and I used to take baths together - which is totally fine, but I remember playing 'games' in the bath where she would tickle me all over and make me squirm around. I... remember her pinching my nipples to make me squeal. It occurs to me now, too, that she was very encouraging that my best friend and I share baths when she came around to my house, and she would come in and out of the bathroom with snacks and drinks and chat to us while we were very naked in the bath, from 6-8 years old.Later on when I was 11/12, I remember my first pubic hair growing on my 'mound' and her asking me if she could touch it; i think this at least may be completely innocent, more a hippy mum being overjoyed for her daughter entering puberty, but i also remember some slight emotional blackmail when I shyly said no. She didn't push me beyond that though, and she didn't touch it.I remember when I was 14 and worried about starting dating, she offered to let me practice kissing on her, which I was very unsettled by but brushed off as my weird hippy mum being a weird hippy. Obviously i didn't take her up on it!I don't know if any of this means anything, or if it's just me projecting modern unease about parents and children being naked in the same room back onto my past, when it was much *more* normal for parents and their kids to bath together, generally be naked together. It's the one memory of the bathtime where she is tickling me and pinching my nipples that disturbs me - even though really, it's a happy memory! We're roleplaying fireman sam and postman pat games and I'm pretending to be jesse the cat. I'm certain she wouldn't have meant anything sinister by it, I have absolutely no doubt that nothing she ever did to me would have been sexually motivated, but.I don't know.. I have concerns about the boundaries she crossed with me, and my young friends, and whether, if there was no abusive intent, if she saw it as totally innocent, if it counts as abuse?I made a throwaway for this because I actually really love my mum and we're close. This would break her heart. But I need to know how this looks from the outside. 
http://www.livingwithdidandptsd.space/ Sorry its been a while since my last post, thanks for reading.
I know this is going to sound to crazy to be real but I assure you I lived it. When I was 12 I didn't really have any friends to hang out with except for my neighbor Jamie. She was 3 years older than me but we liked the same music and due to the fact that she wasn't very popular she kind of hung out with me out of out I assume teenage desperation. I was just happy to have an older girl to answer my questions about boys and high school. Anyways we lived in a small town and after a few months Jamie started to introduce me to her friends. One was named Nichole which is important and the other one who I hit it off with was Pam. Pam lived across town and we would frequently hang out at her house because she raised rabbits and lets face it, rabbits are awesome!It wasn't long before Pam introduced us to her neighbors Ron and Autumn Holiday. They were a young couple in their late twenties early thirties with a 3 year old daughter named Brianna. I got along really well with Autumn and soon started baby sitting for them on the weekends. After a few months Autumn started acting distant and her and Ron fought alot. I heard my name mentioned and asked her about it. By then I loved the little girl and enjoyed the trips I went on with the family.Autumn informed me that Nichole ( Pam and Jamie's other friend) had filed a police report on Ron saying he did things to her and even though Nichole story changed alot and the police thought she was lying Autumn thought Ron was showing interest in me. I hadn't noticed anything and she asked me if he ever got inappropriate to tell her. I agreed. Now fast forward a couple months to November. I was staying the night there because we had all gone somewhere and got back late. I spent almost everyday there now. I woke up to see Ron in my door way. I slept in briannas room by the way so I assumed he was just checking on his damehtmer. He entered the room and just stood over me. I pretended to be asleep because honestly I didn't know what to do. Then he spoke. " I know you are awake. Talk to me for a minute" Busted... So I sat up and asked if something was wrong. ",No" he said " You just had a birthday didn't you?" Yeah I had. I had actually celebrated it with them so I was more confused. " you know the things about Nichole are true sort of. We were in a relationship and she was upset when I broke it off with her." He dropped a bomb on me. Was I dreaming? Why would he tell m that? " Now that you are 13," he continued " I was hoping you felt the same way as me. I can't help but notice how beautiful you are becoming. I'm not happy with Autumn and Brianna loves you" I couldn't wrap my mind around this. I asked him why he was in happy with Autumn and he told m sometimes she got insanely jealous ( I wonder why) and his parents didn't approve because she used to be a stripper. Just to much info for my age and being the baby sitter. I think he picked up on my confusion because he finally apologized and left.The next day everything was normal. I never said anything because honestly I just cared about Brianna and I was afraid if I told I wouldn't see her anymore. Another month goes by and this time I am staying the night because they are baby sitting me. Again Ron comes into the room. He has basically ignored me except these bedroom visits. He rubbed my legs and kept complementing me about my looks and how I was with Brianna. I asked him why he was suddenly acting like this and he told me that he would have talked to me sooner but he had to wait til I was 13 because it was a different charge. I didn't understand. But it was nice to have an adult talk to me like I was an adult. Not the random advances but he actually talked to me. I started staying there every weekend so he and his wife could go out and after everyone was asleep he would come visit. We became good friends. That is until he started trying to touch me. I stayed away a while but missed Brianna and would go back. When it was late he started driving me home. He would take a long cruise in back roads to talk. Eventually his wife started becoming suspicious and treating me different. I had told my parents because it felt wrong at first but they said Autumn was crazy and Ron was a nice man. When I was older I found out he had given them money and paid for the trips they took that required me to stay the night at Ron and Autumns. Anyways Ron's friends started to refer to me as his girl friend. I sent even sure how it happend. My parents let me go to New York with him to meet up with his wiccan group and Ron had me lie about my age and he said I had to say I as his girlfriend to be apart of the group. A whole YEAR went by with people telling me he was just being nice. Me to afraid to tell the now violent mea Autumn.Now I was 14 and got my first real boy friend. He knew nothing of the situation. I however took him with me baby sitting and for a while everything went back to normal. Ron ignored me, Autumn and I were friends again and Brianna loved him very much. Then out of no where my boy friend dumps me. He wouldn't tell me why. I was heart broken and Autumn took me out to eat and comforted me and that night we stayed up watching movies. When we finally went to bed Ron came into my room. He apologized about my boy friend. I as confused until he explained to me HE told him to leave me alone that he was my boy friend and I couldn't have another one. Here I was basically a child. Everyone telling me he is just a nice guy. I knew it wasn't right. This wasn't happening to anyone else my age. Kids at school were starting to talk.I stopped going over there. My parents were upset because they were no longer getting money and gifts but I was old enough to know I didn't have to do this. That's when the stalking began. My bus tops, my friends houses. It was so public Autumn noticed. She started calling me a home wrecker and whore. School was aweful. This continued until I was 16. I was working at mc Donalds with my boy friend. Life was somewhat normal since I had moved into my boyfriends grandmas with him to get away from my not so great parents. I went to school and worked full time and hadn't talked to Ron even though I often saw him everywhere. That changed one day when I went into work and my boyfriend was working the same shift but behind the grill. I as up front waiting on customers. Suddenly Ron bursts through the doors demanding to talk to me and freaking out. I tell him to top or i will have to get my manager to escort him out. He doesn't leave but he goes and sits by the bathrooms in the back of the dining room. I told my boy friend who went out and explained who he as and asked Ron to leave. And he did. For about 45 minutes. Chads grandma dropped the car off to us and was about to leave with her daughter for a couple nights when ho comes back? Ron! Crying and begging me to go sit in hi car with him. He realizes I'm not waiting on a customer but actually talking to someone and he asks who this woman is. She informs him she is my bfs grandma and I hollar at him to come out here because Ron as frantic and crying and I was so scared. As he walked out Ron runs and doesn't come back. Grandma leaves, we finish our shift and close the store. As soon as we walk out I notice Ron's car sitting beside ours in the back of the parking lot. By now everyone is mad and we all start yelling. The lights turn on and Ron tries to run us down as he speeds out of the parking lot.Since then I changed jobs and moved and stayed off social media for a long time. I managed to avoid Ron for 6 years until I finally got a Facebook account. Within the week I had a message about how he missed me and wanted me back in his life even as a friend. He was still with Autumn but wanted to leave her. Brianna missed me sooo much. So I didnt reply but sent a friend request and when he added me I blasted him publicly for being a pedo and rapist and stalker. I sent him a private message saying if he contacted me again I'd ruin him. I as old enough now to know exactly what he was. So far no contact has been made and I'm 28 now.
I had no idea until I read this that #3 is EXACTLY how I feel about that kind of reaction to learning about my assault.http://everydayfeminism.com/2015/08/backhanded-compliments-people-experience-sexual-violence/I once dated a cis het male who knew about my rape because I had written about it publicly as part of my advocacy work. We only dated for three months and I understood he knew I was a survivor but I chose never to confide in him about the assault. After we broke up we had a phone chat and somehow started talking about other ex's. I mentioned when in my history I dated the person who took advantage me and no other details and on the phone my ex responded with "what a cunt." Which is harmless and almost noble to hear on the surface... But in the moment where I'm speaking about something very sensitive for the first time to his knowledge even after he had been my trusted significant other just left me... feeling raw and unacknowledged at the same time. Kind of like when I mention to people my dad passed away a long time ago and they say "I'm sorry" and even though I don't care for that kind of answer, I respond politely or continue kneading their sympathy for the sake of my own endurance and a no-hassle conversation.Anyway. This article helped me so much. #3 just changed everything and worded exactly how that "what a cunt" moment felt to me. When someone opens up about their assault, no matter how casual or "strong" they appear about it, there's almost always still some lingering latent trauma. Just discussing my assault makes it exist in my mental space again. It's not fun to revive pain in your consciousness and with my SO at the time saying "what a cunt" as a cis het male just felt more like "here's me expressing anger at how rape is wrong because i know rape is wrong and want you to know that I know rape is wrong." Like *gold star you tried*, it's very that.I realize now I sound very resentful. This stuff is just tiring and I thought I'd share the article to see if anyone else relates. Thanks for reading all this if you did. 
I want to share my latest podcast episode where my guest, Susannah Birch, who's story went viral last year, talks about how her mother had a psychotic break when she was only two and a half years old and tried to kill her. Of course, Susannah survived, but it has affected the person she has become. She talks about how she has been able to forgive her mother and move on from what was done to her. You can check it out below if you'd like. Thanks.http://thegrassgetsgreener.com/surviving-abuse-of-psychotic-parent/
I've had it for years now. The first time it ever crossed my mind was when my dad asked me if my grandpa ever sexually abused me. I was shocked at the question and said, of course not! But ever since that day it has haunted me.There are some memories I have. There's nothing suggestive in them. Just being up in the middle of the night with him, eating snacks. He was always up at 1 a.m. I don't know how I got to the living room with him, but I always did. Certain smells remind me of how is bedroom smelled. Sometimes it makes me feel sick. I mostly stayed out of his room unless he wasn't home. I was in his bed a lot, for comfort, to watch TV and eat snacks. I was his favorite person, out of all of his grandchildren. He spoiled me. I don't know why. Part of me thinks, yeah, he was just a great grandpa. But I don't know. Part of me has a sick, weird feeling about it all. Like I'm not remembering things correctly.I also had a lot of behavior/symptoms that tend to stem from being sexually abused. Like... trying to act it out with other kids. Why else would I do that? I know it's normal for kids to play around like that and try and discover stuff, but when I was really young (like 8) I tried to do stuff with a friend that, looking back now, wasn't all that normal? I have always been terrified of doctors looking at me down there, I would FREAK out, and I still don't use tampons. I'm in a healthy sexual relationship now, but it took me a really long time to get here. I'm not Borderline, but I have self-harmed since I was 11 years old. I have PTSD from growing up with my mom. She was very, very emotionally abusive as well as neglectful. She constantly had many random guys in the house, so part of me wonders if maybe something happened with one of them and I just don't remember. I just have this feeling. Which sounds horrible, because so many people have been through so much worse and here I am suspecting.I was raped in January of 2014, and every bad feeling I ever had about my body, about being touched down there, about anything like that... was multiplied by a million. I can't really even go into that more than that right now because it is still really painful at times and I don't want to trigger myself talking about it.I don't know. I'll probably delete this. Has this happened to anyone else, though? I've been through abuse. Mostly by the hands of my mother, pretty severely, too. But I don't know about what else, aside from the rape. And it scares me because sometimes I just have these sick feelings. There are more details I'm leaving out for the sake of not writing a novel. I just wanted to write this somewhere. I don't know. I feel embarrassed now. Thanks for reading.
Link: http://www.theguardian.com/science/2015/aug/21/study-of-holocaust-survivors-finds-trauma-passed-on-to-childrens-genesThis might explain why there are families where abuse gets passed down the generations, or mental illness, or suicide.To me this means that a) trauma is a real, truly powerful thing that one doesn't simply "get over" -- it's much harder than that; and b) it provides a powerful reason to fight that demon -- because we don't want our kids and grandkids to suffer what we suffered.
It's been 7 years since I was with my first, and abusive love. I stayed tormented and in love for a whole year.It took me 6 years to finally realize and accept that what I went through was emotional abuse. At first, it was nothing but denials. I didn't want  to admit that what I had gone through really did happen.Fast forward a bit, and I'm in therapy after being diagnosed with PTSD, realizing that I can't seem to have a proper reaction to anger. I always smiled it off or let it sit in silence. Well, I still do that but it isn't as bad as it was. It took me a lot of work to even feel anger in my own dreams. Couple of months passed and it has gotten a lot better. There was something else, though. I found myself to be completely miserable and unhappy at least 3-5 times a month. We discussed what made me feel like that, and I found out that the reason I'm so miserable is because my feelings for my abuser are still present. Even writing this down hurts and disappoints me. I had fought so hard in order to get that one emotion out that I forgot about the others. Realizing that I may still have feelings for this asshole disappoints me so deeply. But my therapist says it's progress. She says that if I'm able to feel more than 2 emotions (anger, denial... even guilt) I'm on the road to recovery. But none of this feels like pregress.
So I've been struggling to come to terms with my experience of being emotionally abused and potentially touched once by my stepfather. I've been seeking therapy and am on medication due to my persistent depressive disorder and anxiety issues. I guess I will have to lay down some back story so I apologize if this is a bit lengthy.When I was 8 my mom met my stepdad. He was in the city we lived in to go through a court case in which he was accused of having sexual/ inappropriate relations with a student of his. She was 15 i think? Anyways he was found innocent of all charges and my mom fell in love and fast forward to us moving to a small town 15 hours away to live with him. When I was 10 he punched my mom in the face. Afterwards it was an endless stream of emotional abuse to my mom my sister and I. He was controlling, manipulative and I remember being terrified of making him angry. He was never physically violent to my sister and I but on a handful of occasions he was to my mom. For some reason or other I kind of became his little buddy. My therapist thinks it was a coping mechanism to avoid his anger and protect myself. Basically I liked the same music and things he did, we watched old godzilla movies, I learned to play guitar like he did and so on and so forth. So when I was 12 or so we were on the couch watching a movies just him and I. We were sharing a blanket and he had his feet in between my legs. I remember him moving his feet up past a point where I was uncomfortable. My heart started beating fast and I got that weird uncomfortable feeling in my stomach. I told him "don't, don't" and his response was "oh but it's warm". He didn't stop or remove his feet..he moved them further to a point where he was very nearly or actually touching me ( its kind of fuzzy). I remember his toes moving back and forth. And then I said stop and pulled away. Was this just an accident? Is that possible? I mean a grown man should know where his feet are right? I would think anything past the knees would be unacceptable...A few other things that add fuel to the fire...he used my name to pretend to be a teenage lesbian and talk to young college girls. Why my name? He was also always jealous of my highschool boyfriend who I am still with. Apparently my stepdad used to tell my bf that I was crazy and not to believe what I said and that I had major issues. Was he just trying to protect himself so if I said anything my bf he wouldn't believe me?I've struggled with depression, anxiety and self harm for many years and Im trying to finally work through these issues. I just cant tell myself that my stepdad inappropriately touched me as I fear that would open me up to too much right now. My bf and therapist thinks it was wrong but I have yet to tell my mom or sister who has kids still in contact with him. What do I do? Was it wrong? Is it worth telling my family? I mean he works with children...I'm so sorry for the long post. Just needed to get these thoughts out into the universe.I
Using a throwaway as my main account is somewhat well known. I'll keep each point brief: I am still in love with my exHe wants to be with me, however cannot make the emotional commitment (I have ptsd amongst other things... He broke up with me while I was in psychiatric care for suicide. So..  Yes. Anyway.)Despite the above, he is one of my best friends. Has been my closest friend for close to three years. He knows I have issues with my father. Knows my father has put me in hospital from physical fights, and has enforced voluntary reparative care due to my homosexuality. I have never been able to tell my friend that my father forced me into physical/sexual encounters. (Yes I am seeing a therapist and working through this).I have a honesty thing with my friend. I never want to lie to him. This feels as though I'm lying by omission. Is it reasonable to tell him??How do I tell him?How do I stop him from freaking out?How do I stop him from calling the police? (My father has already been arrested - I'm working through the rest on my own, I do *not * want my dad going to jail). Urg I'm sorry. I don't even know if any of this makes sense. I'll go back through and edit again just in case. And if this is the wrong sub I am so so so sorry - please let me know and I'll post to another.All and any help would be AMAZING even if it's negative I just need some kind of clarity please. A thousand times thank you xoxo Tldr; how do I tell my best friend/ex boyfriend that my dad used to coerce me into sexual scenarios? I don't *need* to but I want to, it feels like I'm keeping something from him.
So I'm 20/M and a few years ago, when I was a senior in high school I entered a relationship with a girl I knew through mutual friends (my first real relationship if that's worth noting). We got very close very quickly and the relationship became very deep in the sense that she told me a lot of things that she's never told many other people before, such as her history of abuse and self harm. I held her when she was depressed and crying for no reason and I picked her up when she said her mom had been hitting her (her mom told a different story). I did my best to be there for her and because of that the relationship became very codependent. In may of that year, she fell off a stage when rehearsing for drama and hit her head hard enough to give her a severe concussion and post concussive syndrome for months after (the exact details of this are still a little ambiguous to me). She missed school for the rest of the year and there were multiple trips to the ER for various reasons. It felt endearing when one of the nurses said it seemed like more than a high school relationship. But I was getting burt out, drained because I couldn't do anything to help her and never knew when the next crisis was going to come. One night she attempted suicide and spent the next week in a mental hospital. I still went to see her every day but by the time she got out I was pretty much running on empty emotionally and simply couldn't meet the emotional needs that she and her mom pressured me with, which lead to a break up.But I couldn't just not be there for her, it was my obligation in my mind so we entered a phase of "working things out" where we technically weren't together, but we still were, it was weird. Through this phase, she and her mom both became more and more manipulative and demanding, and while I realize that I may have been sending some mixed signals because I was emotionally drained constantly, they continued to squeeze every last drop out of me that they could. If I didn't measure up to the idealized version of me that she had in her head, even in the smallest of ways, she would unleash her wrath and name off every little thing I'd ever done wrong in her mind from the beginning of the relationship, half of which I didn't even remember. Her mom was even worse. She had a way of talking to someone and making them believe that everything that ever went wrong with the world was their fault. She made me feel like if only I wasn't such a shitty person, none of this would be happening; everything would be fine, and her daughter would be better off without me, not that I was allowed to leave.Amidst the verbal and emotional abuse there was the occasional physical abuse. If I made her angry enough, usually by not complying with exactly the boyfriend that she wanted me to be, she would rage and hit me, screaming and crying about how she hated me. This happened often with her mom too, who regularly had bruises on her arms from having to fend off her own daughter. She broke their window because she threw a 2 liter soda bottle through it. They drove a wedge between me and anyone else I was close to until I had no one left but them, making up stories about how my friends and family were the manipulative ones, often with little evidence, but I didn't dare question their "logic." I have to be honest about my faults; through all this I developed a significant porn addiction as I didn't really feel intimate with someone who treated me like shit all the time. It became a means of stress relief, and I was dumb enough to be honest with her about it (seriously, you'd think I would have learned my lesson by now). One weekend, when they were living at the Red Roof Inn because they'd been evicted due to their lack of finances and the constant screaming that I'm sure all the neighbors could hear, I went to see her. I'd gone three weeks without porn, which was pretty significant at the time but relapsed a few days before. She asked me about it and I told her that I messed up. She proceeded to not talk to me for the rest of the night, but through a fit every time I tried to leave. That weekend she became physically abusive twice. I never hit her back. I would simply get my hands around her wrists and pin her down until she stopped fighting. She said we were done, but she'd said that before. A friend of mine who (who was female) asked if I wanted to hang out with her and another friend. Of course, she was not ok with this, given that this female wasn't her and these friends weren't her friends. She claimed that this girl had an interest in me and asked for my phone to "write a note." No, in reality she texted this girl, asking her on a date, to which she said no, she wasn't looking for anyone atm. Needless to say I was not happy about this and later texted my friend and explained things. Her response was, "what about the facebook messages?" ...what facebook messages? Turns out, she'd been logged into my facebook for months without my knowledge or consent, and had messaged people as me to see if I was talking to them. It all made sense, how she'd always seemed to have this sixth sense when some girl messaged me on facebook asking about homework or something else completely innocent. She called me to apologize, and did but then went on to explain why she thought she was justified in her actions. "Ok, so you're not sorry for doing it, you're sorry you got caught," was my take away from that. I can think of no greater violation of my privacy and to me, this just showed how little she valued me or my rights as a person. She said we were done, so I went with it. I stopped responding to her messages and basically just completely shut her out. A few times she asked to meet up and apologize for how she'd treated me, but I didn't even trust her enough for that so I gave no response, not even a "no." I slammed the proverbial door in her face so fucking hard it shook the foundations of the house. I haven't spoken to her in about a year and a half. The extent of my knowledge of her now is the occasional friend telling me that they saw her at the grocery store or something like that. I would like to say that I've completely moved on and am living a healthy, happy life now but that's simply not true. I still actively struggle with porn addiction and can't seem to break the emotional tie to it. I spent most of my first year of college in isolation, just in my room alone whenever I didn't have class. Memories of her and the emotional damage she and her mom did have definitely effected any attempt at a normal relationship with anyone else since. I sometimes wish that I'd hit her back, that I'd knocked her ass out just to show her that she wasn't in control of me, that I was stronger than her and I could do far worse to her if I tried. I have a lot of anger issues now. I've thrown things, broken things, put holes in my walls, it's really bad. I've begun to think that I shouldn't be pursuing relationships at all. Recently I tried with a girl at school. Things didn't end well and I've fantasized about hurting her. I don't think I ever actually would but I'm terrified that I could become the abuser in a relationship, verbally or physically. There was a time when I said "I would never hit a woman." I still wish that to be true but I'm not sure that it is. It's true when I'm calm and stable, but in a fit of rage that I'm so prone to now, I'm not so sure. If I ever hurt someone I was dating I don't know that I could ever forgive myself for it. Anyways, I know this is a long post, so thank you to anyone who takes the time to read it all. 
i feel like a monster. i really do and i don't know what to do anymore. i posted here before and i received some advice but i don't really know what i am supposed to do. i feel sick. i feel like i deserve to hurt myself and burn myself. i've relapsed and that really sucks. maybe i should have just vanished all that time ago. if you want to know what i'm talking about i can link you to my previous post here. https://www.reddit.com/r/survivorsofabuse/comments/22p1al/i_do_not_know_what_to_do_anymore_i_am_sorry/i feel sick to my stomach every day and every night. maybe i am a monster, a criminal. this is my life and it's my fault. i really should have done away with myself long ago. how dare i, how dare i of all people continue living after causing all this. how dare i buy things for myself and act like a normal person. i am a horrible, horrible thing. i want to cry and cut and just, i don't know anymore. i don't know what i am anymore. am i even allowed to exist? do i deserve to get out of bed. i am sorry to everyone who reads this. this is just a mess, a train of thought from a person who may or may not deserve to live. hahahaha, wow, god this is a f*cking wreck right now. i am sorry for this. i really am.at this point, i feel that i am beyond help. i am just going to isolate myself, i think it's best for me and everyone.  
Hello, r/survivorsofabuse. I'd just like to say before I submit my story to you that I barely understand how posting properly on Reddit works, so in case I somehow chose an improper subreddit to submit this to, I'd like some proper advice on where to submit this to. This is a very personal story of mine and I'd like to be able to make this readable to people without messing up where it's supposed to be. Also, I don't know about Reddit's text posting limit, and I'm sure this is gonna be a very long read so if it gets too long I'll split the post up into parts.Now, where to begin? I guess I'll start with the basic information you'll need to know about me. I'm 20 years old, male, and I'm completely clean in terms of substance habits. No smokes, alcohol, narcotics, or anything of the like. Which makes this story a bit more triumphant for me since it shows I've become bigger despite the odds against me.Also, I will apologize in advance because I'm a thorough person when it comes to detail, so I will be giving history and detail to a lot of aspects of what I'm talking about. I'm sorry if you find it annoying but I think it helps people to understand what's happened involving me.So, where to begin? Well, I'll start from where it began. All this tension and abuse started when I was around 8-9, so around 10 years ago this began. A person who would later become a monster in human skin brought himself into my life and began living with me and my mother. This person, as some added information, is also my older brother of 15 years. He later becomes a major drugdealer and he's the main focus of what my entire story here is about.For added history to my brother, he grew up at a time when my mother and father weren't exactly the pinnacle of human parenting, especially my dad. My dad started being physically abusive towards him at an early age and openly admitted to beating him with wooden kitchen appliances and denouncing him. Which probably explains how he later grew up to become such a problem child and helped shape him into the evil person that he turned out to be. I also have an older sister that grew up alongside him, so she's also gotten the brunt of his hurting too. She understands me on that aspect, though she does have that feeling of still caring about my brother despite how much resentment she also feels for him. I lack that feeling.My mother did try to protect him from the beatings my dad gave to him, but she barely managed to make a difference. The beatings did stop for him when he was around 12, but that barely made a difference. Since back then, my family lived in New Mexico and near the loose borders, they lived in some shady neighborhoods. My brother quickly took to the lifestyles these neighborhoods had and got very well-versed in illegal drugs at an early age, which is probably what set the stage for him and his wrongdoings.Thankfully when I was born, my family moved to Montana, and when I was around 3 or 4 my mom decided to divorce my father. She claimed she felt so guilty over seeing how my brother turned out that she refused to have another child fall victim to my dad's influence. Apparently, it was a lengthy custody battle, but my dad lost quickly when the lawyers found out 2 days before the hearing that he passed out drunk in a parking lot outside a casino. He was a heavy gambler, so it wasn't too much of a surprise to people.When my mom won the custody battle, she decided it wouldn't be a good idea to stay in Montana. My aunt came to visit after hearing about what happened and she offered to move me and my mom out of Montana and live with her until we found our own place. Which is exactly what we did. We all packed up and left with my aunt and left my dad in Montana. We also eventually found our own place and tried making a new life out in our new surroundings.So, from the ages of 4 to 8, life wasn't too bad. Nothing of much importance happened as far as childhood wonders went. Though, school life was hard since I became the token "punching bag" for everybody in my grade, so that part sucked. Though we did get into a situation where we moved one state over with my mom's then-boyfriend, until he started relentlessly pushing me around and eventually threatened me with a knife during a drunken stupor one night. When I told my mom, despite his threats of not telling her, she flew into a rage and instantly packed all her belongings up and left within two days with me. So we had to essentially start over from square one, which wasn't a huge issue to me. Since everybody at my old school still remembered me, switching schools barely caused a problem with me.Then, my brother finally came to us. He had gotten tired of living under my dad's strict policies and decided to live with us until he could find a place for himself. Things started going to Hell when he adjusted to living with us. He wasn't fully into drug operating yet, in fact at this point in time he was pretty clean. He still got a lot of kicks out of slapping me around and ridiculing me at every opportunity he had. Now that I think about it, it was obvious he kept showing hatred towards me because he harbored feelings of envy towards my relatively abuse-free living up to that point.Things gradually got worse from that point though. It went from seemingly harmless rough-housing to flatout insulting and denouncing me. He would constantly say things like "Why aren't you normal?", "Why can't I have a normal brother?", and my favorite was "Sometimes, I wonder if we have the same parents."I know some of these things sound like something most rivaled brothers would say to each other, but I promise you the context was completely serious. He said it with such a tone of malice and disgust in his voice, since he knew he could get away with it since my mother wasn't home at that time. My mother did try her hardest to get him to either stop or leave me be, but it barely had an effect on him.For the next few years, things stayed on a steady slope downward. Some nights he would arrive drunk and stumbling towards me and shouting things like "You're a fat disgusting pig.", "You don't deserve the things you have.', "You should stop eating so much, you stupid whale.", etc. I think you get an idea of what kind of person he's like. Also, if it wasn't obvious from his statements, when I was a child and I was growing up, I was decently overweight. So, that gave a lot of people ample opportunity to make fun of me, especially him. These nights would happen occasionally and as usual my mother would try anything to get him to stop, but usually she wasn't home when he did this.Things got much worse when I was 13-14, and this is where the main chunk of my story takes place. It was around the time I was finally getting into highschool. My brother was still living with us and the atmosphere of the house was constantly filled with tension when he was home. He lost his job due to him milking his workman's comp due to a back injury he received on the job (he worked a truck at a coal mine). I won't lie when I say his back problem did fuck him up a bit though, to the point that he's had 2 surgeries and gotten serious pain medication because of it.I'm pretty sure most of us know highschool years are usually the most hellish part of a person's life. People stop being so bluntly judgmental, but they become a lot more condescending to you if you're outside their social circle. So school life still sucked though I did make at least 1 friend, so it wasn't like I was suffering this nightmare on my own. It was around freshman year when my brother started receiving routine pain medications from the nearby clinic due to his back injury, it was at this moment where his drug habits re-surfaced and became a prominent role in his, my mother's and my own life.At first, he only got pain medications directly from the clinic. He would exaggerate his pain to try and squeeze out extra tablets from the doctors there until they caught on to what he was planning after the first few months. It was after he got kicked from the clinic that he found an outside doctor that lived near the outside of town. This doctor already had a reputation of selling medication under the table and writing fake prescription slips for people. My brother became a regular customer for him and occasionally did medication deliveries for him. This was when my brother's drug-raddled tendencies started to kick in. He would just sit in his room most hours of the day, overdosing on pain medication and sitting around in a tripped daze for hours at a time. It was rather disgusting to see him sit there and stare off into space like an asylum patient. This also stacked on top of his abusive habits towards me. I'd still get the insults, and it was when he began his drugs that he finally began getting physical, he would occasionally slap me in the face or punch me around my torso. He did leave bruises, but he was smart enough to know to never leaves marks and visible areas. He already left his intimidating streak on me, so I already knew I shouldn't bother telling my mom about whatever bruises he left on me. So I dealt with this for awhile. I would go to school where people talked down to me and attacked me for my shortcomings, and then come home to a drugged out abuser who would call me names I won't even type out here and get physical with me on occasion. This left me feeling destroyed and empty over the fact that nowhere I went made me feel like I was either safe or accepted. I constantly thought things like "Why is this only happening to me?", "How come even when I come home, the ridicule never stops.", "Maybe if I didn't exist it would be better than dealing with this.", the kind of things that drive somebody to suicidal tendencies.This did lead to me becoming suicidal. Even when I was at school I would sit there and occasionally write down in spare paper notes about ways to kill myself and plans to commit suicide in a way that would suppress my mother's anguish over me being gone. My mother was the only thing that kept me tied to this world since I knew if I was gone, she wouldn't be able to handle my brother's savage treatment of both of us by herself and there was no way in hell I was gonna abandon her in that mess. I felt obligated to since  I still considered my mother a good person despite her failed attempts to prevent my abuse.Though this didn't stop me from trying, even that thought left me after dealing with this vicious cycle for a long time finally pushed me to the point where it felt like nothing mattered anymore. I prepared a suicide note because I didn't want to leave loose ends for my passing. At the time, my brother purchased a handgun and kept it on the fridge, so I planned to kill myself with that to leave little chance of me surviving.Of course, as I'm still sitting here typing this, you know that I didn't go through with it. I decided to watch some of my favorite movies on Netflix first to try and have a good time before I decided to put myself out. It was after I turned everything off and sat very comfortably in my bed and pointed the gun at my face that I started thinking about my mother and sister since they were the few people that ever showed any concern for me, it was after sitting there for half an hour contemplating myself with a loaded gun to my head that I finally gave in and convinced myself to put the gun down. I put the gun back on the fridge and put the note in my dresser. I didn't get much sleep that night as I returned to my bed and sat in a daze for hours, feeling completely empty and soaking in what just happened. I still don't know why I put the note away instead of just throwing it away, but I thought I was in such a daze over everything I guess I wasn't thinking much of anything. The only reason why I got away with doing that without getting caught is because nobody was home that night.It was shortly after that my mom found my note while doing laundry and found out about my suicide attempt. She showed it to the school staff and they overall decided it'd be best for me to drop out and enroll in the alternative courses. The alternative courses is when you go to a different building where you do all your classes electronically for a few hours.This part of my life did improve a bit, since dropping out of the normal district cut me off from all the people that targeted me, and since the classroom was under total observation from a supervisor the entire time nobody had time to fool around or gossip. This basically cut out the social aspect of school, which finally freed me from the ridicule I was dealt at school. Which gave me a moment of clarity since I could finally have tranquility.My home-life was still in shambles though. His drug habit finally transcended into holding his own little drug operation. At this point, the outside doctor he was seeing for his meds finally got busted for fraud and sent to prison. So now he would go out of his way by driving to clinics in various nearby towns, sometimes being out and leaving us without a car for days at a time trying to get prescriptions off of shady doctors.Of course, this shady routine of his got worse and worse as he both got more desperate for money and his fix since by this point he couldn't go more than 3 days before having a breakdown due to withdrawals. His room looked like something out of a cop movie, with how many stray needles lay strewn about the furniture and floor, and how many burnt spoons laid around the table from him using lighters to melt up whatever chemicals he worked with. Eventually did branch out from prescribed meds. He also did somewhat traffic in meth slightly, though he only sold it prepared instead of setting up a lab. That room might as well have been a lab from how it looked.The only thing that did give both me and my mom respite was when he did a binge and had a constant high for days. At least when he was high, he was quite and cheerful and didn't put up a fuss about anything. Even though it did make things quiet when he was high, it still sickened me to my core and disgusted me since that was the only time he would ever show concern or any hint of having humanity to me. It made me feel like he was incapable of being a proper human to me unless his mind was infected with substances. It always tore at me when he interacted with me in his stupors. There were a few times where he overdosed though and his body nearly shutdown from the overabundant abuse he was putting his body through, so he had a few close calls with dying a few times. Which always disappointed me since there was always a part of me that sometimes prayed for him to not survive it.After a year of this he finally made some "friends." Of course, these "friends" where just close groupies from various drug circles from various parts of our area. At this point, my mother had lost hope of ever trying to control my brother's behavior and just allowed him to do what he pleased since whenever he voiced concern, he was one of those people where whenever you called him out on his wrongdoings he would criticize you for something you've done in your life and try to convince you that you're legitimately insane. He was the kind of person who would remember anything he's ever done for you, including something as meaningless as picking up socks for you, and use that against you whenever you refused to do any favors for him and disagreed with him on anything. It became infuriating when we attempted to do this so we didn't even bother.These friends of his would now come over to our house on a regular basis, and I don't even need to tell you exactly why they were there. There would only be one reason why anybody would associate with a person like my brother. It pissed me off to no end whenever he brought these shady looking people to our house. It churned up a volcano in my mind whenever he did because he had no right to bring these kinds of people to a house he doesn't even own or pay rent for. There were times when my mother had meltdown and screamed at my brother in front of his friends, which caused nightlong scream battles throughout the house between the two which got the police called on us on more than one occasion. At least they knew when to wise up when the police arrived because in typical fashion, on top of being pure evil, my brother was indeed a skilled liar. I was at least lucky because growing up around his verbal strategies immediately helped me catch on to how to tell if he's lying or not, but he was talented at convincing most people of just about everything, to the point that a few times he was able to convince my mother that she had some kind of mental instability. I swear, if he didn't become the waste of human resource that he is today he could've became a decent actor.I do remember one of the biggest situations I was in with him was when he needed to go out of town and he had to use my mom's credit card. She gave it to him and when he finally returned he seemed true to his word, but when she checked her statement she flew into a rage because it turned out he secretly picked up his drug pals and paid for them to eat out without telling my mom. My mom had a massive breakdown over it since she specifically told him we only had enough money for gas and couldn't afford anything else aside from supply him with that.It was around this time that he started to slow down on his prescription medication and fully moved onto meth. Which made him even worse when he was high. His highs didn't offer moments of calm anymore, it made him even more agitated and angry. All this anger was directed to me, as always. He got even worse with his beatings as he would spent 15 minutes beating down on my chest and keeping me pinned on the floor while he left me slightly battered. He would also do things to me in my sleep like scream in my face and scare me awake while his voice shook the entire house. He would also take a hamper of really dirty laundry and pour it over me while I slept. This became a common occurrence. On top of that he also constantly asked me for favors like money or asking to borrow my things. I always said no, because you can never trust him. I've given him things before and never seen them again. I'm more than willing to put up with him screaming at me for being a horrible person for never doing anything for him or deal with him bringing pointless things to make me feel like I owe him some kind of debt. At least I know my things won't go missing. Whenever he lies about borrowing things, he'll take them to pawn shops and get money off of them for more drugs and this was a common occurrence. The worst of it was when he took my sister's wedding ring and pawned it for money, although we were able to get that back, no thanks to him. Needless to say, my life was in utter chaos. Since by this time, I had fully graduated school and got my diploma. So that meant I was living at home now. Which meant I didn't really have an escape from the hellish environment I was in. Just being at home filled me with fear and anxiety. He constantly would make remarks like "If you ever wake me up, I'll beat the tar out of you." So some nights when I really had to use the bathroom, I couldn't. I was so terrified of walking through the house and somehow waking him up I was too scared to use the restroom. I'm sorry to admit this, because it is kind of disgusting, but I would save up empty water bottles in my room. So that way if I had to use the restroom at night and pee, I would take an empty bottle and use that. I would fill up empty plastic bottles with pee and hide them in my drawers because I was too scared to walk outside my room since his room was right next to mine. He also threatened me with a gun a few times, making comments like "This gun could easily kill you.", but putting it away afterwards and laughing and saying it was just him joking around. Yeah, threatening somebody at gunpoint is a pretty funny joke, right?My mom constantly tried to get him into rehab, but even when he did go after a lot of pressure, he would instantly slip back into his habits after a few weeks or find really ingenious ways to keep stashes on him while he was in rehab. It felt like there was nothing left to do.My mental and emotional state started to deteriorate greatly at this point, and it makes me sick to think that I had come to the point that I had. I was so tired of my brother and how destroyed my life felt because of him, that sometimes I would write out plans to either get him killed or outright murder him. I would write out plans from slipping poison into his stash or him getting into an "accident." I would just sit there for days imagining ways to murder him and get him out of my life forever. And the idea of prison didn't bother me either. I thought, "I don't anything in my life, so I don't have anything to lose." I still feel terrible beyond words that I ever contemplated murdering anybody. I always promised myself I would never stoop to taking the life of anybody no matter where my life went.Eventually I started getting angry with my mother, too. I started blaming some of my problems on her since I felt like she should've done more as a mother to keep me away from things like this. I started getting into arguments with her over doing something about my brother, and how she should've done something sooner. I would constantly threaten to call the police on my brother because I thought jailtime would be the only way to get him away from us but my mom was terrified that we'd all go to jail since we've both been aware of his drug trafficking, so she spent all of her time convincing me to not call the cops. I followed her wishes.His drug lifestyle affected us so much that it felt like nothing of ours was private anymore. He would constantly borrow things like credit cards, IDs, and especially our phones from us. I could constantly get pissed off because my phone would always get random numbers, and they'd end up being fellow dealers or his druggie pals. I always had to yell at them to never call my number again, but that didn't stop them. My brother would always steal my phone and make calls to unknown people and constantly ask me to do things like hide stuff in our car, it was like I became his blackmailed protege and constantly had to help him with his criminal activities whether I liked it or not. I became this person. I'd get calls in the middle of the night waking me up because a friend of his needed a fix and they would beg me to put my brother on the phone. Most of these nights I would shut my phone off just to get some sleep.It was at this point that I gave up on everything. I felt helpless. I felt like there was no way out of my situation and my life was gonna be like this until I died and I didn't have anywhere to go to. I would sit in my chair and stare off at my computer for days at a time because my spirit felt so empty and hollow.Thank god though, Thank God. My sister, who was alongside my mom as the only person I could turn to for care and release from this anguish I was dealing with, came to my rescue. My sister had finally had enough of my brother since his habits were also affecting my sister's family, since she now has a husband and three kids. My brother would constantly ask my sister to drive her to drug hideouts since he didn't have a license and became his personal driver, to the point that my sister was forced to bring her kids with due to her husband not being home. Her husband became furious when he found out his kids were being exposed to drug abuse. So that was when my sister decided to cut herself off from my brother, and both her and her husband personally paid for a bus ticket to take him somewhere on the west coast.My heart skipped at beat at that moment I heard it. They were gonna buy him a ticket and make him leave forever. I wrote it off as a bluff though, because so many times before I was promised he would be kicked out but nobody ever followed through on it. This was it though, they weren't lying. They bought the ticket and printed it out for him. They even printed out multiple copies in case he tried to destroy his ticket. He was gonna leave in a week, be dropped off somewhere on the west coast, and he was gonna have to figure out things on his own and find where to go from there. He wasn't gonna be anybody's problem anymore.Throughout that entire week his mood kept fluctuating to being amused at the idea of going, to yelling and threatening that he wouldn't step one foot outside of his room when the day came. That final week made me the most anxious I had ever been, I thought I was gonna have an anxiety attack because I didn't know if he was gonna spend his last days at the house trying to torture me in the worst ways he could think of as a last "hurrah". I still remember during most of the days of that last week my brother-in-law actually volunteered to stay at the house alongside me and my brother because he also thought my brother would try to attack me if I was left alone with him. I still thank him to this day for staying at my house to play referee. I still remember the last day he was there, I had been up all night and turned in at around 7AM. I did occasionally hear screams throughout the house that woke me up, but listening to music on my phone lulled me back to slumber. Then when 6PM hit I did finally wake up, and found my internet cable to be gone. I guess he figured it was his and he took it with, not that I cared. Whatever got him to leave faster. Then, I found a note on my door from my mother begging me to not leave my room until she came and got me. She didn't want my brother to try and attack me during his last moments in the house.When she finally came and got me, it was very strange. I looked around the house, and saw his room. His room was completely clean and empty. All the destroyed silverware was gone, the cigarette ash and stains from pilldust had vanished, and the needles in the carpet had been cleaned out. It almost looked like nobody was ever in there to begin with.Honestly, I didn't start screaming for joy and having an emotional meltdown over being free. I just felt kinda strange. The way everything played out, with how I woke up and found all traces of him gone. It almost felt like I had woken up from a very long and horrible dream. It wasn't a dream though, it all happened. My mother was having a breakdown though because even as he left he  apparently shot her a very evil and sinister glare as she said goodbye to him, before my brother-in-law escorted him out of the house.It wasn't until a few days passed when it finally sank in for me: I was finally free. No more beatings, drugs, or living in fear. I finally could relax and feel like my house was finally mine. Needless to say, I cried a river of tears for awhile after that. Both out of relief it was over and emotionally venting over everything that's ever happened to me. It was the first time in my life I ever felt any inner peace. Both for me and my mother.My life has improved to an extent since then. My relationship with my mother has been mended, I finally make some money for myself (not good money, but still money anyway), and I feel free to finally be the person that I want. The idea that drugs were finally erased from being involved in my life, was a thought that more than gave me joy.It's been almost a year since he finally left, and life's been quiet for the most part. After he left, I did go to a psychologist for awhile to properly deal with my feelings, so for the most part I've learned to not let my bitterness take me over. I don't get emotional or anything over it anymore, I've given myself more than enough times to cry and vent out. So, after all of what I've told, it's helped to remind me of some things. For one, I don't need to blame myself for being hurt the way I was. My brother was just a resentful person who took out his jealousy on me since I didn't grow up around my dad. I know I shouldn't blame everything on him, but I will be honest and say I hate him within every fiber of my soul and I intend to never see him again for as long as I live.To this day though, it still tears into my mother over what happened. She blames herself and gets emotional for being an inadequate mother for allowing everything to happen. I always reassure her I don't blame her for why things happened and I have no reason to blame her for my brother's wrongdoings. She feels better about it now, but sometimes the thoughts still stab at her and haunt her to this day. Sometimes I do worry about her looming over it.I still thank my sister and brother-in-law nearly every day of my life since they were the ones that made the possibility of removing my brother from my life a reality. I really don't know where things would be if they didn't intervene.The last I heard, my brother lived in with my father and his apparently insane girlfriend. My brother now leeches off of him for support and his girlfriend gets medication for her brain aneurysms and she sells them to my brother. So, in short, my brother has not learned anything.I guess the last things I have to say are, I hope people that stayed this long to read are inspired by my story. That's really the only thing I hope to gain out of writing all of this, is for somebody to feel motivated and move beyond their own abuse, because at the end of the day that's more than enough for me. I am a little proud that I was able to survive something like this. I don't see anything wrong with having pride in surviving something as serious as abuse, right fellas? ;)I want to thank every single one of you that read this far, because I'm sure I was extremely boring in some parts and it must've been a chore to get this far. I just hope people learn from my story, because even I've become a stronger person from my abuse. The thoughts still do haunt corners of my mind, but I've learned to deal with them. The best thing any one of us can do is take a horrible situation and make ourselves stronger from it.That's it, that's all of what I wanted to say. I hope you all enjoyed what I've taken the time to write about and I hope you learned something out of it.Oh, and for the love of god,Be nice to your siblings.
So this is my Birthday wish: http://imgur.com/a/9L0EI See those texts? This was my BF one year ago. I won't go into details or tell you the really bad stuff but this was the last time i spoke to him. I changed my phone number and moved on since then. Want to know how you'll be doing one year after leaving someone like this? I'll tell you, Your nightmares are the only place you can't avoid him, so you're afraid to go to sleep every night. You won't be able to have normal relationships for a really long time, probably forever. And forget going a day without having anxiety. Turn off the radio and stay the fuck home because anything in the outside world that reminds you of what you went through will instantly send you into a dizzy, blackout where you don't know if you should run off screaming or just stand there and never move again, and you just wish someone could read the panic on your face and take you to a magical place to escape the turmoil...but then you realize the turmoil is in you, and there is no escape.. Forget being intimate, sex is the farthest thing from pleasant now. And when you flinch because the nice guy you're now trying to start seeing brushed up against you, he's going to tell you that he can tell "You haven't been treated very good in the past" ...No matter how strong and invincible you think you look, they can tell how fucked up you are. And no, They can't tell you're a fucking warrior who beat the monster and is now just trying to move on and be normal...no that';s not what they can see....They can only see him haunting you. They can see him still not letting anyone get close to you. None can touch you without you being reminded that he's still in your head, and they can hurt you just like he did. So you push everyone away.Your "messed up" aura is an unavoidable leftover, stuck to you like a  glued on halloween costume you can't take off. You'll get very discouraged from being in public because they can tell, no matter how much you try to hide how damaged you are, someone will always point it out at the worst time, the moment you thought, "yay its no longer taking over my life" someone will pull you right back in. You'll spend all your downtime researching self help books and group therapy sessions. This is my dirty laundry laid out for you to see and avoid at all costs. So if you're involved with someone who puts you down, hurts you in any way, controls you; GTFO and NEVER EVER ENGAGE WITH THIS PERSON AGAIN.. Im literally a fucking shell of the "full of love girl" i used to be. I went from "she loves everyone so openly and whole heartedly" to "that girl has no fucking heart"..you damn right i don't, The cavity that once bore my heart will remain empty for a long ass time. It'll be a very fucking long ass time before I trust anyone enough to open up again. My son and my family are the only ones that get to see me vulnerable now, and thats it. So If you're going through this, Well you deserve better than this kind of disrespect or anything worse. You always did and always will. To those being abused: I'm here if you need help. Don't isolate yourself anymore, reach out. I know how good it feels when he's sorry...Just like how heroine feels like it's saving your life when you shot up after withdrawing. They are your drug, and they are killing you. Just keeping you hostage. To those who know someone being abused: Don't turn your back to them, you have no idea how manipulated they are right now. Stay with them, support them, get them help. Im putting my shit out here for a reason. I want this to open your eyes if this is happening to you, or anything like this. Granted; this was only a glimpse of what it was like. But either way, I want you to come to me and say "Im ready to leave him/her, what do I do?" or "I did it, I got rid of him/her, Im free now". One year ago and it still affects me every day. TBH I don't think i'll ever be normal again. Mental/physical abuse by anyone is wrong no matter how much "love" there is. It will fuck you up. So for my birthday, Im no longer going to hide from the fact that this defined me. Im not going to run from my circumstances. I'm going to help others, because that's the only way to give yourself a better mental state. After all; we rise by lifting others. So this year, I'll be donating my birthday money to NCADV to help Victims of domestic violence get the resources, tools, and support they need to safely escape their abusers. Help us help them by giving todayhttp://www.ncadv.org/act/donate. <That link is to donate to the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence. Thank you
I have been having a hard time trying to explain to my therapist certain things about my abusive-ex. I will say that I don't remember things, but I am still able to recount many instances of abuse in detail. I feel like I'm lying when I say I knowing I'm missing something. Part of me wonders how I know that I've not just forgotten (like I've forgotten things ive learned in school) but have a block there, or an absence of a memory that was there before, but I still know what the memory was about was bad. It's confusing and scary.
I won't go into details because that would take a very long time, but I've been in and (barely) out of abusive situations my whole life. Both of my parents were heavily abusive, I've had abusive friends for a long time, an extremely abusive former significant other, and an extremely abusive former room mate/friend/"brother". Because of all of this, I'm a little uh... "gun shy". I'm scared of a lot of types of people, and seemingly random things trigger me (not random to me, random to other people). How do you deal with other people? How do you deal with not flinching away from people in public, or trying to hide from people for certain reasons? I'm having a really hard time with it, and I'm terrified to even tell people I've been abused. So any help would be fantastic.
http://www.livingwithdidandptsd.space/Thanks for reading :]
**Are you male between the ages of 18 and 59? Did you have any sexual experiences in childhood or adolescence?**If so, you may be eligible to participate in an on-line research study being conducted at the University of Ottawa. Early sexual experiences among males have only recently begun to receive the attention they deserve. Your participation in this study will help us better understand the impact that sexual experiences during childhood or adolescence can have on males.By participating in the study, you will be entered in a draw for one of four $50 Visa gift cards.**What does participation involve?*** Anonymously answer a series of questions that take approximately 40-50 minutes to complete* The study is available on-line and can be completed from any computer, in the convenience of your home or office* Please note that the study is only available in English and to those living in Canada or the United States**Interested?**Log on to: http://fluidsurveys.com/s/male-childhood-sexual-experiences/**Questions?**Contact Jennifer Lyons from the Children's Well-being Lab at the University of Ottawa: jlyon019@uottawa.ca
I made a post two years ago, you can look and it explains my story.Unfortunately, this problem is still going on. However, they are talking about divorce more. But they never actually go through with divorce, they just fight about it and it calms down and they act like nothing ever happened.I just want to force it more on them as our whole family knows it's the right thing (my mom still doesn't think so but doesn't matter). I'm just looking for some outside intervention, I believe I've done everything I can myself without risking things that are important to me (he pays for my school which I don't have money for) but he knows a divorce is right but never does it. I am asking you guys, what happens when you call the police? I live in Toronto, anyonw know anything about the Toronto police? I want an officer to come in to the house so I can explain everything and have him talk to my parents as well, then monitor the situation. I mean like he doesn't need to stay at my house but I would liek to update him and have him come back if I need him. Or if not an officer than someone else.Every time I search online it just gives me counseling services or support hotlines. Now those are great but I don't need to talk it out, I can deal with myself and live a good life when I'm out of the house. My sister is also 16 so we can't get any child services. I need intervention, I need someone to act.Has anyone here called the cops? What happens?Thanks guys.
Today I began re-reading the journal I started towards the end of my relationship with my abusive boyfriend. Self-doubt has been creeping in a lot lately, but reading my entries is very grounding and reminds me that it wasn't all my fault.  I don't know what, if anything will come from this post—but I think I just need to get it out there, because I can't really share this with anyone in my life. Thank you to whoever reads. 12/11/2014 ...I am confused about my feelings. I am not quite sure if I even really feel much of anything with E. When we broke up, I felt really sad, and that is the realest feeling I have had in a long time. I feel like I am ready to move on. Getting over E is different and will take time—but to move on… I want to leave behind all of these horrible struggles. I want to forget. I don’t think I like this any longer, if I ever did. I don’t want to look back on this year. I have had some amazing and new experiences, but they have been accompanied by E and all of the fighting and negativity. It makes the last year of my life feel like a big mistake, or something I should be ashamed of. I can’t keep living this way. I am going to have to face the same battle I did a couple days ago. I think most of my grief will have passed and I will have more resolve. When I think of ending things, I feel sad because of how much E will be hurting. I don’t want to break up because I would be going against my word. These are not good reasons to stay with someone. These are selfish and misguided reasons. I feel so wrecked with guilt. I feel horrified thinking about how much I have hurt E. He has hurt me as well, but it pains me so much to know I could bring so much hurt onto someone. My heart feels so heavy with guilt. I feel as if E’s pain has been shifted to me and I am feeling how I made him feel. It just breaks my heart. How could I be so mean and awful? I hope everything will be OK.
my sister and i had a really rough relationship growing up (i'm 21 now, and she's 26).  she's my only sibling and we're really close now, and i love her a lot, but that didn't happen until very recently. up until a few weeks ago, i always thought that the way we got along growing up was pretty normal sibling interaction, but i've been told that might not be the case.we've talked some about this, and she has admitted to me that she resented me throughout most of our childhoods, basically starting when i was brought home from the hospital as a baby. i think i have maybe a handful of positive memories with her from when we were kids, and those are just small conversations we had where she was nice to me, not a big deal. apart from that, she never really spoke to me except to belittle me. it's hard to think of specific examples, because nothing seems to stand out as being a big deal, but it was really hard growing up with her.  i would always leave whatever room she came into to avoid her.  when we had to be in the same room together, i didn't look at her because she would yell at me if i did.  i didn't keep journals or talk to anyone about it because she would find out and ridicule me.  i remember one time she locked me in a closet for several hours when she was babysitting me, but that was an isolated incident.  she would always talk about how no one wanted to be around me, or how no one would ever love me, or that no one really cared about me and the people who did were just pretending, and i really believed all of that for a very long time (and still kind of do, to some degree).  i had very low self esteem, and still find it really difficult to make friends and sustain relationships with people and talk about my feelings for (maybe?) that reason.our parents kind of knew what was going on i think, and i don't really know what they did about it that i didn't know about, but i never noticed any kind of change.  both my sister and i had problems with mental illness growing up (she has bipolar disorder and i have severe depression), and she saw a number of therapists growing up, and is seeing one now.  the reason i bring this up (and i guess the reason for this post) is that one of her therapists recently told her that she was emotionally abusive towards me growing up, and i guess i wasn't sure if that's really true.  i've never seen a therapist long term (i saw one for a few sessions after being hospitalized, but that's all), and i've never really talked to anyone about my relationship with my sister, and i don't want anyone to think that i'm blaming her for my problems. i guess i have difficulty seeing what she did as abuse, as opposed to sibling rivalry or other normal sibling relationships.i don't really know what the goal of this post is, except to see if this actually constitutes abuse or if i'm just making a big deal out of nothing?edit: wow, sorry for the block paragraphs.  TL;DR: my sister and i had a rough relationship when we were little, and i don't know if it was abusive or just normal.
It's been a long time since I've seen her, almost two years. Over a year of therapy, and a long time and way away later I managed to escape from the noose she had still tied to my mind. And yet, there are still places in my mind that I can't return to. My own mind. One of my best friends made some remark about you that caught me off guard. Nothing at all, really - but I didn't expect it. Suddenly, I'm feeling like shit. My heart races, my hands start shaking. Fuck. Why can't you leave me? 
You might remember my post asking about how to deal with working in the same restaurant as my abuser, if not and you care enough to read it, here's a [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/survivorsofabuse/comments/3cita6/how_do_i_stop_myself_from_dissociating_after_the/).It's been like three months since our last incident in the family. I just got a new phone and I can't keep my cards behind the phone case anymore so I just grab whichever cards I need before I leave the house. Tonight we decided to order a pizza, and I realized before I put the order in that I didn't bring my debit card to work. Long story short, she made it a bigger deal than it needed to be and I had a panic attack in the bathroom. Luckily it was at the end of my shift, so my manager just let me go. I guess tomorrow I have to explain some things to my coworkers.
(Possible trigger warning) This post is mainly to vent. I was sexually abused by a guy who my parents considered family between the ages of 11-18. I eventually got the guts to cut contact, and since then I've been on a healing journey that has been really successful. I've forgiven him, and I no longer feel shameful about my past. I rarely ever think about it anymore, except for when he tries to contact me. I haven't communicated with him in any way, shape or form for over 2.5 years now. He, on the other hand, just wont give up. Every once in a while, I can expect an email from him. He'll also send me cards for my birthday, and texts occasionally. I've always managed to shrug it off because its nothing new at this point, but the last batch of texts I got were just... unsettling to me. In the past it was always sappy 'romantic' stuff, this time it was commanding and aggressive. He said "Im gonna wait for you whether you want me to or not, because I fucking love you. You will wait for me. I don't care about anyone else." This has been on my mind. He doesn't give a shit about me even though he says he loves me. If he really loved me he'd respect my wishes and leave me alone. In the past I was never really concerned about my safety, but this side of him is new. I'm a little afraid that he might try something stupid because he knows where I live. So far he's stayed away. In the past I always just deleted/threw out anything he sent me, but I think I should start saving these things in case I need them in the future. I don't really know what else to do. I'm just feeling a little shaken by the texts. 
I have had multiple abusers throughout my life and never had PTSD like symptoms. A couple of the more recent ones: In 2009 the boyfriend I had just broken up with kidnapped tortured and raped me (with his parents in the other room not giving a shit) over an 11 hour period after finding out I started to show interest in another boy. I did not start having PTSD symptoms at this point but was heavily self medicating. A year and 4 months ago I was attacked by my then live in boyfriend who ended up putting my right arm in a cast after going into a rage and slamming his truck door on my hand breaking bone clean in half. After this traumatic event I've been having severe reactions to any form of confrontation. I can't handle the smallest stress or anxiety. I can handle arguments or even heated discussions. I feel like the other person isn't just being passionate about what they're talking about, I see it as anger and I get scared and start shaking and after the shaking stops I'm absolutely exhausted... My current boyfriend knows about my past traumas but I feel like he forgets that he's dating a traumatized person because I usually seem so ok. But then he'll flip out at other people on the road or customer service people at a store who he perceives as idiots, and I'll start shaking and be extremely uncomfortable and want to hide or cry, even though it's not directed at me. We were talking the other day and he speaks passionately and gestures with his hands. I began to feel like he was talking at me angrily so I told him. His response was "I'm not angry. THIS is anger." and slammed his fists on the counter. I freaked out and started crying and he didn't even realize that what he did was something that would frighten me and he started apologizing profusely. How do I help keep this fact in his head without having to remind him of it? I don't think I should have to constantly act outwardly traumatized so that he knows I'm constantly feeling it inside. Is anyone else dating someone who doesn't seem to understand their emotional issues? How do you deal with it?
I'm an adult now in a happy marriage but----Dealt with physical abuse as a kid.  I'm seeing the shadows of it in my life in interesting ways.  When my father died last year, I realized I never forgave him or my mother.  I ignored my parents soon after high school graduation, and never really explained the situation to my younger sibling, who never really experienced what I did, because of him being a boy (favoritism against girls), me being the first-born, and my willingness to include people like police in our lives.My mother made a point of telling me at the funeral that my father dreamt of me yelling at him about a week before he passed, him knowing I was still angry.  About the ghosts part:  I've always been terrible with school commitments.  Took me 6 years to get through undergrad.  Somehow gritted my teeth and made it into a competitive grad program and career track.  Simply put, I coast mostly, sometimes I put in the hard work, but generally I do the minimum to get by.  It has got me as far as the last board exam before graduation, which I am not passing.  I'm set to retake it soon.  I'm aware that I have resentment towards the world, and my father's death, and my personal stumbling block---all these things reverberate in many aspects of my life.  I'm angry and I hold on to it (or alternatively choose to do nothing) instead of being fully able to engage in what I want to.Just a few more steps to climb.  Thanks for listening.
When I was 8, my father started beating me, my mother and him had divorced, he'd been abusing her her but never touched me before then. It got worst and worse and than the worst when my mother left when I was 11-12 till I was about 15, at which point I left my dad. He committed suicide about a month later. My father may have sexual abused me, I don't want to say for sure, since they could have just been by accident during the beatings. Or just trying to scare me.I keep coming back to this one memory though. Or set of memories. When I was 4 or 5, definitely younger than 6, I had this weird ritual during playtime. I would imagine recreate with a lot of my toys, needles, lots of needles being jammed into their buts and what I didn't know we're their genitals. I had the toys pretend to do this to me and I did it to them. I did this often, and for some reason always alone, I'm not sure how but I knew that something was off about it and so didn't let others see, especially not my mother. Though I have a blurry memory of my father walking past while I played and did this, and felt no need to hide it. I recreated my toys being hurt in many ways, for some reason this concerned the storyline of almost all of my pretend scenes. I felt wrong when doing it. For years afterward I had weird, violent rituals with toys, I'd repeat them get hurt again and again in areas down there and make other toys comfort them since they felt sorry for them. I started becoming obviously sexual when I was about 8, rubbing ice on myself down there too, I did not know what sex was but attempted to find stories on the Internet involving pain down there. I don't know why. My dad was sexual at times I guess but I don't have any clear memories of obvious sexual abuse.I'm wondering is this normal? Do young children sometimes reenact toys being hurt again and again for some reason? And is it normal too start masturbating at 8? I'm a girl, I though boys were suppose to start doing that early not girls.Would appreciate any response or input.
Hi everyone. So as the title says, I'm having a bit of a dilemma currently. When I was approximately 8 years old, my mother told me that she had been molested by someone -- I asked her who specifically, and she wouldn't tell me. At the age of 29 (I'm now 31), I began having intermittent flashbacks of sexual abuse, but apart from those I have no other memories of this occurring. I've sought to corroborate the abuse with other family members, but due to the fact my mother has a varied and complex background of trauma and nervous breakdowns because of that, I've not brought it up with her. But I'm at the point where I'm beginning to suspect that if it did happen, it may have been the same person (presumably a family member) who abused her.I'm really at a loss, and would love some advice. Do I broach the subject with my mother, and risk her mental wellbeing? Is my recovery worth putting her through that? I'm honestly not sure, but not knowing the truth is making me absolutely crazy. It has been for years. It's so hard having these huge chunks of my life missing from my memory, and not being able to trust my flashbacks because of it. And as much as I try to tell myself that I don't need to know anything more than what my experiences are telling me... well, I do. I know this is kind of an odd situation, so apologies for that. But if anyone else has a similar experience, I would really love your advice. Thanks.
I have difficulty describing things so I hope this post is clear. From the age of 4 till 16 I lived in a house where my step-dad abused my mam and me. He was a real violent person, he once pulled a guy out of a car and broke his arm with a brick. But what happened in our house was a secret. So this went on for 12 years. It was physical and emotional and I isolated myself a lot as a child playing alone in a field or the woods. Will I ever be able to stop thinking about it. I don't know what it is about the abuse thats effected me. Am I angry it happened or that I wasn't able to speak up about it? Or am I angry that I feel it might have permanantly effected me mentally?
http://www.livingwithdidandptsd.space/Thanks for reading guys, hope this helps someone. :]
My mom and I were at the mall yesterday talking about my cousin. He's 22, has no job, no money and isn't doing anything to better his situation. He's being doing drugs since he was around 13 or 14. So we were talking about him, somehow we landed on the subject of him doing drugs and nothing with his life because he feels guilty. I knew immediately what she meant. I confirmed it and found out he told her it was a one time thing and my granny had caught him during it. I have no memories of this event. I remember other things. Since we were in the middle of the mall, I asked to go outside to somewhere secluded. I couldn't breathe once I found out my granny who took care of my cousin and me since I was a baby knew or found out and didn't do anything. I guess I had hoped my granny would protect me if she had known. This brought up a load of suspicions which is why I couldn't breathe. It brought up a lot of suspicion about my granny because it wasn't a one time thing with my cousin (it happened a quite a few times) and the fact that my granny's partner, Douglas (fake name) molested me. I panicked because what if she knew about Douglas and why did she leave me alone with my cousin if she knew. Why didn't she protect me. She was always saying that if someone abused me, she'd protect me, but she didn't when she knew. She's dead so it's not like I can ask why? Anyways, with my mom, I told her about Douglas' abuse. It felt wonderful to tell my mom. I was really happy that I told her. She knows about my cousin and now Douglas, but she thinks it was a one time thing with my cousin and a long term thing with Douglas. While it was a long term thing with my cousin but sporadic and Douglas, which was abuse more often. She was more angry with Douglas and more forgiving (Can't think of right word) towards my cousin. I pity my cousin, since he was most likely abused too and is 4 years older than me, but I when I think about what Cousin did to me, it felt the same as Douglas' abuse. I'm really confused. I don't forgive my cousin, because even though he feels 'guilty'. What he did to me made me feel similar to what Douglas did to me (shame and disgust) but he's still family and it happened when I was a kid and he was a kid too. He even lives with my other cousin, Matt, and me. He's also never said sorry. I feel like if I forgive my cousin, it'll somehow negate Douglas' abuse. I'm really confused. I know I have to tell my mom what happened with my cousin didn't just happen once. Should I? What's the point? Also, my mom wants me to go to my social worker's tomorrow to tell my social worker I was abused so I can get counselling now. I don't want anybody to know. It's embarrassing. I know I shouldn't but I feel ashamed. I had chances to tell social services I was being abused but I never did. I was even questioned by a social worker if I was being abused and I never said anything. I don't want anyone to know. I want advice or something. edit: I'm sorry if I'm not clear.
Original post:https://bu.reddit.com/r/survivorsofabuse/comments/3da3d4/i_dont_know_what_to_do_anymore/UPDATE:Two weeks ago I posted about my ex and our past relationship. Two weeks can apparently do quite a bit for someone. For the first week, everyday I would wake up anxious and terrified. Terrified of not being with him-terrified of being with him. I was plagued with memories and thoughts of him every single day. All I could think about what how much I missed him. How he rejected me. How I could try and be with him again. I missed him so much. I would call my mom to talk it through and walk through it all again, trying to convince myself that I didn't love him. Trying to convince myself that I no longer wanted to be with him. I didn't understand how he could do this to me. Why he would do this to me. I didn't understand how he could walk away without a single care or thought of me. It devastated me day in and day out. I felt worthless, and I felt like I had lost everything.Then one day I woke up and called my mom just to talk. My body and mind no longer ached. I woke up okay. And since, I have fully closed the door to him/our relationship and have not looked back.I have been seriously delving into myself. Who am I? What do I want? What do I need? What do I desire out of a partner? Why did I accept his behavior for so long? How can I begin to see red flags and move on immediately?I have rediscovered my strength and happiness. I no longer sit in misery and wonder about him or what he's doing. I've been going out more, trying new things, enjoying old things, spending time with friends-family-coworkers-meeting new people. I'm reading again, going out for coffee, getting ready and feeling great every single day. I've taken up things I used to love like painting, running, and writing. All those things I used to love and do for fun and for myself. Small and large.I just had no idea how much I had lost myself. How small I had become-not just physically, but mentally and emotionally as well. I had forgotten who I really am, and the strength that I truly possess. I feel like I'm breaking new ground and looking back isn't even an option. I finally feel at peace.And I can't help but think to myself, this is two weeks. Imagine what two months-six months-two years will feel like. Even the smallest tinge of sadness is just brushed aside, because I know who I am. I know what I am worth, and it certainly does not include him or what he has done to me.Thank you all for your encouragement. On a very serious note, you all saved me. You all saved me and helped me save myself. I am so glad to know that this is a place for strength and encouragement. I still read the comments from my last post. I am so deeply thankful for each one of you.For those of you who are in a similar place, please PM me. I would love to send some encouragement your way.
http://www.livingwithdidandptsd.space/Thank you for reading :]
In a recent talk I(18) was told by my Mum(50) that she was sexually abused as a child. From what I know, she and another cousin were sexually abused by an uncle and my mum did not tell her dad thinking that he would kill the uncle. She is now short tempered, very emotional, easily upset and over the last 20 years has become obese. I don't know whether any of these are because of growing up with the abuse or not. I asked her if she had considered therapy but brushed the question aside. I don't know if this is because she is scared, embarrassed or even just over it.Has therapy helped any of you or people you know through these situations?Is it worth convincing her to try therapy? and if so how do I go about finding a good therapist?In case it effects the response, the uncle is now dead.
I've really wanted to talk about this for a while but I have no friends that I can trust to talk about this with so...here I go I guess. When I was 13 (I am now 21), I met a friend online. He was 15, 2 years older than me.  We kept in contact daily on skype and became very close, I considered him my best friend.Looking back, he was always pretty mean to me.  He called himself "honest", but really he was just blunt and insensitive.  He would tell me I was an idiot/lazy/stupid all the time just as if it were just a simple fact, and I just accepted it because I have many mental health issues that make me feel bad about myself.  If I told him he was being mean he would say things like "we're best friends, I'm just being honest because you deserve honesty", etc. etc. He wasn't always mean. He could be a genuinely good friend to me, helping me out, letting me vent, playing online games with me, having pleasant conversation. When I was 16 and he was 18 he told me he had feelings for me. I felt emotionally attached to him because I had low self esteem and it made me feel worth something to have someone like me, and I agreed to make our relationship a romantic one.  He told me he loved me and I said the same to him.  One day while we were on webcam, he flashed his genitals at me without warning.  It upset me and I told him so.  He told me I was so "cute and innocent" and that I needed to stop being so prudish.  I believed him.  He ended up flashing me frequently in the coming weeks, and because I was his "girlfriend" and didnt want to be a prude I let him, even though it made me really uncomfortable.  One day, he put his erection up in the camera and I remember covering my eyes and looking away.  He said something like "this is what you do to me" and that since it was my fault I needed to let him masturbate to me, which I was not comfortable with at all.  I protested but he manipulated me into taking off my shirt/bra and letting him do it.  I was incredibly uncomfortable but he made me feel like I was worth something when I did it.  He manipulated me strip for him probably 10+ more times over ~2 months (I never got more comfortable with it).  Sometimes he would threaten to cut himself if I didn't do it.  He abruptly broke up with me after these 2 months and gave me no reason other than he didn't love me anymore.  He then told me that our relationship never happened- not to pretend it didn't happen, but literally tried to tell me it didn't happen. He acted like I was crazy when I mentioned anything about it, saying that it didn't happen.  We stayed "friends" for about a year, in which I got a non-internet boyfriend who I'm still with to this day. He didn't act jealous or anything, but encouraged me to be open to the idea of not being monogamous.  He was always asking me to send him nudes of myself, which I never did, to which he would get very "disappointed".  I have tried to cut off contact with him several times but he has always told me that if I do cut myself off completely he will kill himself.  He has sent me pictures of cuts on his wrists when I ignored him.He has said several times that if he ever meets me in real life he expects me to have sex with him.  Ive expressed my discomfort with this and it makes him "depressed".  He follows me on all my social media and im scared to block him because i dont want him to cut himself or kill himself.  I don't know what to do.  He hasn't messaged me for maybe 3 months now but I don't know what to do if he does but ignore him.  I'm not exactly looking for advice but just to share my storysorry if it doesn't make sense im not feeling too great right now
I want to share my podcast episode from this week where I'm joined by a childhood sexual abuse survivor who has only recently started sharing her story publicly at the age of 57. We talk about what it was like for her when her abuser died, what it was like for her when she went back many years later to the place where the abuse took place, and how her past experience lets her know that she can get through any tough times that come her way now. You can check it out at the link below if you'd like. Thanks.http://thegrassgetsgreener.com/leaning-on-past-to-be-strong-today/
WARNING: Reminders of traumatic experiences may be triggering for individuals. The survey questions are outlined on the first page of the informed consent. If you are 18 years of age and have experienced a traumatic event, you are eligible to take the survey. You will receive no incentives or direct benefits from this study. The survey takes between 15-30 minutes to complete, depending on the number of traumatic events one has experienced. All responses are anonymous. No identifying information will be collected. Participation is entirely voluntary; you may withdraw at any time. This study has been approved by my university’s institutional review board. I appreciate your time and consideration. You are welcome to contact me with questions about the study.http://louisville.az1.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_7P8y6lrFqNKTEnb
Hi all,Thanks for reading - I added a trigger warning because I'm going to talk about my dream in-depth, and it includes some vivid incest.So some background: when I was a toddler, I was molested by my live-in uncle. After a period of time, he moved on to my younger sister. I am just starting to recover memories and understand what happened, nearly 30 years later.Last night, I took some melatonin and fell asleep, dreaming this long, drawn out adventure about travelling in the Middle East with a HUGE group of family and friends. We were all there to discover some kind of ancestral link, and came upon a very rich monastery that used to be the primary residence of someone in my family. In this newly-appointed house of god, there were a team of female monks, and a cache of gold and silver coins. My family decided that these funds belonged to them, and started rounding them up - ignoring the pleas from the monks that it was essential to their work. In an attempt to befriend us and possibly stop the robbery (ugh), the monks offered for us to stay with them and use their facilities for as long as we liked.The whole group was very thankful, as we hadn't showered the dust off in several days, and set to getting all of the kids clean / ready for bed. For some reason, they thought it was a great idea to just let them bathe in groups in the five available bathrooms, without any adult supervision (most of the adults in the dream were people who had been neglectful in my own childhood, but I was a teenager in the dream). I recognized that this was a dangerous idea, and started checking in on the bathrooms to be sure everyone was doing fine (and not drowning). This is where it gets graphic: In the third bathroom I checked, my sister (as a teen) was laying down in the bathtub naked, with my uncle on top of her (also undressed) and two of the toddlers in the group at the bottom of the tub. My uncle was fondling her breasts, and it was very obviously inappropriate. My first reaction in the dream was to leave - just shut the door and leave them be, but then a wash of rage came over me and I opened the door and screamed that they needed to get out of there.This caused quite the ruckus among the adults, and my uncle came rushing out of the bathroom to confront me. He basically accuses me of making a scene over nothing, and that he and my sister were just making sure the toddlers were alright. I freaked out, and in front of everyone told him that he was a lying, disgusting child molester that deserved to be dead (he is dead in real life - after a car accident in the same week I recovered my first memory). I said he deserved to be rotting in a grave for all the hurt he caused me and my sister - that I knew he was molesting her because he had done it to me before.Now that I'm awake, I feel like I was given this chance to confront him that will never happen in real life, and it feels both awesome and disgusting. I just needed to tell someone who wouldn't try to analyze it (like my counselor will undoubtedly do with me this weekend), or worry that this is the start of a dreaming trend (it may be, but my husband has been so freaking supportive I don't want him to stress until it is actually a problem). Thanks for taking the time to read, and I welcome any thoughts/support/stories this might bring up for you.
I was abused until the age of 24 (almost 25), and when I left the house my mom was finally able to have the courage to divorce my dad. She tried to get custody of my younger sister, but my step dad called the cops and accused my mom of abusing her (when he was the one abusing all of us), and the cops took her out of the house. We haven't seen her since she was taken out of the house to live with my step dad, even though my mom fought for joint custody of her in court and we have both tried to get her out of that abusive situation.After my mom and I left, we initially got ownership of the house since she got the ruling of half of everything. But my step dad eventually ended up taking her back to court and took the house from us, along with everything in it, which left us with no possessions and homeless. I applied for a loan and went back to school, which was able to get my mom and I into an apartment. While I was attending college, my step dad was sending people to harm my mom and I. After I got my English Major, we did not feel safe in the city we were living in anymore, so we both applied to a publishing company via a Craigslist Ad and moved down to Phoenix to escape my step dad and the people he was sending after us.My mom did the marketing, and I built the website. She had an ad on Craigslist about needing these positions filled in her company and since we both needed a job in order to move down to the Valley to escape our oppressive situation, we both took the open positions. We were in kind of a live-in situation with the publisher until we could find our own place in the Valley. However, one night, the publisher lady we were staying with completely freaked out for no reason. She yelled, screamed, and was basically acting like she was possessed. After her freak out session, my mom and I were thrown out of her house, literally onto the street. This left us homeless for a week until we were able to rent an apartment with another one of my mom's friends, who also turned out to be kind of a weirdo, but that is a different story. We both were able to find other jobs from there, but would never forget the experience of living with that crazy lady. She was always doing shady things too, like finding reasons not to pay my mom and I for our services. In fact she still owes my mom a good deal of money for her marketing work, but since she is such a freak my mom and I have never wanted to go back and press the issue. I’m not sure what the lady's deal was but I am happy we no longer have any association with that woman.On a similar note, when my mom and I were homeless for that week, living in a hotel that allowed pets (since our cat was with us) and putting the bill on my credit card, my mom responded to another ad. I went with her to this house that has an old man who wanted people to clean his house. It was a downgrade from what we were used to do, but hey, work was work, and we needed the money to get out on our own, so we both decided to see if it would work out. But when we went there, it became apparent pretty quick that the old guy wanted people for services we were not willing to provide. Everything about this guy screamed creepy predator. He kept talking about all of the females who left the job because they didn’t like to be around him. He also implied that his wife had left him because he had gotten way too friendly with his daughter. He kept insisting that we could stay with him in his house until we found a place to stay and that he would be happy to give us any comfort we needed. He said this in a creepy way that implied so much more than it might have seemed on the surface. We both finished the interview, then left. We did not respond to the man again. I hope that no one else will respond to this guy’s advertisement and if they make the same mistake we did, I hope they really question his motives. We were just lucky that the man was willing to talk about his weird behavior so we didn’t have to figure it out for ourselves. All I can say is that if you see an advertisement online posted by someone who wants a maid, make sure they have references. There are a lot of creepy people out there and not all of them are as willing to share things about themselves as that creepy man was.After that experience, we were able to move in with one of my mom's friends she had met online (a lady named Jen) and we both got jobs to help keep up our end of the rent. However, the lady we were living with was stalking this guy in New York and kept charging us more and more money so she would have the money to fly there and meet with him, research where he lived, and do other creepy stalker like things. We only had so much money to give her, so eventually we told Jen that we were moving out. Jen was a bit angry because she didn't have enough money to stay in the apartment on her own and had to move out and find her own place. One of the reasons she had wanted us to move in was because she was having trouble making the rent and needed some other people to rent with her. So she reluctantly decided to look for her own place. Jen started to act really weird when we told her we were leaving. I was genuinely freaked out by the way she was acting, So it was an awkward month as my mom and I and Jen were each looking for our own places to live. Jen also refused to clean the apartment, even though she had owned it for five years before we moved in. Jen found an apartment before us and moved out, refusing to clean anything. Which left my mom and I to clean an apartment which was in serious need of a spring cleaning, with limited funds to do so on our part. So we spend a grueling week cleaning everything on our own, until we finally were able to move to our new apartment.Things in the new apartment went okay until one day when the water mains above our apartment broke and we were literally flooded out. Out apartment was a complete wreck for a month, and the apartment people weren't doing much to help us. So we decided to look for a new apartment to live in, which brought us to where we are now.Mind you, this entire time we have still been on the run from my narcissist stepfather. And at the same time, many of the family members who had taken my step father's side had passed away; my step grandmother (on my step-dad's side), my grandfather (on my mom's side), my grandmother (on my mom's side), and my Uncle (on my mom's side). But our family had disowned us so we weren't allowed to go to those funerals. We had to hold our own vigils for those people on our own. This was very emotionally draining for us both, seeing as we never got a resolution from those family members before they died. They passed away believing all of my step dad's lies about us. Our only solace was knowing that now that they had passed on, they finally knew the truth.And that pretty much brings me to where I am now. And in the midst of my crazy adventure, I met my husband who is currently overseas. But we have kind of made a mutual agreement that we don't want to be officially together until my mom and I have worked out our crazy life adventure. So that has been another emotional thing for me, over these past four years.I have been pursuing my art, music, writing, and other creative things while going through this crazy adventure. Even though I've gone through a lot of crazy stuff in my life, I am not going to let it keep me from the things I like to do.Everything in life happens for a reason. This crazy adventure has taught me to have compassion for other people who might be going through something similar. While it is disappointing that my family chose to take my stepfather's side, it taught me an important lesson that just because people are related to you by blood, it doesn't mean that they will always be there for you, or understand what you are going through.I always felt different from most of my family anyway, growing up because of my abusive situation.My mom has a very interesting story as well as she, her sister, and her brother were kidnapped by their mother and step father one summer and were abused for 18 years, until each of them were able to escape and return home. It is interesting that their long adventure of abuse affected our family even after they returned. My aunt became rather successful, but has lived a difficult life because of her past pains. My uncle who recently passed away became a rather successful producer in New York, but also struggled with issues from his past. And my grandparents were very dysfunctional. My grandmother (who was really my step grandmother, since my grandfather remarried) was always overdosing on prescription drugs, which had some adverse effects on her behavior. And my grandfather was very narrow minded when it came to what woman were allowed to do out of the house. Mind you, I grew up watching all of these people around me growing up, and it was hard to make sense of everything at such a young age.So anyway, that is just the tip of the iceberg of my unique family situation and crazy life experiences. I don't feel sad that I've gone through these experiences. Like I said, they have made me into who I am today and have shown me all of the things I don't want to be.From my traumatizing experiences over the last 29 years I have developed severe social anxiety, depression, PTSD, agoraphobia, and other extreme health issues that I don't get any assistance for, and I can't afford healthcare, so I have to deal with these issues on my own.Many of these issues were caused by growing up in my oppressive household. I was also abused in the workplace and at school which led to giving me PTSD and Agoraphobia which made it so I can't leave the house.Because of my various health issues I have worked hard to build all of my online companies myself.Some people are lucky to get help. It's good to see those kinds of stories. But people like me who have also been on the run from a dangerous family member for the past five years, are not as lucky.Call it fate? I don't have any other family member to help me. I have been shut out by most of my family who took my abuser's side and think I'm the problem.When you grow up, no one tells you that your health might fail. You might not have the best family. You might lose friends who can't understand what you are going through.Things like these do bring up some interesting questions. How come some people are helped when others go unheard? It will always be a mystery. But it does give me compassion for other people who have never had a helping hand.Sometimes life isn't what you think it would be and it takes unexpected turns. You can feel old, tired, and worn out like you can't go on.But I believe we go through hard times, to help other people who are going through the same thing.I know that over the course of my five year adventure of struggling to get by, I have met valuable friends and adopted family who understood my situation and could sympathize what I was going through. And that is worth more to me than what this word says it can give you; a car, a job, status this, status that.Yeah, I've been there. I grew up with a lot of stuff but I wasn't happy because I was being abused. I've had good jobs but left them because I was being harassed. I've had the opportunity to get an education but didn't enjoy that either because I was bullied by professors. I've been in those places that are supposed to make you happy, and it took having nothing, having no food, and subsisting on prayers and broken dreams to realize that what the world says it can give you amounts to nothing.What matters is the time you spend with the people in your life who really matter. Everything else is so superficial and fleeting. You can lose a job. Your education could mean nothing as technology advances and replaces your need to be in a field. You might lose your possessions in something like a natural disaster or just because you need to sell them to get cash. It is all so meaningless.But the people who really matter in your life are priceless.
When I was (I think) 7-8, my older brother 12-13 asked if he could see my lady parts in exchange for pokemon cards. I let him do it. He would look and he never touched me with his fingers but used other things. He asked to do it a bunch of times and I let him, because.. pokemon cards (which he never did give me) As we got older I would come home and he would be sitting around the house with just boxers on and his penis hanging out of the hole in his boxers, and would ask me to touch it. I never did. For years and years I have felt dirty because I let him do it.I don't even know if this counts as abuse. I have told 3 people that this happened, my SO, best friend, and mother. My mum feels that it was on the way to something bad but the actual thing that happened wasn't serious. My SO and best friend both feel it was molestation. I don't really know how I feel. I let him do it, so what does that make it?I have been thinking about it a lot lately with the Duggar's in the news, and I just wanted the opinion of an outsider.Thanks
http://www.livingwithdidandptsd.space/And thank you to everyone who reads my blog :]
I thought this might be uplifting for some of you.https://youtu.be/gVws52PPvEA
I'm sorry, this is more of a rant than anything.My mother passed away and I'm not sure how to feel. I guess that's normal to become numb to everything. I'm unsure if I should go to her funeral. I want to be the good daughter and go grieve with everyone else but another side of me doesn't even want to bother.I grew up in a dysfunctional family. The usual type with a drug addict mother and a father that I wasn't even sure was biologically mine. He was only around a few times a year anyway. I've seen things a child should never see. And I've felt things a child should never feel. At the worst of it my mother sold me to men to feed her habit. My first "play-time" happened when I was 9; I'm 25 now. Because of this I feel I can never get close to anyone. I feel dirty even when my co-workers hug me. And just someone's hand brushing against mine makes me feel an innate fear I can never control.I'm a terrible person for it but I can't stop hating her. Her very name causes me pain to the point that my emotions swell up inside until I feel I will explode. I want to cry out and somehow rid myself of this hatred, but I can't seem to feel anything but numbness.I know I'm going to Hell for being such a miserable child that can't even forgive their own mother. But may be it's better this way. I'll be punished for telling her good-bye and I hope to never see you again. I guess I got what I wanted in the end. 
My parents were abusive when I was a child. Physical, mental, and emotionally. They stopped regular physical abuse when I was around 7, after that it was small windows every now and again. Due to my childhood I suffer from Dissociation and anxiety. So far, seems like a no brainer to cut contact right? But I have a little brother, who is 8 right now, still living with them. And after I moved out they didn't talk to me for a year, but since then we've actually had a pleasent relationship. I guess since I no longer live with them, they don't take out their stress and don't feel they have power over me. My dad still belittles me sometimes, but not to the extreme as when I was a child. I feel like my life would be a lot better if it werent for their abuse. I've also been in multiple abusive romantic relationships, two of them involving the boyfriend at the time raping me(one of which I suffer PTSD because of, and when I tried to tell my mom about him to get help it got ignored). If I had a better childhood... I don't think I would of been drawn to men like that, and would of known that what they were doing wasn't love. My mom has been texting me, wanting to have lunch. Though she was an abuser, she wasn't as much so (had moments of logic/clarity) and I love her. I also love my brother. Should I continue trying to heal and forgive them, and stay in contact so I can ease my little brother's childhood? Or should I just cut my losses, and hope for the best when my brother is old enough to reach out to me? Sorry for typos and grammer issues, I'm not very good with that sort of thing. 
http://www.livingwithdidandptsd.space/
I had been in an abusive relationship for two years.He has called me a cunt, a selfish bitch, a whore, that I'm just trying to get attention and seek out other people (when I would put on cute clothes or wear make up). He's told me I'm psychotic, jealous, insecure...worthless, an idiot, incapable of holding a conversation. He tells me he can't be with me for numerous reasons.He would tell me he's leaving me. That he can find someone better. That my passions and dreams are something anyone could do and that I am not talented. He would break up with me constantly, leaving me begging him to stay, trying to show him all of the good things. Then he would want to "make love" or have me go down on him because that's how he felt love...And then he would leave me again. I have become so terrified of him leaving and so desperate for him to just love me.He broken my phone. He's thrown me against walls and hit me. Spit on me. He even pee'd in the toilet and started throwing my clothes in it once. He's broken my things, threatened to call the cops on me, chased me around with an electric drill, tried to chase my cat outside with a broom and terrorized her while she hid in the cabinets, banging the broom on the ground over and over again. He has driven like a crazy person with me in the car, jerking the wheel and threatening to leave me on the side of the road. On the highway once, he even pulled into the area by an on ramp and threatened to leave me there, in the middle of the highway.For two years he has torn me apart, and when I leave, he just drags me back in. Just to throw me away once he has me.I am so miserable. I hadn't spoken to him in days, I changed my number, blocked his emails. I moved myself and my cat to a safe place that he doesn't know about. I have been spending so much time with my family and friends. I'm seeing a therapist and working towards bettering myself and getting over this trauma. And I get a message from him in my trash that said "I'm thinking about you. Hope you're doing well." And that's when it all started again. I started talking to him and he roped me back in, giving me hope. Making me think we could work it out, only for him to tell me he wants to stay single and that we can never be together again. After he told me that he missed me and misses being with me. That he loves me...and now he treats me as if I am absolutely terrible and unlovable. That I'm the last person he would want to be with. That it's clear we can never be together-after he contacted me.When I left after he beat me, took out all of the light bulbs, broke the curtain rods, tore down the curtains, and took the blinds off of the windows, I had blocked him and didn't want to see him again. He kept emailing me and telling me to meet him at a hotel. He said that he had bought a shotgun to commit suicide (he had been suicidal the whole time we were together and I finally just said do it because I couldn't take it anymore), and he said that I saved him. That my kindness and love helped him through, and that he didn't want to lose me.Only to throw me away again.And I know that it isn't logical, but something in me wants to make it work. And I feel so hopeless and worthless. Like I'm stuck. And I was doing just fine weigh no contact until he reached out and said those things.It's like he won't let me move forward. And I don't understand. He wants me, but he doesn't want me. And it's tearing me apart. I am so devastated and broken.And the worst part is he can't even admit it to himself. He gets angry and tells me I'm calling him a "woman beater" and all of these things. But he doesn't even see the damage he causes. How he has treated me. Somehow it is all my fault. He constantly blames everything on me and calls me jealous. It's because of my "jealousy" that he has had to leave me and be this way.I feel so empty and alone. And I just want to move on, but I feel like he keeps dragging me in.I don't know what to do anymore...I feel so lost....
I've been through a little bit of trouble through my life. I'm not at all sure how to actually talk about it, or write about it, every time I try something inside of me says "No, you're not that weak, it wasn't that bad, get over yourself!" Stuff like that, you know?I'm not sure at all whether what I've been through is bad, in comparison. Now I know we're all different, and one should never compare pain 'cause it experienced in different ways - what's bad for one, might not be for another. But still, I can't get myself to speak about it without totally making fun of it, joking about it and just really dissociate from it. But then again, I'm in a constant fight or flight state, I can't stop noticing whatever is around me, I basically never forget anything I see, just to be sure I won't miss out on any clues to when something bad will happen. So again, how does one start to talk or even write about anything? And where to begin? There's just so much. 
This is me. A forty-five-year-old man, married, two beautiful (damn near perfect) little kids. I'm a stay at home dad. I'm funny, smart, charming. I've traveled the world, I've seen and done amazing things. I seem confident, relaxed. No one knows what I've been through.Molested as a kid, by a woman. I'll spare you the details because it's quite disgusting. Also I still get sick to my stomach every time I think about it, even after all these years.I still wrestle with PTSD. I startle so damn easily. My four-year-old has mentioned it. He's seen me jump. Maybe one day I'll tell him the truth.My sexuality is a mess. I'm a heterosexual male, but things have to be perfect for me to be physically intimate. I have to feel completely safe. I can't have even the slightest sense that I'm being used or I freeze up. I need a strong emotional connection to feel safe. One-night stands, casual sex are out of the question. If I don't feel like the person actually cares about me then I feel nothing physically, no pleasure. I just try to get through it.I've been working on it for years, and I am better. I am improved. I still have PTSD but it doesn't dominate my life the way it once did. I focus on my kids. I've sworn a blood oath that I'll do whatever I can to make sure they never experience what I have.My life is far better than it used to be. Previously, I was a kind of charming zombie. Easygoing and without any problems as far as the outside world was concerned, but totally numb inside. Now my outer and inner selves are much more in sync (I'm not so perfect on the outside, not so messed-up on the outside).It's been a hard road but I'm glad I've walked it. Tackling PTSD and trauma can be a frigging nightmare. It can make you wish you could go back to your old coping mechanisms. But believe me, it's worth the effort. I can feel joy like never before, happiness and excitement like never before. I feel connected to life and other human beings on a deep and powerful level.I don't have much to offer except to say to those still struggling: hang in there, sisters and brothers. You can make it.
http://aeon.co/magazine/psychology/how-childhood-biography-shapes-adult-biology/I came across this article the other day, and I found it really interesting. I was previously unfamiliar with the ACE score, but after looking up the test I discovered my score was a 5. I'm still relatively healthy at the age of 31, but articles like this really make me worry about what my health will be like 20 years from now.I'm curious to hear other people's thoughts on this article.
http://www.livingwithdidandptsd.space
I want to share a podcast episode I released this past week where my guest talks about how he was abused at home and bullied at school when he was growing up. He's had to overcome negative self-beliefs and feelings of worthlessness. We talk about how self-love helped him heal and allowed him to get into a relationship with someone who made him feel worthy. If you struggle with negative self-beliefs or feelings of worthlessness, then this might help. You can check it out at the link below. Thanks.http://thegrassgetsgreener.com/heal-your-wounded-child-through-self-love/
http://www.youcaring.com/marine-veteran-fundraiser-384929Story in the link - please give, whether by donation or by helping pass the word - let's help this American veteran break the cycle of VA dysfunction, coercion, emotional and physical abuse!
I'm enjoying my anonymity on here. I can't say this out loud to anyone, not even my therapist. I'm not looking for sympathy, I jsut want to get it out. I just need an ear. Here goes...In August on 2012, my drink was spiked at a party I attended with some "friends" from high school. Two of them raped me while the rest of them filmed it. This happened in an apartment a street up from my house. If I stand out my front door, I can see that apartment.I had a breakdown, became dependant on alcohol and tried to commit suicide, all at the age of 19. My most damaging suicide attempt led me to report it to the police in the following April.From the get go, I wasn't believed, nor taken seriously. They said to my face that because I had been promiscuous in the past, and one of them was in the forces, that they didn't believe me. One even said, "Well, maybe it's like when people are into bdsm and it goes wrong?" No, it was fucking rape.They told me that they were ending the investigation. No crime had taken place they said. And then they left. And that was it.I finally got back into full time work in the October of 2013, and one of the people that filmed my rape worked there, obviously unbeknownst to me. I hadn't even imagined that as a possibility. I was scared to go into work every day, but I couldn't afford to quit my job. I had to tell them all about it. I got very very sick and would vomit so much every day that I was frequently throwing up blood due to the blood vessels in my esophagus bursting. I was diagnosed with a stress induced stomach ulcer which I will have for life.I ended up getting fired due to my absences, despite the fact that half the time, I was coming in but throwing up so much blood I had to leave and be taken to the ER. I honestly thought I was dying.Time passed. I was never over it, and my anxiety was always at a level 10, anytime I left the house to go ANYWHERE. As of May 2013 I managed to stop self harming, and I haven't since, but my whole body is ravaged with keyloid scars. My hair was falling out in clumps. The nightmare were horrific and I would wake up hysterical. So I stopped sleeping. The only saving grace is that I remember very little about that night, except little flashbulb memories like a bathroom sink, a beer can, a bed, a bath. The door bursting open.I trie dto get back to some symbolence  of a normal life. I curbed my drinking, except for a red wine with dinner. I stopped going to clubs completely. What came along with this, however, was a complete hermit view of life. I still would never leave the house.Then a miraculous thing happened - I got a full time job. It was shit money, but I got out the house, could buy whatever I wanted, I even made friends. For the first time in my life, people actually liked me. I got back into performing again, and for a while things were good. I had a distraction and a purpose.Then in October last year,the police knocked on my door. Told me that it had been in the news. Detectives had cut corners, cases were being looked at and reopened. Mine was one of them.The nightmares had never truly gone away, but they were sporadic. Once a week maybe. I considered it a win, as it was no longer twice a night. But now they were back in full force. The new detectives I was assigned were amazing. They truly gave s hit about me, there was no judgement and they just actually cared. I actually enjoyed when they came over with an update. Things were looking up, I thought. Things were being done, Justice was going to be served.On the 10th of December I was on a cigarette break at work, on the phone to my mother, and I have a habit of checking behind all corners wherever I am. I needn't have looked too far. I turned to my right and there he was. My rapist. The one I was most fearful of. I was terrified and I didn't know what to do. I was so grateful, thankful and lucky that I was on the phone with my mother at the time, because she simply said, "Go upstairs, get your shit, tell your manager you're leaving. I'm coming to get you NOW."I was a mess. I was hysterical, all on my own. I didn't know whether to hide until he left the smoking area, or just run.I ran. I threw up in the middle of the busy cafeteria. I couldn't stop shaking. I went upstairs and told my manager. He took me into the prayer room and I had a full on panic attack. He was very very kind and asked if it was ok to give me a hug to try and calm me down. I let him, and it did help. I had to give a statement, which he tried to make as easy for me as possible. Then I went back to my desk, a mess, and collected my things. My lovely, wonderful sweet friends all put their customers on hold to ask if I was ok, which I truly appreciated with all my heart, but I just wanted to get out. I felt like an animal in a cage at the zoo. But I couldn't leave yet. I had to give a full on statement and have a meeting with the head of HR which luckily didn't last too long.I shot out of there like a bullet to my mother awaiting in her car. I dropped my full cup of coffee on the floor of the car and sobbed and screamed in her lap like I never had before. I don't remember ever crying that hard. She just held me and didn't say a word. I couldn't speak. I couldn't breathe.She drove me home and called the detective for me, telling her what happened. She said she would try and handle it. I just wanted to sleep. I went to my room, put on my pyjamas and tried. I had full body tremors, which still hadn't dissipated the next day. I've been told since that I had went into shock.I got a sick note from my doctors for the next 6 weeks until we were all amde redundant. Another Christmas ruined by these monsters.I found a new job right in the centre of town and thought, "Please for the love of god, let this be a new start" One of them followed me on the train all the way to town, going as far as to switch carriages so he we standing right behind me.  Another spat at me while I sat in my seat on my way home, head buried in a book, nowhere to run. I was let go from my job because I so frequently had to take calls from the cops, had to leave early when I found out one of them was arrested and had a panic attack, had been on the internet, reading the news when I was the one who was in the article. It was all over the news, but thankfully they didn't reveal my name. They're not allowed to.I've been unemployed ever since, and 6 weeks ago, the police told me that there was nothing that they could do but it's been ruled a crime. If anyone did a background check on them, that is what will come up. A victory I suppose. I booked a vacation and got the fuck out of my town for a week which was very theraputic.Now I don't know what to do. What do I do with my life now? They're still walking around, having kids, going to parties. Because we went to high school together, everyone I know knows them. I had to cut literally around 100 people out of my life, facebook cull, ignoring them in the street. I can't tell whether they know so I just assume they do.Nightmares still exist. I'm still suffering from them. How do I go on from this? How do I live my life?Thank you for listening, and I'm sending strength to you all.Love and peace always xxx
http://www.livingwithdidandptsd.space/
A few months ago, I had a dream that I was in my childhood home, standing upstairs, while the person who did bad things to me was downstairs, raging and yelling and throwing things. I told her I didn't want anything to do with her anymore, and she left, slamming the door as she went.When I woke up, I felt so peaceful. I felt like I had let go. I felt like my mind had freed me, had let me say something strong and decisive and *end* everything and kick her out of my head. That lasted for a little while. Maybe a couple of weeks.  All the memories and the fear and the anxiety have been letting themselves back in, just as bad. Not as bad as when things were still happening, or the year or two after they had ended, or back before I had been able to cut off all contact completely with a new number and email filters and blocking wherever I could manage it.I'm not free of things. Still frightened and still feeling like the lowest piece of trash and awfulness who deserved everything and who provoked everything and who broke everything beautiful in the world. Back to believing everything she said, like the dim gas lights are all in my head. I don't have anyone to talk to here. I'm isolated and I'm far away from where everything happened, but not far enough that I feel comfortable.For a little while I thought I could still have dreams and still want to do things with my life. But I don't want her to find my name and see what I'm doing, what I've done, where I am. I want to be invisible to her. I don't know how to be, except to be invisible to everyone. I don't put my face online. I don't have public profiles. I don't want my name out there. but only because of one person. I know that's giving her too much power. I don't know how else to live.
Quick explanation: I work in the same restaurant as my sister, who has emotionally abused me in the past. She works in the back and I work in the front, and over the weekend I suddenly heard her start yelling at another employee, and upon hearing her scream I went into my usual state of defense as fight-or-flight kicked in, and for the rest of the night I was struggling to maintain eye contact with customers and be as friendly as I need to be.To defend myself, I often dissociate from my feelings and stay in a general state of apathy until it's safe to start feeling again. I don't like losing all my emotions. I don't want to do it anymore, but I don't know how to stop.
Again, if there's a better place for this please let me know. Sorry if this is hard to follow, I'm typing on mobile, it's fucking late, and it's been a crazy night. Throwaway for obvious reasons...I'm eighteen years old, my girlfriend, C, is seventeen, and her mother is mentally unstable and abusive. When C and her two sisters were kids, she tried to drown them in the bathtub. She was admitted to a mental hospital and treated for bipolar(?) disorder. Supposedly she's gotten better.So about tonight. I hadn't seen C in four days, so tonight I went to her house... Everything was going well until about midnight (this is a little later than I usually stay).Shit this story's more complicated than I thought... But C and I have been together several months. We have sex. Her mom found out about this by eavesdropping during one of C's visits to her gynecologist, and has been shaming her for it, using the word slut and whore.To make matters worse, C was sexually assaulted a year ago. Her mother has made her think this was her fault and shames her for it.So tonight, C and I are watching a movie. We're laying in bed, and we've got a blanket over us. Her mom comes in.She starts to say something, than stops. I'm half asleep. C is sort of panicking, telling her mom that nothing had happened (it hadn't), even removing the blanket to show her we both had clothes on.Her mother gets very cold and basically tells us that I need to get the hell out, and that I'm no longer allowed to stay there past ten. OK, whatever. So I get my keys and shit, and C walks with me to my car to say goodbye.Then she breaks down. Between sobs she tells me that she's afraid to go back inside because her mom is going to yell at her, call her a slut, and blame her for when she was assaulted (this is what she did when she found out C was sexually active with me). I do my best to console her, and ask if she wants me to drive her somewhere safer.She says she doesn't want to risk leaving with me and that she'll call a friend or sleep outside... Obviously this doesn't sit well but she insists that I leave so I do, telling her to call me if she needs anything.So on my way home I get these texts;"I left""She hit me"At this point I'm outraged, I sent her a barrage of texts asking were she was going to sleep, whether she was hurt, if she wanted me to come get her, whether she had thought about calling the police, ect.She's staying at a friend's house, so I know where to go if she needs help, which puts my mind a bit more at ease, but I still feel like I need to do something. She's told me repeatedly not to worry, but yeah, I'm fucking worried. This isn't the first time her mother has physically assaulted her. I'm kicking myself now thinking of the bullshit she fed me about that bruise on her eye... To scared to tell the truth...The biggest problem is that she feels like she doesn't have any recourse. I want her to know that she's not alone and that she doesn't have to put up with it.So I'm looking for options, tips, resources, legal information, anything that I can find to help her. What can I do?
I made a blog, its about my daily and past struggles with PTSD, DiD and being abused as a child. Its been fairly popular in r/ptsd and r/did so I thought I'd post it here and see if it could help you guys.http://www.livingwithdidandptsd.space/
This is an intro. It's an x-post from offmychest below. Having said that I am glad to have found this sub and that I plan on contributing if the opportunity comes up. Once again it's child sex abuse so if you are going to get upset then probably skip this, np.___________________________________________________Please speak freely. I would appreciate advice from men only, though.My mom (single parent) hated me. She was physically violent. Strange ideas about sex as well. She left me on my own with different people while she worked. The day in question, well, it was liquor and violent sex/abuse in a dark dirt basement with at least 3 people. Two kids. I wasn't in school yet I don't think. That's all the detail I care to go into. What happened dominates my thoughts. I was angry all the way through school. I had no control over my emotions. I was messed up! Ostracized. There was obviously something wrong.I can read this and see that really it makes no sense at all that this would still affect my life - but it does. Sex or just touch is just too weird. I feel like garbage. I have attempted suicide and the thought of it is always present as an eject button. I deal with it. I mean i survive, but I have NO family or friends. Very few people have been in my house other than workers since my divorce in the 90's. So I could go on like this, but thought I'd throw out a reddit flare.Am I over-reacting? Should I just deal with it? There are millions of people worse off than me - I know! That doesn't help.If something similar happened to you as a kid and you have what you consider a normal life now, I want to hear your secret. Because my life has been ugly for all involved. I just isolate myself now. I'm just full of hate and disgust.At this point I'm hoping for someone who has found a religion that has helped them. I dabble reading the Bible. It's a hard read and I'm not really getting it, but i would accept recommendations on chapters and verses. Maybe I need a purpose. I feel better when I'm busy working with something that occupies my mind.I didn't get much out of psych medicine. Kind of convinced there are no answers there.TLDR:I'm a late 50's dude who was first sexually abused as a 3-5 year old. It was by 2 kids and at least one adult. It was in a dirt basement or crawlspace. It was and is my worst nightmare. I think about it often. My personal life has turned out to be a trainwreck. Any suggestions?________________________________________________So there it is. I've spent 50 years wondering why the earth doesn't just incinerate. I'll definitely never be a motivational speaker, but I would like to not be this hateful for the rest of my life.*edit: cleaned up language.
Hello all, I am a doctoral student in counseling psychology at the University of Louisville. If you are 18 years of age and have experienced a traumatic event, please consider taking this survey. I am trying to learn how growth after trauma occurs. You will receive no incentives or direct benefits from this study. The survey takes between 15-30 minutes to complete, depending on the number of traumatic events one has experienced. All responses are anonymous. No identifying information will be collected. Participation is entirely voluntary; you may withdraw at any time. This study has been approved by my university’s institution’s review board. I understand that reminders of traumatic experiences may be triggering for individuals. The questions that participants are asked are outlined on the first page of the informed consent. I appreciate your time and consideration. You are welcome to contact me with questions about the study.http://louisville.az1.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_7P8y6lrFqNKTEnb
Having my own child and talking to my sister about our frightening and sad childhood has caused me to recall horrifying memories of my father being sexually and violently abusive. I completely blocked these memories out for years but now I'm wondering if there was some real physical damage done. My dad has squeezed my head between his hands very hard while screaming in my face. He's hit my head with remotes and thrown hard toys at it. On at least one occasion, he stepped on my head and threatened to crush my head. I remember hearing and feeling a disgusting, mushy cracking sensation when my head was being held to the floor by his army boot. I remember my sister thinking he was going to kill me. He hated us and didn't want us around, always telling us to get the fuck away from him or calling us annoying and stupid. He was not an affectionate man, but he did put me in his lap and made me make out with him. He put his tongue in my ear and pushed me down onto him really hard. I remember telling him it hurt. My sister and I would try to tell my mom what was happening and when she confronted him he denied it and we got in trouble. I am currently disowned for telling them that I remember the abuse and that there will be significant boundaries between us from now on. My sister doesn't remember a lot of this so she has taken their side. I'm currently in therapy and I live far away from my parents now, but I'm wondering if the amnesia was caused by something more than emotional trauma. That maybe he caused some actual damage to my brain.He's a self-proclaimed hippie and always claims to love all people and animals, but less than one year ago he put his hands around my sisters neck and held her against the wall during an argument about her dog. She tried to call the police but my mom made her hang up. He's a dangerous person but my mom and my sister don't believe that. I'm so worried about them because they still live in the town where I grew up. Can I get him arrested somehow? What do you guys think about the possible head injuries?
TRIGGER WARNING: sexual assaultright. i'm so unsure of how to begin this, as i've only told two people this IRL so far.basically i think i have been sexually assaulted twice, and both times it has been shrugged off or diminished by the people i have told.this makes me doubt myself and whether or not i can even classify these events as sexual assaults...possible sexual assault number one: i was a 15 or 16 year old virgin, i'd been drinking in town and i ended up walking home in the same direction as a guy I went to school with. I HATED this guy, he bullied everyone and was a giant condescending prick even to teachers. We end up chilling on a boat for a while, I black out for a while and when I wake up the crotch of my tights is soaked with blood. I wasn't on my period, I don't remember much and the only people I have told about this were like 'mmmm yeah well it probably wasn't *actually* rape, if you don't remember it then how do you know?' etc.possible sexual assault number two: i was crashing at my best friends house with her, her older brother and his best friend. we were all drinking, and I went to bed earlier than the rest. I wake up to the brother's best friend with his fingers in my vagina... trying to finger me I guess, which I don't really get because I was asleep. Both of these events have really fucked with my head and I don't know what to classify them as so if anyone has any help or advice or anything I'd be appreciative. Thanks for reading. 
TL;DR: How much privacy are kids legally entitled to? I think I remember once reading that legally kids should have their own room, but that's out of reach to many poor parents. Whatever the legal requirements are, what do you think the actual norm is, and do you think that norm is healthy?----I was reading articles about moving past abuse today and there was mention of a lack of privacy. The idea that kids could get privacy is foreign to me (though I support the idea!) My parents would regularly barge in to the bathroom to make sure I wasn't reading. They wouldn't let me be alone in the bathroom at all until grade 5-6, when I made a comment about how its weird that some guy on the news got arrested for peeping in a womans bathroom. Then they said that they wouldnt stand there while I went, only because they were afraid I'd "spread ugly rumours". But even after that, until I moved out they would barge in every 5-10 minutes to be sure I wasn't reading. I had some severe bowel issues that I had to go to a childrens hospital for, so I would have diarrhea for a half hour every day, and at least once a week it was for an hour. So I get that the amount of time was frustrating, but they knew I had medical issues (and could certainly SMELL the medical issue)Even dressing they would come into the room. No matter the circumstance, as soon as I was out of sight they would check up on me(even though I had to ask permission before leaving their sight), leading to them barging in every time I dressed, was going for a shower, bathroom, anything. One immediate check, and then a check in intervals after- anywhere from 30sec to 5 minutes (or up to 10 if I really stunk up the bathroom)To be fair, I *would* read, any opportunity I got. I was so starved for words that I would memorize cereal boxes and shampoo labels. I was only allowed to read at night, during commercials (you have to watch the same TV show they were for it to be "quality family time") and I would try to hide whatever books I could find in the bathroom for when I was sick (we didn't have any books at home between spot-the-dog type books and adult books I wasn't allowed)There were constant threats to remove my door whenever I was bad, but they never did. It would have been less stressful to deal with her just peering in than smashing the door open and closed all the time, trying to catch me surprised doing *something* awful.
Every day I feel like the small injustices of life are mounting against me and I just take it in silence. Like being verbally abused and physically threatened in the street for no reason by just going about my daily routines, or being bullied in the workplace, or being victimized by others for no reason. And I know these victimizers are those people who society views as being the well-adjusted normal members of society, the loud mouths and the insensitive, the macho, the violent, the snarky, the sarcastic, the cruel and the coldly indifferent. It all elicits a more potent reaction in me because of my past and present abuse. I really wonder if any other survivors of abuse here feel the same way or have the same experiences. I wish there was a place where all good people could join together and form a safe community where we can all be there for each other and keep out the horrible trash that pervades the rest of the world.
I'm not sure if this is the best place to ask this so let me know.Here it goes.. I was abused as a child but not sexually. I have just found out my two daughters were molested by one of their bio dads. Since I cannot empathize with my own father raping me as an elementary schooler, I don't know how my daughter feels and what her life will be like carrying this with her now.  I want her to be strong, confident young lady. She is 10. She is in therapy. we go to trial next month. Any advice in dealing with talking to her about it? I can't sleep much because of this 
Hi all...I have a question, specificly for women. What have you done to develop your self worth, post abuse? For as long as I can remember I've sought out external validation in order to develop my own feelings of attractiveness and desirability to others as a friend, collegue, and romantic partner. This pattern has led to many failed friendships, countless unhealthy codependent relationships, and job terminations due to performance anxiety and the inability to separate my personal life from my professional life. Most recently I am dealing with falling quickly for a neighbor only to have him completely take advantage of me. When this happened I kept thinking to myself I guess there is no one I like that likes me back. To provide a bit of context...I was bullied relentlessly throughout school for my physical appearance and personality type (I am a super intense, aggressive person with ADHD not diagonsed and treated till I was 18), was made to feel ugly and inadaqute by my over achieving father, mother who had an eating disorder, and my sister who I feel has a personality disorder. When I was 20 I was sexually assaulted after being heartbroken by a guy I became obessed with (this happened in the same day), was used for sex by many men throughout college, and recently ended an emotionally abusive relationship by moving 1000 miles away from everything I've known for the past 4 years. In the process of all of this I tried to validate myself through purchasing clothes and makeup to the tune of $18,000 in credit card debt accrued over a year that I can't pay. The one positive to this is that I have finally achieved a professional goal, but had to move 1000 miles away in order to do it and have subsequently gotten myself re-engaged in drama with an asshat within the first 2 months of being here. So...my self worth is in the shitter and I don't know how to stop this distructive pattern of validating my desirability to others through their attention and misguided affection. 
Yes I went to HR. No they did nothing. Corrupt company. Multiple girls have come forward with various men, they don't do anything. Textbook case. For a while, I was in complete denial because I had to remain strong at work, me and my 4 yr boyfriend both got new jobs so he had to move away, I had to start a new job. Surprisingly I actually got a job I like better anyways making more money doing something I like, but still part of the reason I didn't get promoted at my old job is that I needed a good review from the guy touching me.  I was on night shift for 3 months before I went to a day shift, but then was told I had to go back to night shift. So I quit before I went. I was on a night shift working mostly alone and had a guy who was very huggy and touchy feely with lots of girls really take it like 15steps to he next level and he came to my desk multiple times doing really...things I don't want to talk about. Anyways, I was mostly in denial and shock, and I didn't know how to tell him no even though I physically shoved him away every time I did it, and when I went to HR they did nothing. Hard to believe but yup this happened. Anyways since then I'm the textbook post case which I retroactively read about this week. Nightmare terrors, feelings of phobia, scared to leave the house, wanting to move from your house, feeling hopeless, feeling like youre going crazy, feelings anger guilt and shame. My sex life completely halted with my bf and I was incapable of engagin with him, and he thought I didn't love him anymore because of it and I couldn't explain why which made it worse. I felt disgusting and any feelings of intimacy made me want to vomit outside of my bf cuddling me but that was not enough. Worse, I had a lot of reasons to leave my old company so I've told everyone other reasons because I've been in too much fear to even acknowledge this myself. So I can't talk to anybody about it or it will seem spotty and retroactive and probably like a lie, even though when I stumble with my words its because it hurts too much to talk about. I had a breakdown for a week back in February when I finally escape the situation, then blocked it all out again until this week when I'm trying to move on with my life now that my boyfriend is gone along with everything else in my life except for my new job. Since I've come into acknowledgement I've told one friend and have eaten once since Thursday. I just feel disgusting and too nauseous to eat. I get angry when people hit on me and find me attractive. I just want to drink by myself at a bar until I don't remember anymore. Even my bartenders are worried about me. It's fucking sad. I have a therapist but right now I need day to day coping techniques. I am in a good job now but I'm just feeling off the handle. It doesn't help I was binge drinking during most of my time off at my new job, and boyfriend has since left because he says I have anger issues but I never told him why or what happened. I know this is my fault but hes gone now, and I can't have him back. So I lost my bf of 4 years and feel completely alone. I was doing yoga and socially active and starting a better life with my bf all to start with my new job but slowly I've becomes a binge drinking social recluse, angry, guilty, no energy, havn't worked out in a month, all I can do is come home and sleep and I'm exhausted at work. The night my bf broke up with me I went to a suicide ward for the night to keep myself from going out and binge drinking and ending up in alley way somewhere where I might actually get raped. I just couldn't sit at home alone, I was scared. Actually my boyfriend had come in town that weekend to help me secure the house. He didn't know why but I was having panic attacks about being stalked etc. so he promised to come in town and help me secure the house after I spent the night at his friends house. Spending the night in the psych ward was pretty bad so I'm not suicidial because I'll probably end up there and I really don't want to go there again.I'm 25 my life is young and on paper I have a bright future ahead of me but really...what is the point of getting out of bed? I don't know wtf I was thinking, that I could just pretend this never happened in my mind and that it would just go away....now I've lost almost everything that is important to me. 
The night terrors are back. The last few days I’ve been sleeping on a mattress without sheets. I’ve been eating like shit and I’ve gone through an entire week’s worth of groceries in a few hours. I’ve been pulling out my hair again. I’ve been picking my skin with tweezers and needles until I’m bleeding and embarrassed for anyone to see me. I’m thankful my two cats aren’t dogs because there is no way I could walk them.I have been doing so well. I have lost weight and radically changed my life since I was last in the hospital over a year ago. I’ve cultivated hobbies and met so many new people. I’ve gone on dates and actually started liking myself. I have been easy on myself and have taken care to cut things out of my life that make me unhappy. I keep my dishes washed and my underwear folded. Things were so much better. People noticed.I have been doing a lot of weekly DBT and also one on one talk therapy. I’ve processed a lot of trauma. The religious sect that I was raised in and the ex-gay therapy I was subjected to have been difficult to work on. The sexual abuse from family members and physical, mental, emotional, verbal abuse that I have suffered at the hands of my parents, particularly my father, have been the most difficult to process.I compartmentalize my life. I stay in the closet for fear of literally killing my father with the news. My mother has convinced me that his heart won’t be able to take it. The ex-gay therapy obviously didn’t work. I keep my life private because if I am selfish and live my life authentically, my family will be forbidden to break bread with me until I repent and go forward and confess in front of the entire church. Do they know that their damage has killed god for me?I stayed up for over 40 hours and hadn’t eaten in almost as long. I made the 20 minute drive to my parents’ house on Saturday because my sisters were in town. I had already made an excuse to get out of church and Father’s Day on Sunday, something about covering a shift.My car has been breaking down for months. It broke down at my parents’. The hours without sleep and the stress of money and being at my parents’ finally hit me all at once. My father’s way of offering help is to demand that I leave my car there and take his truck and he will get my car fixed. His spit flies in my face and his anger and raised voice always trigger something in me. It doesn’t matter that it is a kind, loving gesture. Does the kindness and generosity get cancelled out by the anger and rage? I think it does.I have taught myself everything I know because I have always been too afraid to ask my dad. I can change tires, fix electrical stuff, build things, hook up my propane tank, light the pilot light when it goes out on my water heater, replace my car battery, etc. The list goes on and on with all the things that girls my age ask their dad’s to help them with. I refuse to call my dad at 2am on the side of the road for help because even though I know he will help me in a heartbeat, I can’t face the screams, the names, and the rage that he displays. I know he is angry and annoyed at the situation. Who doesn’t get mad when their tire goes flat or their radiator blows? But the anger gets pushed onto me or whichever one of my sisters calls him for help.He blocked my car in on purpose. I was being too stubborn to accept the help that he was trying to give. Tears streaming down my face and begging my parents to just leave me alone for a few minutes so I could calm down, went ignored. He screamed at me, calling me “fucking hard-headed” and got madder and madder. I told him that’s why I never come home. I told my mom I resent her for allowing her children to be punched in the head, to receive bloody lips, to be choked, to be held down. She said I was exaggerating and just tired. I told her that half the time it’s why I wished that I were dead. I said I hated coming home. I hated feeling bad and I just wanted to be left alone. I said they’d pushed me away and that I couldn’t take it anymore.My dad got my car running. I thanked him without looking him in the eyes and went home. I dissociated the entire drive home and then went to bed. I woke Sunday morning, Father’s Day, with 12 missed calls and texts from my sisters saying that my dad had been taken to the hospital for emergency surgery. I stayed in bed yesterday. I turned off my phone. I texted my mom a few times and asked if there was anything that I could do. She said that there wasn’t anything.I just called my dad and asked how he was doing. We spoke for about 20 seconds. He said I could come visit him after work. I know I should, and I will, but I am afraid and ashamed of myself. This is the wrong time to try and be honest with our relationship and have an open discussion, so I guess it’s best to just pretend that we are okay. I am being eaten alive with the toxicity of my family, but I don’t know what to do. It scares me to think about even hugging my parents, much less being honest about who I am and what I need. The guilt is eating me up, and I am ashamed of myself for acting like a brat. I am torn with thinking I was overreacting and being selfish and being justified in my pain and anger. I feel like a terrible person. I am afraid of my father dying and never being honest with him. The weight of repairing this relationship is causing me to sink. I know it’s not all of my responsibility, but I am the one with the problem with how we behave.I don’t know what the point of writing this is. I just needed to get it out. I don’t see my therapist until Thursday, and there is too much for our 45 minute session.
My sister has emotionally abused me since we were kids. I hate living with her. She's constantly getting into fights with our parents about trivial things, and whenever someone disagrees with her or they don't let her have whatever it is she wants, she threatens to commit suicide. It's so hard to live with her in this house, having to watch what I say or tell her about, because I risk her getting mad at me and reliving all the shit she's put me through, the ways she's taken parts of my life from me. I don't know how much longer we can live like this.
I don't know what's happening.In the last 10 minutes, my sister has admitted her dad has been touching her. She's crying. My parents are screaming.I don't know what to do. I'm shaking. I'm pacing about. Please, someone help. 
I'm a 23 year old male. I watched my mother get abused by the father of my little brother. My first relationship was with an abuser who had BPD. I'm now watching a close friend trying to separate herself from her abuser (which is difficult because they have a child, whom he uses as a bargaining chip), and all I can think about is just how much happier the world would be if just one of these people were gone.Is this common? Are there steps I can take to stop my homicidal ideations towards people with severely abusive personalities? I've been trying vipassana, zen, and even some occult meditation techniques, but I've been lacking commitment and I really am starting to worry about how blurry the line is getting between thinking and planning.I just can't stand it. These people damage the lives of everybody they encounter, and so often do they get to just go on living and hurting without consequence.
I don't even really know how to begin writing this, and I apologize in advance if this is all over the place, I haven't really been coherent mentally for a while.I am depressed, this is the short story, the easy one. The one that makes people look at me with mingled pity and disgust. I have wanted to kill myself for the better part of five years, and the only reason I haven't is my little brother. I think about it every day, and I can't seem to stop myself. Even on my best days, I have intrusive thoughts. How easy it would be to jump out in front of that car speeding down my street, or to swerve into oncoming traffic. How simple it would be to ask to borrow my stepdad's gun and take it out into a field in rural America where I live. Maybe I could swallow enough pills to make it not matter anymore. If it weren't for my brother, I would be dead already, or hospitalized for trying. He is autistic - Kanner's syndrome, and it's believed that I have asperger's syndrome, though my mother feared to get me formally diagnosed because of how the stigma might affect my everyday life. I regret that almost more than anything. When I was 16 (I'm 25 now) I signed documentation with my mom to take over custody of my brother in the event that she can no longer take care of him. Without me, he has no one. Every day is a struggle just to live. I can't make myself get out of bed until one or two in the afternoon some days, though there are others that I wake up as early as six or seven in the morning, typically at a large loss of sleep. I have a job, that I barely work at (I'm a bartender/bouncer and get two-three shifts a week) because I'm not a "friend" of the manager. That sounds really defeatist, probably, but I have watched him hire new employees and give them double or triple the amount of shifts I get in a week, even when I've expressly asked for more. I currently am barely making enough money between my paychecks and my tips to cover my bills. Sort of. I am buried in debt, and it only seems to be climbing. Between multiple failed attempts at school (I really want to go back, but I'm not sure I can anymore...) a car I defaulted on, credit cards in my name that weren't ever paid, and old medical bills, I'm somewhere between $20,000 and $25,000 in debt. I see around $22,773 on my credit report, but I don't know if there's more out there or not. I don't know how I'm ever going to pay this, when I can't even afford to put enough money aside right now to afford a $1,500 bankruptcy to get my credit back to a starting position (despite the bankruptcy black mark.)I have tried finding another job, and it seems like I get blown off a lot, even when I check back with the companies regularly. I held a job from January of this year until March, and left to pursue other job opportunities after they failed to pay me on time twice and I dealt with a significant amount of harassment that I never documented. Since that time, I've applied to multiple jobs (both jobs I would enjoy and ones I wouldn't like so much) and have had a few interviews, but I can't seem to get beyond that. I've held my current job for going on two years now, and I have decent past experience, including four-plus years of retail management. I have a wonderful girlfriend, who I love very much, but she is going through a very similar experience right now (minus the debt and desire to kill herself daily) and I haven't even revealed the extent of my own issues with her, because I am afraid that if I did, she would be more upset than now, when I don't. The few times I have tried to talk about these things with her, she tears up immediately and starts to cry. I don't know how to handle that.Some of my issue stems from a lack of confidence, and a fear of failure, at everything. I am very passionate about writing, and have written a novel and a children's book, and about fifty handwritten pages of the sequel to that novel, but I haven't ever tried to edit the novel. I sent it off to agencies when I wrote it (at 16) and got a great response, but after some further research on the company, I believe they were a scam. I gave up. I've also given up on my children's book, though it would be significantly easier (in my mind) to edit and pursue... But I can't handle rejection anymore. My entire life I've been rejected. I'm a tall, lanky nerd with red hair and freckles, pasty skin and while I'm not overweight, I'm also not very athletic (despite my thin frame). I would consider myself "skinny-fat," and since I was in middle school, I've been told I'm not good enough.  I guess really, it started earlier than that, with family, and I will get into that, but my self-confidence issues started in school, I think. I was bullied my entire elementary career, even stalked home and regularly beaten up by a group of kids who would wait for me on the way. In middle school, we moved (shortly after 9/11) and I got to try my hand at an entirely new school. Unfortunately, due to being placed in the 'gifted' program at a K-12 school of about 200 kids meant I was excluded even more. I wasn't smart enough to just deal with that as a kid, and started to skip going to the program, which gave me more issues later on when applying to colleges. Girls I tried to be friendly with spurned me regularly then, lied ot my face about having other relationships, or laughed openly at me and passed around the class (with me sitting right there) that I had tried to ask them out, or to dance, etc... I was a laughingstock, and that didn't stop in high school. I continued throughout high school with the same peers (I graduated in a class of 16) and I had one friend that lived in the same town. Everyone else was beyond my reach, I guess. Another quick out-of-left-field note is that when I was younger, after everything to do with my father, I did undergo psychological counseling for some time. At that time, it was determined that I was psychologically at risk, but due to my refusal to really talk to my counsellors at the time, there was not any treatment. To this day, I remain horribly afraid of talking to counsellors. I don't know what they're going to do, or say, and it's really difficult for me to talk about my problems with people I know and love, let alone people I've never met. This is... different somehow. I'm sorry.Being out of school hasn't been much different, in this regard. Despite some successes, my love life has been a complete failure. As I said earlier, I love my current girlfriend, but we got together about a year after I broke up with my fiancée when I walked in to catch her cheating on me. That deserves a story in and of itself, I suppose. We were on-again, off-again for about four years, and throughout most of it we were pretty happy. Her family hated me, and I guess my family wasn't her biggest fan, but my family was supportive. Her mother threatened to kill me a few times, mostly jokingly, but in that, 'I'm only sort of joking,' way that some families have, I guess. When I lost my management job in 2012 (I think?) I moved to St. Louis to live with a friend of mine from childhood, and I thought things were going to be figured out. I couldn't find a job anywhere, and lived on his couch for a while. Eventually, I found a job as a gym assistant manager, which required long hours and lying to customers (which lead to me quitting.) During that time I was lonely, the girl, we'll call her E, had moved from where we did live in Kansas, to Columbia, MO for college, about an hour or two from STL. We started messaging one another again, and eventually started visiting each other. That lead to a renewal of our relationship, and in May of the next year (2013) I moved back to Kansas with her. Late that month, I proposed to her and she said yes. Very happy. I gave her a ring that belonged to my grandmother, and I thought this was going to solve everything. That was when everything went sour. She stopped responding to me as much as she once did, and some days didn't talk to me at all. When I tried to explain that I was frustrated and hurt by her refusal to talk to me, she blew me off. Said I was acting like a 'little bitch,' and ignored me. We lived about an hour away from one another, and I saw her more when we were two hours away than I did at this point. She wouldn't ever visit me, despite that she (and her family) had money and she could stay at my house, while the reverse was not true. I was only allowed to be at her home for a couple of hours at most, because of her mother's opinion of me. Eventually, in June, I decided I would surprise her with a visit, and hopefully change things for the better. So I bought some pretty flowers I knew she liked, and drove up. I was always told to just come in the back instead of knocking, and so that's what I did. It was kind of weird, everything was quiet except for a rhythmic bass-y sound, so I thought this was an excellent opportunity to freak her out and surprise her, especially since her mom was gone. When I got into her bedroom, I couldn't have been more surprised. I don't think I ever expected to think of her fucking someone else, let alone see it in person. I didn't freak out then, or even get angry. I felt kind of numb, blindsided. Like I was in shock. I asked E for the rings I had given her back (the engagement ring, and my dead grandfather's ring that I let her wear on a necklace) as well as any of my other belongings that remained. She was crying, and the guy left, but I couldn't take her back. I wanted to, but I also knew that it wasn't... right. I felt like a prisoner, in a way. I don't really know what else to say about this, just thinking about it is hard, even though I've moved on and things are changed.I said this was going to be all over the place, and I guess I had better stick to my word. I mentioned earlier that my family was probably a big part of my depression, and I still think that. My mother suffers from clinical depression (and I do as well, I suppose. I saw a doctor for this, and was started on antidepressants. They made me feel extremely sick, constantly forcing me to yawn and every time I yawned I got VERY sick to my stomach. Like the flip your stomach does at the top of a roller coaster, but worse. I was yawning every twenty seconds or so.) and we fought significantly in my teenage years, but a lot of this goes back further than that.  I don't remember very much of my childhood, save that it was bad. I have these vague, recollective memories that seem more like sordid dreams with foggy undertones than anything concrete... but it's all I have. My father wasn't around very much, and I guess that wasn't a bad thing, though as an adult now I wish I had someone to teach me all the things about being a... man, I guess. I say it wasn't a bad thing because from what I've been told of his past before I was born, the vague things I remember, and the things I have been told/read in the police reports, it would've been a lot worse if he was around. I guess this next bit is about my father.I'm sorry if some of my memories from this time don't make sense. I think I've blocked a lot of it out, and it's hard to think about. Hard to put a timeline to events, or know what really happened. Some of the things I 'remember,' I've brought up to my mom, and she's confirmed/denied it. I'll stick to the things I remember and the things I know. When my mom was pregnant with me (I was the first of two children) my father was in the US Army, and at some point during that pregnancy (I imagine halfway through?) he threw her out of a moving military jeep, hours from town, and told her to "sort your shit out," before driving off. He was dishonorably discharged for a number of things, including psychotic tendencies. I don't know much about him from that time, but that story in and of itself sticks out to me. He wound up driving trucks, after that, leaving for weeks at a time to live on the road and (theoretically) make money for us to live on. I worshipped this man as a child. I wore cowboy boots without spurs that I would walk around making the noise of spurs to, because my father wore spurs. I had a perpetual red Kool-Aid moustache, because my father had one. As cars and trucks pulled into the lot of the housing we lived at (my mom was a property manager of the complex) I would run to the windows yelling for 'Daddy!' But it wasn't ever him. We had nothing when I was young. My mother and I lived off of a diet of ketchup and bread for a long time, because the money that he made was spent on expensive dinners on the road, and probably a woman or two. When I was around five or six, I recall numerous fights between my father and my mother, ranging from minor arguments to full-on beatings. At around age seven, I watched my dad hold my mom dad while his father raped her. He tried to commit suicide one night while we were all home, cutting his right wrist open with a butcher's knife. When the police arrived, he tried to have my mom arrested, telling them that she did it (which they believed, at first, because how could a supposedly right-handed man cut his own right wrist?) The problem being that he was left-handed. He left dents in our walls, in our refrigerator, when he got too pissed off to hit mom. I remember sitting on the couch, laying my head in his mother's (my grandmother's) lap and looking down the hallway as they stormed down it, yelling, knocking pictures off the wall. The last thing I saw that night before the door closed was my father punching my mom in the face. He touched me, more than once, but the time I remember the most we were in the housing complex, up in his 'office,' where he had his own bed (I guess now that seems to make a lot more sense than it did then). We were going to take a nap, but he kept playing with my penis, just kind of rubbing it and stroking it, and pulling my hand to his own. I didn't really know what was going on, but it wasn't the first time I'd been touched inappropriately by someone from my family, and it wouldn't be the last.  I only have one truly happy memory of my father, and that was when he took me on a road trip with him, one year, while he was driving up to ... South Dakota? maybe? It was the very first time I stayed up all night, and I was so proud of myself. I got to see the sunrise over the open road, and we played games the whole way. It was... memorable. Warm. I wish everything could've been that way. He was an angry man, always ready to fight. There was more than one time that visitations were cut short because he had gotten into an altercation. I recall a fourth of July when he picked a fistfight with four different men, and actually fought two of them. When I was 11 or 12, he and mom were divorced for a few years. They'd both moved on, gotten different partners. My little brother is four years younger than I, so he was 7 or 8, and we were forced to visit him. My mom, despite everything this man had done to her, really wanted us to have our father in our lives, and did everything to make that happen, including waiving some $20,000 in backed up child support he hadn't paid. This visitation was awful. He had been arguing with the kids of his new wife all day, Jason and Sarah. They were... 19 and 16, I think, respectively, and I remember about an hour after I'd asked him if I could watch "Beavis & Butthead," and being told no, hearing screams. Sarah ran up to me, from outside, and asked me if I could help her with something. My step-siblings were 'cool,' so I didn't mind helping her. She wanted me to unscrew the shaft, for lack of a better word, of a push-broom for her. So I did it, real quick to prove how good I could be, and she thanked me before running outside with it. When I looked outside, my father was advancing on Jason with a metal pole, and he was yelling that he was going to kill him. Sarah ran out to defend her brother, and the next thing I remember was running away. I was scared. What if I just helped them kill my dad? They packed the two stepsiblings in a car, once the fight was over, and drove them five or six miles away and just... dropped them off in the country. No shoes, no additional clothing, nothing. I remember his new wife screaming at him about my brother and I. She was screaming to "get those fucking kids out of here, and I don't want to see them again!" ...My father drove us to a gas station nearby, and called my mom to come get us before driving off. We had to wait there for three hours. I didn't see him again for five years. There are some things that happened at this time that I will get into in a little bit, but I want to finish the story of my father first. When I was 16, I had been left in the home over the weekened on my own. This was huge, and I was the big man of the house. I actually, and this is kind of embarrassing, but my mother had made me two cheesecakes for watching the house while they went to Missouri (some six or seven hours away.) I remember getting one out, very excited, on the first day of being left alone and as soon as I pulled it out of the fridge, I DROPPED it. Heh, I started bawling and called my mom. I was so upset. I'm sure she found it really funny. But the weird thing is... as I said earlier, both my mom and dad had moved on, and my new stepfather, well, he was close, despite things that I'll get into soon. He was the only real masculine figure in our lives, and we called him dad. Our real dad hadn't been around for five years. Not even a phone call, there was no reason for us to consider anyone but this man our father. Well, they left Friday night, and on Saturday afternoon, I woke up after a long night gaming. I was kind of in a fog, but when I went out to the front porch, there was a package from UPS (I was expecting to get this for my mom) but the weird thing was the note that was left on top of the package. It said something like (and I'm paraphrasing here), "Stopped by to see you, but it didn't seem like anyone was home. Call me when you get this. -Dad." with no phone number. The thing is, I thought it was from my stepdad, so I ignored it. Why would he have left a note for me to call him? It must have been old and I just missed it before. Not a big deal. I couldn't have been more wrong. I went about my Saturday with no problems, and was expecting my family back on Sunday. About an hour or two before they were supposed to get back, the phone rang, and when I picked it up... it was him. My real dad. Well, my biological one, anyway. It was so shocking, to hear his voice on the phone. I didn't know what to do... but some part of me missed him. I hate myself for that. I talked to him for two hours, and was still on the phone with him when my mom got back. He wanted another opportunity to be in our lives, and wanted to know if it would be OK for him to drive his big rig out to our house again. I was confused about that, what did he mean again? He told me that 1. it was him who left the note. 2. while he was at the house that day he apparently wandered around, peeking into windows and things, and 3. since he couldn't get 'hold of me then, he went into town and asked people on the streets about me, and 4. eventually went into another nearby town where my grandmother on my mom's side lives and asked for our phone number, which she gave him. I am a forgiving person. Maybe too forgiving, and after talking it over with my mom, I decided to let him come visit, so I could hear him out. I don't remember a whole lot about the visit that he made, except for a few things. One thing I remember very well was the reason he returned. He told me he came back to be a part of our lives because we were getting close to eighteen, and he was afraid that if we were still resentful of him, we would hunt him down when we turned eighteen and 'beat his ass.' The other thing I distinctly remember were the rules we set up, for how this rebuild of our relationship was going to go. As I said, he did nothing but drive big rig. He lived out of his semi, and had nothing else going on, so it was determined that every Wednesday night, around 9pm, he would call and talk to us. At first, this was wonderful, if a little bland. It's not like we had a whole hell of a lot to talk about, and I did still harbour quite a bit of resentment, but I wanted him in our lives, so when he called, he would tell me what was going on with his route, and I would just sort of stammer "yep, yeah" before answering whatever questions he had about my life, school, etc. I didn't do much, outside of sticking to the basement playing games and avoiding everyone in school because, let's face it, who wants to be laughed at all the time? so my own side of the conversation can't have been very... entertaining. I do remember asking him every time if he wanted to talk to my little brother, and he always said no. (When my brother was diagnosed as autistic and borderline mentally-retarded, our father refused to believe it. He told my mom in no uncertain terms, on the steps of the courthouse, that NO son of his was retarded, and he would rather die than have a retarded son.) But eventually, the man stopped being so reliable. It srated being every other Wednesday, or every third. Once a month. Once every couple months. In December, he called me and our call got cut off because he went through a mountain pass or something. He called me back, and without even saying hi, the first thing he said was, "Do you have a problem with me?" I was sitting upstairs with the phone, in my mom and stepdad's office, where they sat at their computers. And I told him that yes, yes I did. For the next forty-five minutes or so I unloaded all my rage, fear, and frustration with him. Some sixteen years' worth of anger poured out of me, while my parents stared at me in shock and disbelief. This man, who claimed to love me, asked how I could possibly have feared him as a child, and if I did, why I never showed it. I had to tell him that I used to shit myself intentionally in school, so that my mom would come pick me up and I wouldn't have to be picked up by him after school, among other things.  When I was done, I asked him if he wanted to talk to my brother, and then I went into my brother's room and asked him if he ever wanted to talk to our dad again. When my brother said no, I told our father, "You didn't follow through on our agreement." He tried to say it was because of our line being busy with the internet, but we had DSL at the time, and the phone line was ALWAYS open at the time he was supposed to call. I told him I was done with him, and I never wanted to see or hear from him again, and neither did my brother. When I graduated high school, he sent me a card with $5, congratulating me on my 'achievement,' and started sending me messages on facebook to get in contact with me. I'll include some of them here, without names. "I guess congratulations are in order to you for graduating Hgh School.  It would have been nice to get an invitation and a thank you card.  I wish you well in all you do son and have done what I thought was best for all of us, even if you don't agree.  I have always and willcontinue to love you and your brother.  Drop me a line anytime you want, I am here for you as much as you will let me." I replied and said, "Don't contact me again. Ever." Two years later, he replied with this, "Just to let you know, I wish you success in every aspect of your life. I will always love you, son, as you are my son.  Life sends us down many paths and we make choices, some harder than others and sometimes we make less smart ones.  Unfortunately we have to live with our choice andhopefully learn from it and move forward.  I would like to know that you are ok and  to tell you that you are important." I talked to my mom about this, because he started adding friends of mine on facebook to try and see my life from friends, and friends of friends, and then responded with this, "I have asked you time and time again to stay out of my life. I GAVE you your second chance, S. You ruined it. For yourself. If you continue to harass me (including seeking out my friends and adding them to Facebook so that you can view my information) I will pursue legal action.  This is ridiculous. I want nothing to do with you. You're a shitty person. You fucked up your life, and now you're trying to fuck up mine, and frankly, I'd rather forget you existed. Good-bye." I haven't heard from him since then. I don't know if I can write anymore about him right now, or if there's anymore to write. I'm still angry every day about him, and I mostly try not to think about him.Earlier, I said there were some things around when I was 11 that I would get back to, but before I do, there are some things from earlier. My father's mom touched me frequently when I was around her. She was an older woman (maybe in her sixties? does anyone have a good grasp on grandparents' ages when they're that young?) and would always ask my little brother and I to help her bathe, which involved stripping down and getting into the bathtub with her, where we would be forced to scrub her body with a loofah. Everywhere, including her breasts, between her legs, and her butt. The only reason this sticks out to me so prominently is that I recall speaking with someone (while my mom and biological father were present) who may have been some kind of investigator. They asked me to show them on a doll where I'd been touched, or where she'd asked us to touch her. I don't know if anything came of it, except that we were no longer allowed to go and visit her whatsoever. Thankfully. I was not so lucky in other areas. From the time I was ...I don't know, seven? until around the time I was eleven, any time I was left alone with my cousin (a few years older than I was, also molested by my father) she would take liberties with me. One time she had me feel her up through the butt-flap (kind of funny, I guess, in hindsight, while being horribly despicable) of her pajamas while our parents were in the other room playing some kind of game. Other times she would blackmail me, for lack of a better word, promising to let me watch my favourite TV shows or movies if I would touch her, or kiss her. The most memorable, for me, was one day she turned the channel to Batman Returns (Michael Keaton) and wanted to play Catwoman/Batman, which basically meant recreating the scene where Michelle Pfeiffer makes out with Batman. Her mom walked in on that... and nothing happened. But even that is fuzzier than what happened with my step-dad.I don't know if my mother just had trouble picking men, or if problem-people were drawn to her, but I loved my stepdad. I guess some part of me still does, which some people can't really believe. I don't know why I love him, but like I said earlier, he was the de facto 'man of the house' while I was growing up. When I was in fifth grade, after suffering through a year of school-phobia, where I started inventing illnesses to avoid getting my ass beat on the walk hom, I was informed that in fifth grade, I would be home schooled. I was excited, when we laid out the plans it was the best possible schooling situation imaginable. I got to pick a 'course' of study every week and we would focus on that (while still doing the regular things like math, english, etc...) but we got off for all the big holidays, as well as when schools around us were out, and on mom's vacation days. Every afternoon we went to a local hotel pool and swam for 'recess' and I got to learn about all the cool stuff I wanted. Space, dinosaurs, you name it! This was awesome, as I said, and I had a real thirst for knowledge then. Things kind of... changed, one day, though. My brother was outside, playing, because it was a gorgeous day, and our step-dad told me to come back to his office. He wanted to show me something. This was the first time, of many, that he would photograph me nude. Except it wasn't really photographs, because what he would do is set up his scanner on the floor, and have me press my body parts against it. There were other times he had a camera involved, though. It wasn't against the grain for him to just take pictures of us throughout the household, doing random things. It was kind of nice to have so many memories on film. He told me that anything I was uncomfortable with I didn't have to do, and there were a few times I did this. One such time he wanted me, without pants, to sit on his lap, without pants, and we would do a kind of "before-and-after" shot. He settled for having our penises almost touching, facing one another. It almost sounds light-hearted, writing about it now, but it was much more sinister than that. He told me that if I didn't do it, or if I tried to make a big deal out of it, that he would just go and get my disabled brother, and HE wouldn't even know the difference, so I had better just deal with it. I'm shaking right now just thinking about it, because he was right. My brother couldn't process that. He would've been happy our stepdad was showing him attention, was being his friend, instead of hollering at him. I had a problem with the truth, at this time (probably acting out because of my father?) and my stepdad told me that, besides, even if I did go to my mom, who was she more likely to believe? Her lying, untrustworthy son or her husband? I didn't know what to do, and I don't know how many afternoons were spent with him taking pictures and/or scans of my body in various positions. I kept this to myself until just a few years ago, when I finally told my mom. The thing is, I don't hate him. I feel like everything is just scarred over, and I still visit my stepdad. I still tell him I love him. I still appreciate him as a person, but I feel like that's one hundred percent wrong. I feel like I'm just rambling, but I've been floating as an adult. I got a DUI shortly after I was 21, because I'm an idiot, and will never make that mistake again. But it doesn't matter, because I'm fucked. I tried to join the military recently, thinking that maybe the idea of a steady paycheck, combined with excellent benefits and the opportunity to learn a trade would turn things around for me, mentally, but I'm not even fit for that, because I haven't been able to pay on any of my debts. They told me that until they're taken care of, I can't. I'm not even sure I'd be allowed to join anyway, due to a shoulder that's giving out on me more and more every day (I suffer some kind of extreme pain in my left shoulder, which is heavily exacerbated by sleeping on my left side, which seems to just happen naturally as I sleep.) and my severe depression. I assume they don't give weapons out to people who think about killing themselves daily.I don't know how many more points I can make in this, and there are a lot more. I wish this was more organized, that I could put everything together like a puzzle, but it's just... not there.I have a hard time in public. I have to work myself up to leave my house, because if I don't I wind up having panic/anxiety attacks. At work, whether I'm bouncing or bartending, I'm freaking out constantly. I'm almost always sweating profusely, and there is... SO MUCH going on. I guess most people kind of drown out excess noise like groups of people talking, or maybe they hear it as a low thrum of general conversation... but I hear almost everything. I can pick out distinct conversations and even distinct voices. The problem is that there are SO MANY of them that it becomes a cacophony of horror. I can't focus on myself, or my own thoughts, when everyone else is talking, and none of them are even talking to me. I have to constantly know what the plans are for each day, so I can prepare myself for those things to happen, and when they change unexpectedly, I sometimes can't do much more than hide myself under a blanket in my room and try not to cry. Sometimes the littlest things make me cry, now, and I don't know how to stop it. The idea of my mom dying, even though that's forty-some years away. Or the thought of my brother never having a real girlfriend. The thought that I want to die every day is maddening to me, and even that makes me cry. The idea of everyone's sadness when/if I was gone. It seems like more makes me cry than the opposite, now. I feel trapped.I can't leave this world, I can't kill myself, because there will be no one to take care of my brother. I have nothing, I'm going nowhere. I don't think I can get past this, and it gets worse every day. I hate going to sleep, because I'm afraid of having to face tomorrow, and I hate waking up because I can't stand the thought of facing today.  I'm constantly angry and sad and frustrated and suicidal, and I simultaneously want everything to end and to actually start all the time.  I can't keep my thoughts focused, even when I'm trying to just talk to someone, and the only people I feel like I can even talk to about ANY of this are my girlfriend and my mom. I have two or three friends who have been my friends for years (two have been friends since childhood, and one since high school) but... that's it. I don't hang out with people. I feel like everyone at my work excludes me (they will often go out together, or drink with one another, poker nights, etc. but I've never gotten an invite, and as I said before, my manager usually gives more shifts to his friends than people who have been there longer.) My money situation is growing rapidly worse as my depression declines, and I'm afraid of ending up homeless. I know my mom wouldn't let that happen to me, but I don't know that I would let her help me. I don't deserve it. I know that I need the help, though, and I desperately want the help to get myself out of the financial mess that I've gotten myself in, to find a way to learn a trade and find a job that I can enjoy, that makes enough money for me to live on, and doesn't make me hate every second of my waking life. I have trouble sleeping because all I can think about when I lie down at night is everything that has happened to me, and what I might have done differently to escape these situations. I can't stop myself from thinking about it, and all of the thoughts are tinged with colours of self-doubt, worthlessness, and an overwhelming urge to end my life because how can I be worth anything to someone else if I can't even find my own self-worth? I don't know what to do anymore.I feel like I'm drowning, and I can't get my head above water. Please help me.
So, this is a bit of a weird situation and I'm stuck...I grew up in an abusive household, I'm painfully aware that I don't innately know how to handle situations without resorting to abusive behaviour. I do everything to educate myself and practice healthy ways of dealing with all sorts of relationships. I'm very afraid I might end up being an abusive monster myself. My mum was abused as well and when I talk to her now it is obvious she doesn't remember what she did to me and if she did she wouldn't be able to cope.I(25) have a half-sis(30) and she has two half-bros (13,16) so I'm technically not related to the boys, but we're in contact and I'm kinda in the position of being the middle sis. I love both of them very much and want them to have a happy upbringing. Of course it's out of my control, but I try to be there for them as much as possible.We have a group on skype for the four of us. my sis isn't self-aware and she pretty much doesn't give a hoot about anything that doesn't affect her directly. She frequently posts links to texts that talk about sexual things (article about feminism and penis envy, article about how men who stare at women's breasts live longer, etc...). I kinda feel like it's too much. My viewpoint is that we should be open and be there for the boys if they want to talk about anything related to sex and relationships, but not kinda 'force' it on them. She's not exactly forcing it (they don't have to click the link), but I just feel like she's kinda pushing it. I know this 'I'm so totally super ok talking about sex'- attitude and I kinda think it's part of working through the abuse that we both experienced. I was like that as well, would talk to anyone and everyone about polyamory, bdsm and stuff like that, including my parents, but never with anyone younger than me. But those boys shouldn't really be a part of her dealing with her own problems and attitudes. They should kinda do it at their own pace. So that's why I mentioned it. She just replied 'but it's funny'. I said again that even though, I still don't think it's right. She's been avoiding me since and posted another link about sex. I kinda feel like she's testing me to see my reaction. I really don't know how to handle this. I don't want to make too big of a fuss because I don't want the boys to feel like they can't talk to me about sex. At the same time I don't want them to learn that they just have to deal with it if someone throws sexual content at them when they're (maybe) not ready... I really don't know how to handle this. I spoke to a counsellor and she said I should send my sis an email, but I think that would just escalate things....
*EDIT Question: Does anyone else out there have family sexually abuse them and/or commit suicide? I'm wondering, are you still angry? Is it wrong to be happy?*I don't feel up to going into details but maybe I should, I can't stop thinking about some past events. Someone once told me I should talk to someone anonymously, I guess I'll try this. I've never used Reddit, so I'd like to apologize beforehand for any future mistakes I might make in the process of posting this; from what I understand it's a "forum", with lots of groups and categories.You know how people talk about crappy songs being stuck in their head? And sometimes they unconsciously sing them. Well that's what it's been like for me recently, only not with songs. More so with memories, only just as crappy and aggravating. I constantly try to categorize them, this was then and that was there, but more keep coming up, and I'll forget the ones that I've sorted and they'll pop up again somewhere else. Maybe that doesn't make sense. Well it's like someone keeps pressing the shuffle option ever few minutes on an iPod when your trying to alphabetically listen to the songs. Do you go by the first or last name, or the singer, or whatever group the song is in? And does that one go before that one or after that one? Whoops, *shuffle*.............Crap, have I listened to that one yet? And so on, and so on. Songs can be loud, some louder than others, and some go up and down a lot and aren't easy to understand, all garbled and screaming pitches, but damn! The emotion! You feel them even when you don't fully understand them. Listening to one makes you forget the others, the rythum and such. Try singing a Rock and Roll during a western, I dare you.And for gods sake why the heck should they be organized?! Well, let's say you NEEDED to listen to 5,000 songs or you'll crazily dance down the street, randomly blurting out lines and contorting into twitchy dance moves, unaware of the world around you, only the characters in the song. That's how you'll forever be when listening to music; bursting into a St. Vitus dance spasm. If you're even slightly unsure wether or not you've listen to a song in the correct order, your screwed. How do you know you've listened to one? Unless your rainman, good friggging luck.Well this has a point, or a meaning, or an whatever, I swear. That's what it feels like for me with PTSD. Sort of, in a odd way. I can't seem to listen to new songs without those 5,000 or old songs blurting out some supersonic, supernatural, stereo. Translation; I can't seem to form new memories without old ones constantly replaying and butting into my life. I become a puppet on stage, forced to react and respond to an unseen looming force; emotion or instinct or whatever you want to call it. Coupled with forgetting what's new or old or going on RIGHT now and boom! **F you life! You suck.**Yeah I've been suicidal, am I still? I think I'm too lazy to try again. I don't know anymore what's what or who's who. I'm livid at the state of things, at those that didn't protect me till too late, leaving me to work everything out. And honestly I'm angry for all the others out there living with similar *shit, right f'ing now.* If had the power make it go away, I'd chose to disappear all the ones being hurt. Why? Live through shit for years and come back and say you'll happily go another couple decades living in this world. Sorry I don't know how to sum this all up, how do I put into a couple sentences everything that happened, without leaving stuff out, or being vague. Okay, I'm going to make a really stupid, cliche thing. Bullet points! Yeah! Wahoo! You can stop reading this now if you want to, if you've even read this far. Here's a warning. This isn't going to be pretty, or neat or make much sense, but that's all I have the energy for right now. I guess I also want the ugly, disconnected, immature writing. I ordinarily write in objectively detached sequences, limiting excessive detail unless its imperative to structural development. So, forgive me for the crappy writing.*I'll make it chronological I guess.***(1-6? years old)** 1. One, if you feel sorry for me now, don't, compared to some I had it easy. When I was young, I had the best life in the world, I had everything, my mom was incredible, she had her moments, but she put everything into making me happy. She was well-off financially, and that meant anything in the world I wanted, I could have; which apparently meant for me, books, food, and stuffed animals. I LOVED books, this I think led me to become the quietest kid imaginable. My mother would bring me into meetings and I'd sit for hours, under the table, reading. She's said that I'd simultaneously listen in and give my "critiques" afterwards. I was extremely polite to adults, engaging in conversation and answering questions. My mom took me everywhere with her, to work trips in Hawaii (I should mention I lived in southern Califronia, yeah, wicked awesome), to the beach, to Sea World, to work parties. I was always the center, even when other kids were there, people would remark on how smart and cute and polite I was compared to others. This was around adults mind you. I didn't really like kids my age, their screaming and yelling was too much like home. Yeah, my parents were always fighting, it was physical sometimes I think but I usually ran away before it got to that. But I was never touched. My dad was the aggressor physically, my mom verbally. This reflected a little on me in that the first word I learned was my dads name, not "dad" or "daddy" but his first name, I would scream it across the house. Apparently know one could figure it out, until one day my mom called for my dad and it clicked for her. I barely knew my dad early. He was the guy who sat on the porch and read the newspaper every morning, I barely saw him beyond that, weeks could go by and I don't think I'd see him unless walking by the back porch. My mom would take me to dinners at people's houses but I don't ever remember him there. My mom did everything for me, she made every moment special, every event have meaning, she always congratulated me, and encoraged me and tried to get me to interact. I didnt like other kids though, I loved school, but kids I hated. I'd get aggressive to anyone invading my space, I had a couple friends for a little while but each one ended badly. I did excellent in school, top at every class, and all the teachers would call me out in front of the class and remark on how well I'd done. I also stood out from other girls, for being incredibly Tom-boyish, is that's what it's called? Girls noticed and would rarely include me but lead to guys disliked me too. Elementary kids can be the worst. And I took the bait. But instead I'd fight back physically, most boys were verbal or very slightly physical, but Id just lose it and punch someone, so I got called into the office a lot. > Home was the usual screaming and leaving for trips to parks spontaneously. **Then one night it escalated,** I can't remember how or why. My dad grabbed me and picked me up admidst the screaming and went into the closet, my mom was screaming to unlock the door, but it wasn't locked, there was no lock.> My dad was holding it shut, he was really strong. I remember him turning to me and saying, "God she's so stupid, there is no lock." I smiled, but I wanted out. The night ended with police arresting my dad. My mom and him divorced. We moved, and there was a long period I didn't see my father and I had to talk to a bunch of people about what happened.**(7-12 years)** 1. In this time my father adored me around other people, truly loved me I think, telling neighbors how smart I was and how I'd ask these incredible questions. This happened  between the ages of 6-9. 2. I'd live for these moments, do anything for his attention, this was bad later on. In this time, my memory is not good, but the time spent with my father gradually increased, my dad was rich, super rich, and the court systems favors those with money. Get the best lawyer and hold out till the other person is forced to settle. This is what happened. I'll summarize events. 3. My dad began physically and sexually abusing me. The first physical time occurred over a spilled glass of milk. No joke. Technically it was the third time spilling it in an hour, I was remarkably clumsy while reading. Readers out there! Who wants to take their eyes from the book for even a second? I don't know when the sexual stuff started. I'll put below.**Physical;*** item Shoving* item Choking* item Punching* item The Belt* item Kicking* item Slapping* item Throwing me outside house, and locking it, I slept outside.* item I should mention, my dad bought very specific things to eat, but not when I was younger, then there was lots of stuff; cheese, turkey, granola bars/nutrigrain, bread, canned soup, and about 5 different dinners; meatloaf, breaded chicken, goulash and corned beef, and rice/peas/corn beef. I loved the corn beef.* item Over time though, I was gradually not allowed any of the dinners, ever. My dad would carefully monitor the portion sizes, I could help him cook though when I was younger, and that meant meatloaf, of a sorts.I'd mix the tomatoes and meat and mushrooms and my dad wouldn't monitor me the  entire time,  soI could quickly grab a handful of the raw meat, tomatoes and mushrooms. Oh my god it was amazing, incredible, I almost couldn't stop myself from eating too much that he would notice. To this day I have an addiction to raw meat, but for some reason it doesn't taste as good as then, I think cause I was anaemic from lack of meat, thats what the doctor said. Over time, granalos disappeared, along with turkey and cheese(occassionally)and I was not allowed ANY of his cereal, chips or popcorn, if I snuck a handful I'd be beaten. I remember that twice over the years when I was younger he bought cinnamon raisen bread and it was the highlight of my whole week. * item Even if I went to grocery I was not allowed to pick, or be called selfish. I wasn't  skinny though since I had my mom, and my mom would buy out the whole grocery, our fridge would barely shut and there would be so many snacks, and we'd go to restaurants all the time. * item Nothing was to be bought from stores, he never bought me stuff besides food. Dinners were made and frozen into carefully cut sections in plastic grocery bags, not tupperware, I didn't think this weird until I wrote this now. * item If I ate his dinners and left ANY evidence, any spot in sink I'd be beaten. I'd spend an hour in the morning carefully inspecting the sink for any food, washing it but I couldn't leave any soap bubbles or he'd know I'd washed the evidence away, so was forced to wait and slowly wash the bubbles down.* item Bread, sometimes cheese and sometimes nutri-grains and soups were okay as long as no mess, and I mean no mess, more than 5 crumbs was punch or slap worthy. Cause of this I'd hide food bowls, only eat after 12am, and hide dishes in small areas, which when found I was beaten for.* item There was some other stuff but that was the main things. He also drank a lot of wine, there'd be boxes and boxes of bottles in closet. He'd drink maybe 2-4bottles between 3pm and 11pm and watch TV. He would slur a bit too.**Sexual;*** item Turning off shower, coming in stare, then later touch and rub soap in eyes or on body, * item Sometimes kick or punch me, and rub on me.* item Walking around naked or only in boxers* item Rubbing on me when asleep, I'd wake up to weight and sometimes sheets would have sticky spot* item He'd also take me in bathroom and put ice down my pants and rub it into my vagina while saying I needed to rub the ice in his pants* item I started to do this on my own, I'd take ice and rub myself down there. I know it's disgusting. I later started to find books on computer thing my mom gave me with stories about ice and people touching each others butts sometimes causing pain, i think they were porn stories, and I would rubb butt against chair while reading. I did this before I knew what sex was. I know how disgusting this sounds, believe me I was a really screwed up kid. I didn't remember these habits until recently.* item **Now I'll go back to an event that happened earlier.***I can't remember any sexual abuse before divorce but I've always had this memory of this weird type of alone play I'd do. I remember a very early one, before divorce, maybe around 4-6 years. I was on couch with movie on TV, but I had asked my mom to on a movie even though I didn't want to watch it. I wanted a movie on but wanted to play with my favorite toy, a bear dressed as a clown.                                                          I was going through what felt like a familiar scene I had reimagined from a book. The Indian in the Cupboard. I don't remember much about this book except a Indian and some character being mad at the Indian.                                                                   In my playtime I would have jingle bear being the one mad and I'd be the indian, I'd be on the ground and he would jam needles, a bunch of needles into my butt and down there. Sometimes I'd be the mad one and I'd pretend to hurt him. This was very frequent with my toys, but I would always do this alone, and stop if my mother came. I wouldn't stop if my father walked past.***If your wondering why my mom didn't know........well I don't really want to go into it, but when I was younger I was really afraid of getting into trouble so would go to great lengths to solve any and all problems on my own without others noticing, I was very proud of this.**Combine that with a desperate need for my fathers pride, not love, I wanted pride, and I thought he would think me brave for not telling. One of my greatest fears, still today, is embarrassment, I would do everything possible to avoid being ashamed. And I was proud of how I was able to make both parents happy.I also idolized my father because unlike my mother he was always calm, unless he was beating me, otherwise always calm, incredibly polite, would be very shy around others. My mom would scream, yell and cry alot and say weird things and mumble a lot at home or outside.It made me want to be like him, to be able to hide everything so easily, to hug me in public and smile. My mom remembers now but didn't think much of at time a period of constant showers, smelly clothes at school, and hiding food at her house in room.Also, my dad would sometimes say he wasn't sure I loved him, this was pretty manipulative I think.**(11 or 12 years - 15 years)** 1. Really bad years. Mother moved to New York with boyfriend, told me she hated me, to die, I ruined her life. I had been siding with my father in court. 2. Part from fear, part from need to impress dad. I remember one time we were driving to court to talk to woman about custody, and he pulls over to the side of highway gets out, walks around car, and punches me two to four times in the face. I had said something about telling I guess. 3. I should also mention my father was required to see a therapist during this time, and therapist knew about some of the abuse. I saw my mother perhaps 2 times between 11-13, at courthouse briefly and a restaurant once I think. After 1 month stay at 13, not in person again till 15. **Physical at time;*** item Same stuff as before* item Oh I'm not sure if this is abuse but I once took a bunch of ibuprofen and told my dad, he had just beaten me and I thought he would think it brave of me to kill myself for him. He told me I was attention seeking, looked up something online, told me to eat bread and to not bother him, that I just had to wait. Hospital would cost money and couldn't do anything. He then went outside to read the newspaper.***Sexual during this time;*** item Above stuff except no more ice vists to bathroom* item **BE WARNED VERY DISGUSTING AND IN-DETAIL, DO NOT READ IF ANY RISK OF BEING TRIGGERED.***I began puking and having diarrhea a lot, my dad was mad at all the toilet paper used so would slam open bathroom door, sometimes I'd be on toilet, grab me, hit me and rub his penis against my asshole, while taking fecal matter and rubbing it on me screaming I was a "piece of shit".**He frequently screamed and yelled curse words and other stuff at me. He would penetrate me anally sometimes. At school I'd stay in bathroom a long time cause of anal bleeding.**I'll explain the 1 month stay now between the periods of no visitation with my mother. My mom called the police a bunch of times to go to the house so I forgot to mention police would occasionally show up at the house. Besides that I never heard from her.**Sometimes when I'd run away my dad would call the police, he'd tell them that he'd beaten me and afterwards ran away, they told me, "your property at your age, stay home".**My dad would tell me often he'd call the police if I ran and that they said it was okay for him to rub me and put his "dick in my ass". I knew that wasn't but I figured the police here wouldn't care anyway, and again, it would be embarrassing and I hated shame.****I began to hate my father too, wish he was dead, sometimes wish to go back to my mom. Around this time my dad began to threaten to kill my mom.**One night, actually day, I'd sleep in day and woke up at 12am, usually sleeping outside at this time, but sometimes inside if I really wanted food later, something different happened.**> My dad had bad hearing problems at this time. He had a lot of stomach issues also so would take steroids, this I think maybe exasperated hearing problems. Anyway, I woke up to him screaming my name. This meant bad, but worse if I didn't come. > So I walked down hall. My room was located all the way at end of long hallway which ended in two openings to bathroom and kitchen. Another room before bathroom was my dads office which I wasn't allowed in. I walk down hall, sort of fast, but slow down at end. I had just woken up and it was later when I looked at clock, 9:32pm. A Friday. > I stop before corner, since I had just woken up and it's thelight hurt my eyes. I walk around corner, and you know in movies how time stops or slows down, then speeds up again, well yeah, that happened. I walkaround corner and my first thought was why was my dad laying in a bunch of red paint? > I don't know how long I stood there, but eventually I ran forward, I'm kneeling, there's so much blood, the size of my dads body and more, I didn't know why, my first thought was he hit his head. For the life of me I still have know idea to this day how I kneeled down without getting the blood all over me. > I know I need to call 911, I stand up, run across the kitchen and forget where a phone is. There's one right at the end of the kitchen I've seen often and know very well. But for some stupid reason, I run around like a maniac for a few seconds trying to find one until I remember one in living room, I've seen that phone being used perhaps twice my whole life.> How I even remember there was another home phone there I don't know. I run around corner grab phone, run back, kneel down, call 911 while saying something to my dad, my dad says something then but I can't remember what or even if I heard. Then 911 responds, I give the address, and say "my dad hit his head, come now! There's a lots of blood". > Dispatcher asks me if he's still bleeding and I'm looking around his head for a wound but can't find one, I say, "I don't know". I then stop and lower phone slightly, I look behind me and wonder if someone shot him. The garage door is directly at the end of the kitchen, I stare at it thinking its the perfect hiding spot. > But there's no noise, so I turn around. Dispatcher is saying something. She tells me to go grab some towels, I put the phone down, stand up and look behind me towards sink for a towel, there's usually one there on rack. I don't see one, but I do see a knife, a cooking knife, and there's blood on it. My dad cut himself I'm thinking but I dont see any cutting board, or any food or meat.> I look down, I don't know how I know, but I look at his wrist and I think, what is that white thing? The blood is coming from his wrist, or was coming from his wrists I look across and the other one too, with that white line amidst the blood. I run to closet, grab towels run back and press towels to wrist, my father doesn't wake up so I press harder. The problem is there is no blood coming out, and the white blob is still there.> And just so you know blood isnt bright red, or dark ruby or whatever shit like in the movies in those pools of blood you see, it's both. How? Well it's actually a very dark red, but when you look closer it has a bright sheen on top, that is separate from underneath. That's bright red, underneath is dark.> I actually don't know what that line of white blob was, I don't think it was bone, but perhaps it could have been a nerve? I did some research and found nerves are white.The slits in his wrist are horizontal, enormous, I could fit the towel into his wrist and part of it would vanish.> I'm holding and pressing down on both towels, but I keep thinking this doesn't matter, there's no more blood coming out, is there even any more blood to come out? I start to hear a siren, the hospital is just down the road, less than a 10 minute drive. It grows louder. I've heard sirens before but never this close. > I see the lights in front, I run to door as men run up the driveway, I tell them "Hurry!" They run in house, they ask me, "Where is he? Your father." I say kitchen and I lead them to it. They have a yellow board with them with blue straps on top and red underneath. I lead them to kitchen and they start putting my dad on the stretcher. > I suddenly remeber what I said over the phone that he had a head injury, I say, "His wrists! The blood has stopped coming from his wrists!" While I can feel the adrenaline I feel very calm, I'm not crying, I'm speaking quite softly actually. And I just stand there. They know though and one of them curses as they see his wrists. > My dad is starting to wake up now and he's groaning, one of them slaps his face a couple times, I say, "He fell unconscious a minute ago." The paramedic says, "No, he's awake, they do this sometimes.", "Sir! Sir! You NEED TO LOOK AT ME!" My father moves his eyes and head slightly, but doesn't respond. > Another paramedic next to me says, "Are these his pills?" There's two white pills on the counter, my father had been given me some of his medicine from his therapist, I didn't like to take it, it made me feel weird. He would put them in that corner for me to take, I usually flushed them. > I told the paramedic not even thinking "No their mine." He says, "Okay, is there any other drugs in the house?" I don't know. I look back at my father, "Sir! Sir! You need to respond! Open your damn eyes sir!" They've got him on the stretcher and are lifting it up and walking back towards the door. I start to follow. The paramedic says, "Wait. Can you show me if there's any other drugs in the house?". > I say there might be some in the bathroom and take him to it, he takes out bags and begins to bag the medicine bottles. I walk back to the kitchen, then to the front door. There's another man there, in normal clothes, the paramedics are there in front of him. I recognize him he lives across the street, he's very nice. I walk over and tell them as much. He's asking what happened, and are you okay. > And I tell him, "My dad cut his wrists". He covers his mouth,"Oh I'm so, so, sorry, do you want to come over to our house until family comes?" I realize then that he thinks my dad is dead. I say no he's not, he's not dead. I look to the paramedic, "Can I go with you?". He says "Yes, come with me", I leave the neighbor standing there, I don't know what else to say. > We walk down the driveway, its very long and the two other paramedics have just finished putting him in. The man at the wheel says, "Come ride in the front seat". I get up, the step is huge. We get to the hospital, the paramedic in the front seat takes me in, then they take my dad away, I can't go. I stand there for a little while, the paramedic calls someone over and a woman takes me to a back room. I sit down. > I wait for awhile then a policeman comes in, I'm scared but he doesnt try to intimidate me like the ones I've known. He asks me if I can call someone related. I say yes, my cousin Al. > *Al was like a eccentiric uncle to me growing up, his whole house was filled with relics. And even though it was the same size as the other houses on the block, it looked 3 times as large cause of all the trees and plants and jungle-like atmosphere. There was a airplane propeller on the front door. All the walls were plastered with newspapers from a century ago, no space was left open. It didn't look cluttered though, more like a museum, everything carefully set up.*> I don't know his number though, only his cell phone and it was late, so the policeman goes away and comes back with my dads wallet and phone he gives me some money, it's a lot, I don't want to take it. So I take the phone and find Al's home phone. > The policeman calls him in the other room. I don't know what he said. He takes me outside and we walk to the car. We start driving to Al's. As we pass the streets by the policeman is trying to make conversation. > I don't really remember much except when we drove by a street, he turns to me and says "The other night I broke up a couple of bonies there, they were going crazy ass nuts", "Oh sorry, bonies are homeless bums by the way". I nod but don't say anything. He sighs and says "Damn you saw shit tonight didn't you?".> ..............I'm going to skip till Sunday now, I spent Saturday at Al's. Someone called on Sunday, my dad I think, he told Al to bring me to pick him up. Then we drove down to the hospital, we were told he was in the mental ward, and I could go pick him up. We went, I saw my dad, he looked ridiculous, he was wearing fuzzy pink socks and no shoes. > He had a shirt on with scooby doo. My dad was a very formal guy and would only wear solitary color shirts, so it was funny. There's huge bandages around his wrists. He looks at me and says, "You need to be calm and tell the doctor to let me out, I don't belong here." A scruffy guy walks past and looks at me weird. I say ok, I feel bad, like this is all my fault.> We wait and go into the office. My dad is in full on shy, polite mode, I try to copy him. The doctor the entire time we talked would not look me in the eye, he kept dropping my gaze. I thought, "Oh shit I'm not being polite enough dads going to be pissed."> Well he ended up signing the release papers, and Al drove my dad and I home. My dad told me I had saved his life, I hadn't realized till then that I had. I thought, 'he'll have to be proud of now.> I went to school on Monday. It was the last week of school, when students take finals. I remember thinking this is utter shit, I saved my dads life, and almost walked out, I was so proud my dad would love me now.*Yeah well, what do you think happened? Social worker came. Dad told me to not tell her. I lied and said dad cut himself while chopping cabbage. I was 13, and apparently not too bright. Took me to mothers who had heard and stayed at friends, mom got mad I kept running back to dads so put me in mental hospital. Then gave up and left.***Well do you think everything magically got better? Wrong! For a little while than back to before but even worse.*** item He shut microwave off(every night now instead a few times a week) saying I got it dirty so no more soup. I started stealing his coffee sweetener, I couldn't stop drinking it, it was so sweet. He beat me after he realized and marked the bottle with a pen every day afterwards.* item So that left bread, cheese, nutri-grains and hello itchy blanket and bushes. Those three things I could have as much as I wanted though. Occasionally carrots with Catalina dressing which I coveted like no tomorrow. Additonally, at times, yogurts, but not too often.> I needed to take a language elective during this time, I took German. BAD MISTAKE. I loved the teacher, she was so nice and I did excellent in the class, A+, 97. But in signing up for the course a parent signature is needed, otherwise you might be put into a random elective. This was from space issues in classrooms. 35+ students in most classes, with some over 50. > So I went home after telling the teacher I'd like to sign up for German next semester. I took the sheet home and asked my dad to sign. I very rarely talk to him, this is the first time in weeks that we've talked? Besides the usually screaming and beatings. He starts to sign then stops. I wait. > He says come, and takes me into his office and starts showing me these people during WW2, the ones in the camps, he tells me the Germans did this and you want to learn their fucking language?! They did this, and your sure you want to learn something from these people?! I should mention that my dad was Jewish, raised very orthodox, but I'd never heard him say anything like this. > He continues to ask me if I'm sure if I want to learn this shit from the these people who must have something wrong with them, I play polite and lie and say the course is a dual history course. He doesn't believe me and continues to show me pictures of these people, god its horrible, I want to leave, but he gets up and closes the door. That's when I did something stupid, I never do this. I screamed, "Your fucking insane, stop it! You can't blame a country for this, only a very small portion of Germans were even NAZIS!" *Didn't know that? Google it.;)*> Well genius that I was, I got the shit kicked out of me and ran into the bathroom with my nose bleeding. I stayed in there for a couple hours than went to school the next day. I forged my dads signature. On open house night where the parents meet teachers, I told my German teacher how much my dad loved her class, but was sick so sadly couldn't come. The teacher was undeniably sweet and I wanted to let her know how much I liked her class but didn't want her to think I didn't want to bring my dad. HaHa I can only imagine the look on my dads face if he ever found out I said that.**This went on till I was 15.**> .............It was a really bad beating, and I finally got up walked down the hallway after a couple of hours, but something doesn't feel right, I walk back. I heard the TV shut off hours ago, and there had been no noise for an hour. Midway through the hallway there's a break, this leads to the second living room and the front door, there's a short 2 feet section of hallway rug before the front door tiles.> When I walk back down the hallway I stop at the midsection I thought I saw something. It was my dad, he was standing there in the dark just looking at me, he was smiling, he said, "I win". "I'm going to bury you". It had been hours since he'd beat me had he been standing there the entire time? Waiting?> This was not usual. I was scared, Im not usually such a wimp but I was really scared I walked back away to my room and when I come out again he was gone, and the TV was on. I walked out to the kitchen and thought maybe if I sit on the couch and let him rub against me like usual it'll be fine. He looks back around the couch and says, "Your dead to me, I'm going to bury you". > I don't know what he meant, sometimes he'd say he was going to bury me in the backyard but not like this, not this calm. I'm scared, really scared he gets up, run towards me hits me a couple times but I'm not staying, I run towards the front door, he does too. Grabs me and throws me down the steps, hard, I fly almost 8 feet. > He shuts the door, locks it. I would have run by then but something's wrong my back feels weird, and I can't seem to get up. It hurts bad its not just my ribs but my back feels numb, unresponsive.> * item I'll skip a bit here, I ended up doing something I hadn't done in 2 years, I called my mother. Thank god she had the same number. Police were called, dad tried to tell police to take me to jail but my mom had called friend in area to pick me up. Long story short I went into a group home for a couple weeks, social workers found out about abuse and I was to removed from fathers, but then I got a new young social worker that tried to force me back with my dad. She forced me into locked room with him. I screamed until they let me out.> * item Mother found out about abuse too, and said I could come live with her in New York, I said yes. I left illegally apparently since my mom didn't really have custody so dad tried to get me back for a couple weeks sending really nasty lawyer. > * item My mom took me to NYC courthouse, where I got a judge that was according to state lawyer, the original woman to be asked to be filmed for that Judge Judy show, yeah scary. And short. And very pissed since she was about to go on vacation and kept screaming that at the lawyers. Well it looked like my dad was going to win, like I said awhile ago, he was rich, really rich. But he didn't, and here I am 2 years later. I won't say it was easy or a clear path, there were times that were shitty and people hurt me again and family betrayed me(I won't say who). My cousin Al died from cancer, I never got to say goodbye. My dads family hates me now. But I'm still alive, even though I nearly wasn't.**I'm a different person now, less person sometimes and more animal  I think; I still feel like an animal; the fear, the anger, the instincts. I used to sleep in bushes and growl at coyotes and try to climb trees like the raccoons.****I was a "piece of shit fucking animal". Well I'm still a animal but I'd say I'm more of a damn smart one. And I like it, I'm tired of pretending to understand people and why there horrible, I like being an animal, I like and understand animals, always have.****I work in a shelter now and see the effects of abuse on the dogs. I don't want or know how to help people but the dogs understand me, and I understand them. When they snarl and bark, its not aggression or anger, it's fear, fear of being hurt again. They need time, and I can give them that. Plenty of people can fake nice, fake polite, so a couple of pats on the head doesn't mean much to years of terror. Its wonderfully watching them open up to me, I think its because they know I don't want anything from them, I don't care if they bite me or growl or snap, so eventually they stop. I respect their anger though, I don't think there's anything wrong or right about it, but I can respect it. When a family opens up their home I know that maybe someday they'll forget, but there is no forgiving. Maybe one day I'll forget too, until then, I'm planning on become a animal control officer, and god forbid the motherfu%#€@ who defiles the trust that only a animal can form.***Oh, forgot to mention how my dads lawyer lost the case. Two weeks after the case went to court, police were called to his house about a garage door that had been left open for a couple days. They found a car with my dad in it, with goggles on and a bucket of chemicals in the passenger seat. Yep, asshole killed himself and left a note in the back seat disowning me, as if I coukd give a shit.*Two days after judge ruled he had full-custody. Thank you so much U.S Family Court, its been a pleasure. *May you rot in hell.*P.S. I just finished writing this typed a title and scrolled to the bottom and got this question, "are you human?", I find that funny for some reason.
When I was younger, my dad beat us a lot. Us, including me, my mom and two older brothers. Is it weird that even though I withstood 13 years of abuse, I've never been severly depressed? I mean occasionally it all comes to me and I just get really bummed out. But I've never been like so sad i want to kill myself. Is that normal? I even still see my dad. He's improved and I still love him. But my mom doesnt understand why and to be honest i dont either but I do. I read stories of people who were abused and they turn out to be so depressed or cynical. but not me. One of my brothers is kinda tempered due to what happened, but my other brother and I arent. Like, when my friends heard my stories they were surprised. They said that it seemed like i had a good childhood because i always joke around and rarely seem down. I just wanna know if anyone else is still ok after everything that happened
I opened up to my boyfriend a bit, and now he keeps telling me I was abused. I kinda felt neglected as a kid, but recently my parents told my therapist that they neglected me. They're good parents now, and I think I was just a shitty kid that didn't like their parents. I have a few specific memories that might prove it but besides that I feel like I was just being over dramatic or something. I also have this memory of kinda being sexually assaulted sorta by a relative, my boyfriend told me its serious but I think I may be remembering it wrong or it was just a dream or something. And even if it did happen it wasn't that bad, I don't think about it often and I don't really talk to that relative much anymore.My boyfriend keeps telling me that I need to tell my therapist this but I don't think its that big of a deal. He also said that he thinks I might have BPD. I'm just not sure if I should believe this all. I feel like the way I am now (I also have issues with depression and anxiety) is just my fault from avoiding people and just generally being a lazy shit head.And on a side note if anyone can help me with this: I don't seen to want to eat anymore, I kinda feel hungry but every time I eat I feel bad. But I know I should eat since I haven't eaten in a day. Anyone know what to do about this?
I found this model to keep yourself healthy while providing support and friendship -- http://ryoc.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/Karpman-Drama-Triangle-How-to-STOP-the-Drama.jpg
Be a part of the revolution! Change your profile picture and take a stand against sexual violence! https://www.facebook.com/helga.dis/posts/10153409997389640In the past 10 days or so, hundreds of Icelandic women have stepped forward and told their stories of sexual harassment, abuse and rape, in social media, under full name, with no shame. What they all have in common is a story of being condemned in one way or the other, when they first revealed what happened to them and reached out for help. Society, families and professionals failed in several different ways. This has led to a small revolution, where the emphasis is on a widespread, social, attitude and system changes. We need to make sure that it is safe to tell, that the victim gets appropriate help and that justice is done. A society that shields perpetrators is a sick society. The Icelandic movement has used the hashtags ‪#‎konurtala‬ (meaning “women tell”) and ‪#‎þöggun‬ (meaning ‪#‎silenced‬ – that we will be silenced no more) – as well as the English hashtag ‪#‎outloud‬. This is our first activist action, trying to show people how widespread the problem is.The orange photo means that you, yourself, are the victim of sexual violence, the yellow one means that you personally know and support victims of sexual violence (several people have made their own versions, using other colors or combinations of those two, which is fine too). Join us! Spread the word!
After being in an emotional abusive relationship for a year in my freshman year of high school, it took me 7 years later to accept that what I went thru wasn't my fault. Then in therapy, I found myself blaming me, calling myself stupid for staying in the relationship while I had tried to leave. It makes me just feel shitty. I felt like I had made such huge progress but now I feel like I'm a step back.I just needed to rant this. I feel a bit depressed about it. I don't really know how else I could face this. I feel kind of odd talking about it to people who haven't gone thru it. It makes it a lot more difficult I guess.
I want to share my podcast episode from this week where my guest talks about how she was a target of sexual predators when she was a child, as well as being incested by her grandfather. She talks about how she is now able to live, love and work from happiness after growing up feeling unsafe and unsure of her place in this world. If you’ve ever felt unsafe because of things that have happened to you or if you’ve ever felt like you’re not sure of your place in this world, then I think you’ll like this episode. Check it out below if you’d like. Thanks! http://thegrassgetsgreener.com/reclaiming-safety-and-living-from-happiness/
I am middle aged and have for years had a vague suspicion that I was sexually abused when I was very young. A few years ago I found a series of letters between my parents (they were often apart for months because of my dad's job) and in it there was a reference to a "bad situation with the babysitter."I was extremely sexual as a child. I masturbated and I have a very clear memory of trying to force a friend into doing sexual things with me when I was around 7, and having her run home in tears, then being interrogated and punished by my mother.I was listening to a podcast the other day in which someone was describing the behavior I exhibited throughout my childhood as well as that lifelong "knowing something happened" feeling. Something clicked and I thought, "Yes, I was abused."For years my mother intimated that my father sexually abused me. But I know that's not the case. I just know. I suspect it may have been a female babysitter. I have thought of asking my sister about this, as she's a few years older and would remember. But it seems like a huge can of worms.I've been in therapy and just "finished" about six months ago because I've finally been able to manage my depression and anxiety. I feel like I'm okay with this knowledge, although part of it is not wanting to open up some wound and have some other issue to deal with. I'm in a healthy LT relationship and am comfortable with my sexuality. I just wondered if anyone else has dealt with having this realization and deciding to just let it be.
Sorry if this isn't meant to be posted here. It's just been sitting on my chest for a while, and I wasted to know if someone could help. When I was 12-16, I had several relationships with men who were legally too old for me to sexually associate with. It started with my best friend's older brother, who would send me explicit messages and grab my butt and just generally be really sexual. By state laws, I think it was legal (12f, 15m). I reciprocated, so it was consensual, but broke it off when I got too scared of what he wanted. He was kind of pushy, like claiming I owed him, but eventually left me alone. I then turned to various anonymous chat websites, and met some guys who I wish I didn't, but at the time sort of idolized. They ranged from 26-39, and all of them would have regular explicit conversations and request photos from me, which I obliged. Some would make commands for me to follow, and get angry when I didn't. I guess I could have stopped it easily, because it was as easy as not responding to messages, but they had my personal information and I loved the attention, so I kept going until I lost my virginity and started getting attention from other outlets. A few years after this, I was talking to an adult and mentioned these relationships, and she got concerned and called CPS. Nothing really came from it, but I was put on lockdown for a while, and had to go to therapy. It wasn't a great experience, and I never really understood why. I guess what I'm asking is what was that? It was consensual, and it wasn't physical, so it wasn't sexual abuse or anything, but CPS's involvement and some experiences I've had afterwards make me think it wasn't nothing. I'm really disgusted by it now, and I don't know why. Can someone help me? Thank you. 
I know talking to a professional is key and best but I really want to ask any one here if I can do get some opinions of behaviours I had as a child and a behaviour I have now..First off my father was a pedophile I assume due to being sexually abused himself when he was young.. I say pedophile because before I was born he lived with my grandmother who he was dating in a house with all her under age daughters him being thirty years older. My half sister recalls him going into each of their rooms and having sex with them all all the time (he molested her but she only remembers once) for some reason my mom decided to stay with him and have me and my brother. My dad was getting much older when I was born so I don't know if he or someone else hurt me but he did take me around a lot to different houses where he had friends to discuss life and business..**The (possible signs) of sexual abuse?**Wetting my bed starting from 4-10 every night and not caring when I'd wake up covered in it. I sort of wanted the feeling of my skin burning from it because it made me feel connected to my body. I did not realize this as a child but I am aware now.Covering my privates with my hands as I slept.. I did this because I wanted to be aware if I would pee.. but now as an adult I'm aware that just doesn't add up..Consistent on-going night mares from 4-10/11 involving a figurine my father gave me for my 4th birthday. It hung on my bedroom wall and I was terrified of it I would dream it coming after me to harm me. It would tell me bad things like if I were not aggressive in waking life I would be harmed and happiness was misery because misery was safety and if I did not avoid my parents they would get harmed. My half-niece says I would hide under my bed at night crying my eyes out in fixated terror.A few times I recall being stuck/paralyzed half asleep half awake with an intense overwhelming electrical feeling all over my body and beside me. I would be terrified thinking that if I opened my eyes and looked beside me there would be a scary person that would kill me if I saw them. I was under the age of 10 I don't recall the ages.I recall one time being in my bedroom at night drawing a picture of a person with a sleeping mask over their face and a thought bubble saying help me. I was only 3/4/5 can't recall I was super angry and remember putting so much fear into that picture.Wrote a letter to my mother when I was 5 (who I crazily hated for no logical reason my entire childhood) saying I hope she would die and how much I hated her. I honestly can't give you a reason why I felt such anger. I hid it in a closet for some reason I don't know why. Made a calendar I showed to my half-niece when I was 6/7 all it had on it was one word written on one day of the week every week and the word was 'sex'. I remember lying saying I'd sneak out at nighttime and have sex.Was molested by two different girl friends when we were 3/4/5 and remember both times feeling numb when they touched me. I think I might of thought something was wrong for them so I did not freak out at them but my response none the less was weird like I disassociated. Another time my half-niece said she wanted to have sex with me? I was only 7 or 8 and she was 9 but I remember being ok with it and disassociating. It did not happen but it was weird and since she made me swore to never speak of it I can't help but wonder if I imagined it up and it was actually my dad or brother because it was so messed up.Staying awake until early am frantically rearranging bedroom my half-niece recalls me doing this until I was 9 or 10 and I started at yes once again 4 years old. Apparently she'd wake up at night seeing me rush around the room shifting furniture around and she'd ask what I was doing and I'd tell her like it was not weird at all.Never wanting to eat, I would eat portions of my dinners and than perfectly scrap the rest of it unto one side of the plate, I don't know if this connects but I think it's really odd looking back.Finding it impossible to cry, I could only cry if I felt guilt that was not meant for me to feelConstant rage and seriousness all the time when I was only 4+ years old, I never allowed myself to feel happyNever wearing under wear, sometimes flashing other kids, not thinking it was weird even though I'd wear dressesThe strange thing to me concerning the ages is that the bed wetting ~ re-occurring night terrors ~ frantic re-arranging my bedroom all stopped around the same time and that was right around the time that my dad got incredibly sick with cancer so he never did much of anything and was bed bound. It's like everything slowed down in a sense and the fear dulled down. I can't remember anything before I was 4 years old but since my birthday (I remember because that was the night my dad gave me the figurine) I recall a whole lot of things and that was right around when the rage and intense troublesome behaviour started... and it's strange because apparently before I was 4 I was the incredibly calm and quiet.. than suddenly became polar opposite.**Present**Getting up 6+ times a night with an overwhelming sense I need to pee. It never happens when I am alone and only when I am sleeping in bed with a male I am sexual with. What could possibly make me feel so unsafe that I have to obsessively get out of bed and pee? does it connect in with my endless years of bed wetting as a child? I read once that children do that when they feel afraid of a parent. My cousin was molested as a child and she does the exact same thing.I disassociate when I have sex or kiss I never feel much of anything and I never had interests in anything sexual or men until I was 18 and doing drugs. I only got involved in sexual things once I was incredibly drugged out and high.I have no memories of abuse (expect once involving my brother but it was not sexual) but I had a massive panic attack last year where I lost all recollection of my surroundings and my body, I also viewed reality like it was a dream and artificial. I felt something was coming after me to attack me and was frantic pushing myself back against the car seat, my brain was telling me I was going to be hurt and was looking ahead of me like I was seeing something there. I was so convinced I was going to die and was dead because I felt closer each second to utter blackness and loss of my own self. Looking back on it now I wonder if I was nearing a flash back involving trauma..Does any of this sound like signs of abuse?
Inspired by the Eminem song - I'm more a heavy metal person but I do like his rants calling out abusive people! - tonight I opened THE BOX.THE BOX is a box of toys from my childhood... Not the toys I saved, which sadly I lost in Katrina... But THE BOX of toys my mother considered my toys because she liked them.  It says more than I like to admit about the N parents' hold on me that I've dragged it around all these years. *sigh*And in true N fashion, the toys she saved turned out to be "valuable collectors' items!" stuff:- one first-release Cabbage Patch doll I never played with because she got one that looked like her for me, not one that looked like me for me, which was the entire point of CP dolls. At which point Nmom burned the adoption papers to spite me - I won't adopt mom's view, I can't adopt my doll.- a doll by Roy Thompson - a blonde/blue girl in a pretty figure-skating outfit This wa to drive home her beliefs that I must look perfect and do something proper for girls... rather than wear my own favorites that were mismatched (but most 8 year olds are just leaning to match, so wtf!?)  and pestering the boy's hockey coach to let me play please (this was about four years before Canada had that big legal case about girls playing hockey, I was so proud of Justine for pushing to play and so envious her parents had supported her dream!). That's right, me being fed up with figures and wanting to play real hockey (not fucking "ringette" but real hockey) was such a big embarrassment to my so-called Feminist parents, who were fine with me doing boy's work around our house but not boy's games. *headdesk*- Two smurf toys, Papa and a male, because my mom hated Smurfette with that special passion only a brunette Ns can muster to rage against a frigging cartoon blondes (which is extra-weird because my Nmom dyed her hair blonde when I was a toddler, she actually said she wanted us to match! A grown N competing with a toddler, just all my nopes.)- an antique toy that I remember only vaguely, because it was too valuable to let me take it off my toy shelf, which just reinforced the message that I was never going to be "good enough" for Nparents- and a model Lambourghini, which is extremely creepy... (story time!)... I remember both my parents sat with me on my birthday, sitting on my bed helicoptering over all my gift-opening, meanwhile telling me that even such shitty gifts from such questionable friends required my expected-to-be-amateur-siiiiigh thank-you note.Finally the last box. My father and mother, pick up the box together and stare at me very intensely together while my dad says, meaningfully, "This is how we think of you - open it." So I unwrap the box while my mother complains about my ripping the wrapping paper wrong... And there it is. Correct to scale, deluxe interior, racing yellow exterior, gullwing door option installed... The Lamborghini. I must admit, I looked confused about this gift. I really didn't understand it.  So my father says, "This is how we think of you! Like an attractive expensive car! Please  treat yourself that way - don't let anything happen to dent or destroy our beautiful car." Staring unblinkingly at me.At this point I must have looked completely perplexed so my mother says, "It's symbolic of your beauty and its value... make sure you use it to get your money's worth!"I can't remember anything after that so I'm sure there was probably and N beating of some kind... at least I'm not doing so badly as that guy in /r/askreddit  who posts about jumper cables! /metaSo if any of you care to interpret exactly what was going on with the car or the other toys please? I would appreciate your perspective. I'm still stuck on the money value and the looks value having motivated her in choosing these toys... No acknowledgement of my own personality? Neither consideration nor interest in my personality? Just be gorgeous and dig someone's gold, and that makes you worthwhile? Of course they'd already used my brother and I to do commerical and printwork modelling almost since birth (And since this discovery was made this year, my actor friend is now trying to discover how much they stole from us children. I think our cases were among those cited in the legislation of a trust fund for child actors'  wages, Since so many states parents do this even today. But even with out that context, it's just really inappropriate messaging for a 13 year old girl. :'(So tonight I decided to sell the last few things that my parents saved and that I was saving... But now the Nparents are out of my life, I can see just how fucked up these toys are in my situation, Which explains why I've always felt uncomfortable since the box was given me by Nmom.So just to complete the exercise, I shall go online and try to discover whether if any of these dolls are actually so valuable as my Nmom insists, and sell or donate them. The skating doll, that I need for my neice because she loves dance and love skating so for her it might be inspiring instead of symbolic Nshaming. All the rest goes.So tonight my friends in RBN and LAN, come and let's celebrate my seven months of no contract.!BONUS: My real birthday is coming up quickly and I'm going to buy myself a new middle name!  No longer will I wince every time I have to fill in forms, use my credit card, or accept mail seeing her name beside mine.  In fact, my mum once used our name to buy airplane tickets so, should she need to cancel, she could tell the airline management a sob-story about her daughter using her card, she's sooooo sorry to bother you but pleeeeease can you waive the cancellation fee it's not my faaaaault, wwwannnnh. *barf*Any name suggestions, please?
One of the coping mechanisms I used in childhood was to retreat into a fantasy. I've heard this can be called maladaptive daydreaming or compulsive fantasy. I'd invent a birthday and make up a life around it. The rule was that it all had to be plausible (eg I would pick a real school to imagine going to) because then it could actually happen and I used to wish it would come true. I used to scan the phone book to pick out names, addresses and phone numbers for my fantasy and my dad once saw me apparently reading the phone book and called me a freak. Recently I read the novel The Panopticon by Jenni Fagan about a teenage girl in care and nearly fell off my chair when this character started talking about 'the birthday game' which turned out to be EXACTLY what I did. I was able to take it in to show my therapist which helped so much.I feel like a freak; there's an obvious reason for that. Did/does anyone else do this? It is still a coping mechanism I use when I'm really stressed out.   
I am a student, studying and analyzing different topics to do with childhood abuse and this includes a survey that I have decided to do to help with research to further my general knowledge.Here is a link to the survey. Please do not feel any pressure to fill it out. http://goo.gl/forms/wFV1QkkWqA
Did your partner, once the relationship had ended, accuse you of being abusive or horrible when in fact they were the abuser? When I confronted my ex-boyfriend years after his abuse he retaliated saying that I had been hurting him emotionally. I have no idea why he thinks that. My whole existence while I was trapped in that relationship was just trying to keep him happy out of fear. I just don't understand why he would say that. He also denies ever laying his hands on me which is just a bold face lie. 
My dad's stepfather abused my sister and I sexually. There was a CPS report but we didn't file charges, he died before that could happen. I reached out to my father's mother, who was still married to the abuser, through facebook. Here's the exchange.Me:Donna Blossman, You know why I’m writing to you. There were things I wanted to say, things I wanted to do. I was aging out of the range where I could press charges when Jack died. It’s difficult to sort through the feelings I’m going through, but I’ve recently accepted that I can feel mournful at his passing. He was an evil person, yet still a person. Hating him and hiding behind the anger burning from pain would be too easy to deal with. It was odd that you never tried to contact me. You found Alyson easy enough, reducing her to tears and panic attacks. There are a lot of things I can’t forgive you for, and hurting Alyson is the biggest one. I was diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder when I was 14, due to the sexual abuse I had been victim to during my childhood. I still struggle with it. I still go to doctors and therapists to try to get a handle on it. I’ve met some truly wonderful people through my journey, the greatest of which is Linda, an older woman who had attempted to forgive those who wronged her. This isn’t an offering of forgiveness, but this is a way to seek closure. I have questions that I want answered. Why did you stay with him? Did you really not believe us? Did he ever admit to what he had done? Did you ever love us if you could choose him over us? If you have any questions for me, know that I don’t have to answer, and I would appreciate it if you talked about Jack as little as possible. Things related to him trigger me, meaning that if I don’t have a controlled environment, the mere thought of him fills me with fear and anger and anxiety. I haven’t spoken to the rest of my family about contacting you. The mere mention of you or Jack brings forth too much pain. This is not an invitation for you to contact them. If you knew where I lived, or lived closer to me, I would hesitate contacting you. I want to keep the distance between us unless and until you deserve more of my trust. -LacyDonna (On my facebook status): I was so glad to see your photo, you're still very pretty and sounds like still smart too! I've prayed for you these past 7 yrs. and I'll always love you no matter what. I have wonderful Christian people in my life who love me & want me to e in their lives and I'm sure you do too. We're both "blessed". Maybe God can get you the closure you need, he gave me peace & closure a long time ago without forgiveness from anyone. Thanks for contacting me.Me: If you open this message by clicking the icon that turns red when you have a notification, a small box pops up with these messages. If you click on the white space below the messages and to the left of the camera icon, you can type a message to reply instead of commenting on my status. That status is public, and Alyson is facebook friends with me. I don't want her to know that I'm talking to you. She's in a great place in her life, finally free from the pain you allowed to happen. I'm getting there. There are things that I want to hear from you, and if I don't receive them, I won't waste any more time with you. At the very least, I want you to say that the abuse occurred. I don't need validation from you, as I've gotten it from CPS, four therapists, and even his children. I won't even challenge your beliefs, I'm glad they are a comfort to you, but I believe if you can't honestly talk about what happened instead of proselytizing then you haven't faced it at all. You're ignoring it.Donna: Lacy I realized too late that I should have answered you another way & I'm sorry about that. How do things become "validated" without proof something took place? As for his children, did they say they saw him do something or had he talked to someone about it? I'll be curious to learn about who & what.  The CPS meeting was a joke, not an investigation as the report claimed.  We sat around the table about 20 min.making him aware of what he was accused of etc. & asked him about it. He gave an answer & that was it. The report also gave 3-4 options on the incident  ya'll chose "on purpose"  & I thought it simply had to be one of the others I truly wish I could help you get where you need to be in life but theres no way I can or will say that this occurred as I have no way to know--if someone knew something years ago it should have been dealt with. For you or any of your family to believe I was aware that anything was going on doesn't really even deserve an answer. If that was how little I was thought of its a good thing its over. Whether you believe things like this happen or not I know God revealed something to Jack about 6 mos. before he died that brought him great peace. Theres too much hurt involved between us that can never be resolved so I probably won't check anymore messages. Bye.Me: Are you really upset with me for being upset with you? After you chose to live with a pedophile who abused your own blood relations? If I never cared I wouldn't have reached out. I do at least have an answer, which is what I wanted. I know deep in your heart you know from the way you have answered. "How can anyone know if they weren't there? Why did you select "on purpose?" " Would it really have made it any better if it wasn't on purpose? My dad told me you would never admit any wrongdoing, and my stupid youth wanted to give you a chance. Alyson has also written a letter to you, which I will send through this account so you will have no access to her. Whether or not you read this is between you and God, but frankly, we both know that you have not asked forgiveness from the right people. Sure, God is involved, but Jesus wasn't molested by your husband. I'll say it again, YOUR HUSBAND WAS A CHILD MOLESTER. You laid in bed and held the hands of a man who laid hands on your grandchildren, and you're the kind of person who would have no problem with that? What does that really say about you? Honestly, this is just an excuse for you, isn't it? An excuse to cut ties with us. It is through the grace of God that I feel the utmost pity for you, a wretch who is blind to the error of your ways, and will remain a wretch until the end of your days. For those who would allow harm to come to a child of mine, it would be better for a milestone to be tied around their neck and they be cast into the sea. I bet that milestone's gonna look really pretty around your golden cross necklace.Wow. Just wow. I wanted to hear her side before she died and now I know. I know she knows, and I know she's a pathetic excuse for a person for trying to deny it.This may or may not have been worth the panic attacks and sobbing episodes I've gone through over this, waiting between her replies.
Two years ago, I had a very emotionally abusive partner. She would be incredibly mean to me, fly into rages over minor things and say awful things to me. Embarrassingly, it wasn't until two weeks ago, when a friend of mine who dated her told me that she (my ex) had been abusive to her (my friend) that I realized I had been abused by said ex as well. My situation is different from my friend's (hers involved attempted rape), but it made me realize how terribly my ex treated me.I've been on the verge of deleting my abusive ex from my facebook for about a week now, but I always chicken out. I currently have her unfollowed but I check her profile as I have this weird fascination with what she's up to. We agreed to "stay friends" and she'd almost certainly notice, and I'm worried that it'll cause drama and I'll be dragged through the mud, not believed, and accused of being abusive myself. (She once said I was emotionally abusing her because I threatened to go home when she wouldn't stop yelling at me). Making things worse, at a party last night, I stupidly mentioned to a friend that I was on the verge of deleting her, and it turns out that my abusive ex is the soon-to-be housemate of another girl who was at the party. If this girl heard me talking shit about her, it's almost certain to come back to me and I am in deep trouble.I've made a decision that I am going to unfriend her tomorrow, but I am super, incredibly anxious about it. I was abused (mostly emotionally, occasionally physically) as a child so that is probably contributing to my anxiety. I'm just really scared of the fallout no matter what I do. The queer community in my city can feel very small and we have nearly 40 mutual facebook friends, and I'm bound to see her at events. She's a popular activist, and I worry people are going to side with her. But I know for my own sanity I have to delete her from facebook. I know this sounds like a minor thing but I'm just really scared. Does anyone have any advice on how I can deal with this? Is there anything I can really do other than just delete her and hope for the best, or keep her on as a friend to avoid drama?
One of my readers asked me to share my full story so that my readers can better understand where I am coming from with my blog, so here it is... My earliest memories are filled with feelings of love, safety, security, and happiness. The first time I lost those feelings was during a fight to end all fights between my parents when I was 3. My father was leaving her and had been having an affair with one of her close friends, whom he later married. My mother was pregnant with my little brother and went into labor with him that day.  I remember crying hysterically as someone took me from the room. Witnessing this fight was the first traumatic event of my life. From then on my mother, little brother and I were all living in survival mode. Out of desperation, my single mother turned to her family. This was my first encounter with the mental illness and twisted secrets of her childhood that were now going to bleed into mine. To read the full story go to www.mamaleonis.com
So this is my first post and also my first time ever talking about this so try to bear with me.I was born when my parents were around 20; I am a man if that means anything. When I was young my father was always away due to work, he was kind of an alcoholic to. When he had days off he would rather spend them with his friends than my mother or me. Most the memories that I have from my father from when I was young are of him yelling at me. I remember that I used to cry a lot and was very emotionally weak. Around the age of three I got a brother, and being the second born my parents were a little more knowledgeable at raising him. I used to try talking to people when I started school but no one really listened to me when I talked so I became a quiet person.Around the age of about 9 my parents got divorced. I ended up staying with my mother and so did my brother. During events leading up to the divorce I remember overhearing that my father had been cheating on my mother while at work. After the divorce I told myself that I wouldn't cry ever again because I had to be the man of the house. My mother did her best to raise us but being a single mother it was tough. My grandmother at the time was also staying in the house with us. During my school years I made some friends who I still talk to each day. Unfortunately I also got picked on at school. Most of it was just emotional and I can't remember if any of it was physical but I do have repressed memories. Being the quite guy I am good at putting on a poker face and not letting anyone know what was going on. I didn't want to burden my friends (still don't) so I never told them. When I got home from school my brother would pick on me and hit me and when I fought back my mother would get mad at me because I was older and should know better. Other family members would harass me because of my weight and that I don't have a girlfriend yet. I weigh 120 because of a high metabolism and everyone thinks I just starve myself (I don't, I once ate 40 mcnuggets on a dare lol).During my high school years I got severely depressed, I was at the point of wanting to kill myself. I never understood cutting myself because I don't want to feel pain but I put a knife up to my chest and always thought I could just end it and it wold be easy. I eventually stopped doing that and told myself that I was selfish for even thinking that. I became a recluse during high school years and threw myself into video games instead of suicide thoughts. One night my grandfather came over and beat my mother while I was asleep due to something with my grandmother. My grandmother moved out after that and I didn't feel right telling anyone why. It wasn't really for me to say what happened but everyone bugs me as to the reason of why she randomly left. I am going to be 20 in a couple of days. With everything that has happened over the years I have pretty much lost most of my emotions, I still haven't been able to cry even when trying, I have become good at faking emotions though. With seeing how families work, even though I know most don't work like mine, I haven't dated anyone. I think all that has happened might have made me asexual. I know that I have become cynical over the years but I still try to trust others.Thanks for hearing my story and sticking with it if you are still here :) , it was nice to finally talk about this.
My brain recently decided to let me remember a whole of a lot of abuse I went through (and, turns out, still am going through). There's still many more to come, don't know how to describe it. I just know it's not all... And right now it's so many memories at once and I don't know how to handle them. some of them also disappear after a day or so... Wondering if it would be a good idea to write them down so I won't forget. but that would make it too real and I'm terrified. How do you cope with day-to-day life when your brain is busy connecting the dots?
Hey guys, I'm new here. To give you a bit of a background, I was in an emotionally abusive relationship with my (ex)boyfriend when we were 14/15. It was a year long and the toughest thing I have ever encountered. 7 years later, I'm still suffering as those memories turn to PTSD. About 2 months ago or so, he sent me a message, apologizing for what he had done.I've made myself so unhappy, so bitter, angry, and sad that I feel like I can't move on. But forgiving him hurts so much. I've tried being with other guys, but my panic is so severe that I lose control of my life.All I want to do is forgive him, but I don't know where to begin. And please note: this is not for his benefit. It's for me, and my personal tranquility. Has anyone gone through something similar? I'd love to hear itEDIT: Thanks guys, I appreciate your concern on me seeking help. Fortunately, I do have a wonderful and outstanding therapist that I've been seeing for over a year now. The coping skills she has taught me and the way she's helped me face my fears have been one of the best and most affective solutions to the problem. I will have to mention this topic to her, as we have only covered it during that apologetic letter he sent. Thanks for your support everybody.
I think the "anniversary" of my incest is in July. It's almost June, and suddenly my insides feel like they're soaking in a tub of acid. If my stomach could communicate, I'm sure I would be able to hear it screaming. Ugh. I'm going to be in this state for the next three months or so. Can anyone relate? How does your body respond to that approaching date of evil events?
What's the hardest thing of life after abuse?  For me (grew up with controlling, manipulative, abusive father):AnxietyIssues with men (fear, not being able to say no, etc.)Trust issuesFinancial issues, feeling unworthyNot understanding the world (result of being kept isolated)What do you struggle with?  What are the challenges you now face even after escaping the abuse(r)?
i finally saw a psychiatrist yesterday about my mood swings, and within that the subject of the childhood sexual abuse i received at the hands of my father came up. i have never sought counseling for this before, though it has had lasting implications on my self-esteem and ways of dealing with stress... i was lucky enough to find art at an early age so have had a sort of decent outlet that stops me from destroying myself completely. he recommended counseling through the government-funded centre against sexual abuse (CASA, Victoria, Australia), which means i get this therapy for free, which is great. but he also recommended i take medication while i work through these issues. he said he would be inclined to prescribe either seroquel or pristiq, and i was wondering if any one with experience taking these drugs can tell me about it, offer advice or anything? i've been on meds before and have had bad experiences, but that's mostly because i've disconnected myself from the responsibility of seeing a doctor regularly while i'm on them. i'm ready to work on this shit properly now, and i'd like to be as informed as possible about what to expect, how best to work through it. thanks in advance, love and respect to all of you x
Okay so I've never posted online about this before, and I was glad to find this subreddit, reading other people's stories makes me realise my feelings are 'normal' in a sense and I'm not the only one.So when I was 7, I was abused by an older male cousin (16/17) when he was babysitting me every weekend, I told my mum at 10/11 what happened and things got complicated from there, it devastated the family, and around the same time my dad was falsely accused of raping a girl of 13. My aunt (abusers mother) always said it was my dad who did it and I just was covering for him (untrue)I went to counselling for years, almost over counselled, social services were involved and my dad was never allowed to live with me and my mum because he was labelled as something he wasn't, those years were hell for me and my mum, years of severe depression and stress, social services visits (they were assholes), and a courtcase when I was 14 against my abuser, he basically got away with it, a 2 year suspended sentence for 32 charges against him.So now I'm 21, I guess I could say things worked out well considering those 10 or more years of depression, self harm, suicide attempts, me and my mum moved on stronger than ever, generally I'm happy but still struggle with small tasks. I've started my own small business with my mum (out of my abuse compensation) so we are kept busy and have goals to work towards.  We are addicted to weed though and it seems to be the only medication that has worked.I'm openly gay and I'm in a relationship with my boyfriend who's 18, he told me that he had also been abused as a child, although the difference between us is that he's never told anyone but me, not his family, only a short period of adult survivor counselling he's had because I talked him into going, his abuser is also apparently dead, I feel bad because of the years I spent coming to terms with it, talking about it all the time with counsellors etc. He hasn't had any of this, and he never talks about it with me because it's a touchy subject. We also have a lot of the same symptoms associated with survivors, hypersexuality, lack of motivation, trust issues, I find the coincidence that he and I were both abused and both gay strange, I fmid it with quite a few gay people I know, that they were abused as children, it would sicken me to think that it was the abuse that 'turned' me gay, but at the same time I feel like it was something I was born with, that perhaps the abusers sense the sensitivity / vulnerability in gay people when they're young? I'd also hate to think that my aunt,  conservative grandparents and the rest of the family think my homosexuality is linked to the abuse.   This post is longer than I thought it would be, I apologise and thanks for reading it, it's good to just rant even if just one person hears my complicated story, there's a lot more but most of those years are gone for me now and articulating them in the simplest way is hard.
It’s 2015 and I am about a week away from having to acknowledge I have existed on this God forsaken planet for half of 70 years. I have no interests, no actual passions, no drive or desire to get out of the hell hole I am in… but I am willing to acknowledge I am unhappy with most of it. Oddly enough, the only time I feel motivated is when I am on a road trip, far, far away from home. And only then are my motivations just thoughts.Mostly, I feel like an asshole on a regular basis. I am not being beaten anymore. My loved ones and I have been out of harm’s way for what is now half my life. Meanwhile there are people living unspeakable nightmares. Some in the USA and some in countries where the USA has destabilized. And here I am… in a nice apartment, in a safe city… fucking off and being miserable. I am completely uncertain of anything. I can’t really say I hate myself. That takes effort. I mean, I don’t really like myself but it’s… it’s whatever. It doesn’t matter. I once had aspirations. Actor, journalist, paleontologist, and a geologist. Now I really just do not care. I used to think my partner was good for me… or maybe I had myself convinced of that for a minute here and there. I’m still not sure. He’s a nice dude and shit but I’m pretty sure he’s emotionally manipulative. And the more I think about that the more I’d like to knock everything off my desk. Only for a second though. Now I just feel like taking a nap.I am a third of the way finished with my life. I have seen some fucked up shit. Had guns pulled at my head, in my face, been addicted to what the fuck ever, been methed out and pregnant multiple times before 17, cried myself to sleep missing my mother miles from home - alone because it was the safest thing for me - all before 17. I used to think I had a life plan back then. Clean my life up and do something with it… lulz. In my “three Oh.5” years of life I was physically abused, abused drugs, was molested, was forced to raise a baby that wasn’t mine, wasn’t the greatest sister, trusted a woman I shouldn’t ever have trusted, realized that woman is a fucking asshole for putting her only daughter and son in harms way during their whole childhood/teen life. I watch my little brother come up angrier than me, serve time, crash and burn like me. At some point in time I learned to accept my mother for the generally stupid piece of shit she is. Never thought I could hate her as much as the abuser she allowed to abuse us. Had to accept my brother to - though I place no blame on his fuck ups. Oh, and I also watched my only best friend ever die a slow miserable fucking death thanks to chemo and lymphoma - while draining what was left of my savings.I went to college and got a degree and now I am in debt and don’t do what I set out to do. I don’t do shit, actually. I gave it up for my asshole partner who I can’t actually decide is an asshole because at the end of the day - every fucking choice is made by me… that’s the summary of adulthood and accountability, anyway.But no - he doesn’t support my mental hell. He didn’t support my career. He supports my lazy assedness, begrudgingly - and the begrudge I can’t blame him for.Anyway - I’m sobered, now. Cleaned up for 15 years, more or less. I barely drink. Am not even allowed to smoke weed because my partner treats me like a meth head for daring to have a bowl. I refuse psych drugs… fuck big pharma in the dept of psychology. I didn’t drag children into my idiocy. I went to school. Live in a "fancy city." I have a pet I care for but don't really care about. I have a partner...  But the only reward for not going to prison or dying like most people who grow up the way I did, - is uncertainty. Cold, shitty, non-motivation and a total lack of will to whatever. I also am ridiculously dyslexic. Typing this thing was obnoxious.I think I’m just tired. I don’t even think I am depressed - not all the time, anyway. Maybe just on some days. My birthday’s next week and all it is, is a reminder of how angry I am and how unexcited I am about anything and everything.
In working with a counselor and speaking of some events of my childhood. The term "abuse" has been used to describe this time but it is a label I struggle with. At the worst I was subject to fights and getting beaten by my classmates in elementary school. The principal and other teachers at the school refused to do anything and basically told my parents that nothing was happening or that I was instigating the fights. Although I do not remember much I know that I was daily feeling threatened and that every time that I 'stood up for myself' I was not supported by the school or my parents. This only ended when my mother witnessed what was going for her self. I would say that within the last year I have undergone a transformation of sorts, where I have begun to learn how to love myself and I have become proud of the person I am becoming. Among other things part this is due to me reconciling some of the feelings from this time that still stick with me.as always thanks
If you asked me a year ago if I was ever abused, I'd say no in a heartbeat. My parents are flawed, but they certainly love me, and I've never been left alone with someone like my uncle. No one would/could do that to me. Now I'm not as sure.I am a sixteen year girl, I've never been physically abused or experienced any close family death for most of my life. Despite this I've always had issues with anxiety and depression. It was originally just chalked up as teenage angst but after severe self harm damage and suicidal idealization, I've been getting the treatment I need. My mom started taking me to a therapist about a year ago. Before beginning therapy I had a weird talk with my dad.My dad is pretty anti-doctor as it is (he's paranoid by nature) so it was no surprise that he was worried about me seeing therapy. He told me that they may try to implant false memories in me to make me think I was abused. He told me that small incidents happened when I was younger that may be twisted by the therapist to be used against him. Three main incidents were mentioned with varying degrees of severity.1. One summer night while my dad was sleeping on the floor naked (a combination of the lack of beds in the house, the heat, and he was probably high) 5ish year old me stumbled across him while going to get a snack. He woke up to me biting his dick (he said I mistook it for a doughnut) I have no memory of the event myself, so I can't say how accurate or inaccurate it was.2. Sometime later (possibly weeks, possibly years) I woke up from a nightmare where he "touched" me. He believes the dream is related to incident number one. I have no memory of this event either. 3. His final unusual thing was my "sexual activeness" when I was younger. When my brother and I would play powerangers or legos or what have you, the characters would sometimes have sex. We were young and stupid so sex was either the characters hugging in a bed, or touching butts, and a baby would appear the next day. I actually do remember this one, and don't see anything wrong with it. I do howevewr remember how mad my dad would get at us for it. Not the "no kid, that's bad" angry, but the genuinely pissed off angry.While those events caused a lot of suspicion that bothered me for a year (I didn't talk to the therapist about it because I didn't feel close enough to her to share, she just wasn't the therapist for me) it wan't until I got a new therapist and went through with telling her that I remembered a large piece of damning evidence.When I was about thirteen I had a laptop at my dads house, when I went to my moms, the laptop would stay at dads. One time when I was on the laptop, I discovered a large amount of child pornography. Girls ages maybe 2-5 with pictures pointed directly at their panties. Infact, I think the folder itself was named panties. I texted my mom telling her, and she told me to bring it to back with me on sunday to take it to the police. I made the mistake of also telling my dad though. He told me my uncle was responsible (Not hard to believe, my uncle is an unreported pedophile, although he seemed to only target boys) and that I shouldn't tell anyone because my uncle had been in jail for long enough (for events unrelated to him being a child molester). He then deleted the files without needing to ask me where they were stored.I told that to my therapist as well who told me that I display all the common signs of childhood abuse. My mom suspected something along those lines happened to me as well before I told her any of it (besides the computer of course). They called child services and began an investigation. My therapist also told me to be on the lookout for any flashbacks that may occur. She said that when someone begins to remember something repressed, the rest starts to come back to them.So here I am, weeks later, no follow up from investigators, no memory flashbacks, no evidence to file charges, and no proof to make me even want to. I don't care if he goes to jail or not, I don't care about any legal kind of "justice". My father is a sick man, regardless of if he did it. He has issues, that's undeniable. He's not a good parent, and was an even worse husband. He still loves me though, and regardless of what happened, I love him. The only thing I want from this is the one thing I probably will never get: Closure. I want to know the truth, because until I know that, I have no idea where to go next. I can't live my whole life knowing that when I was younger I *might* have been molested. As much as the (possible) abuse sucks, being uncertain about weather a huge part of my life and my development actually happened sucks way more (in my opinion)I'm not sure if I'm venting, or asking for advice, or wondering if anyone can relate. Regardless, thanks for reading.**TLDR: My dad may have kiddly-fiddled me when I was little**
Recently a friend of mine told me she was sexually abused when she was about 6 or 7 years old and has been dealing with it since then with no help. Everyone she told did not believe her and her parents are not accepting of therapy. She is also scared to go to a therapist as well, but seems to be a little more accepting of the idea, however she cannot go without going to her parents first. I am not sure what I can do to help, but being that I am one of the only people she has told about this I know I need to do something. If anyone has any advice I would greatly appreciate it. 
So I'm 20 years old now, suffering from depression and anxiety. Recently, for no reason, I've started stressing out about something that happened when I was about 8. Basically, a family friend (couple years older) took advantage of me. Never directly touching my genitals, but always very very close. He would only let me have a turn with his gameboy if I sat in his lap and he could run his fingers under the waistband of my underwear. One day he told my younger brother to leave the room to get something, and made me lie down on the bed so he could essentially dry hump me. I remember feeling his dick through his jeans and it hurt cos he was doing it so hard. I don't know if it counts as abuse, but the more I think about it the more... Violated I feel :/Sorry, just needed to get that off my chest. I've managed to totally ignore it for most of my life, but now it's resurfacing. I've never told anyone this cos it doesn't sound as bad when I say it out loud. 
I suffer from, and have been diagnosed with, severe PTSD, because of childhood and post-childhood abuse. For most of my life including now, I've had trouble functioning as a normal person. I find it almost impossible to do even the things I want to do. It could be anything from going on a weekend road trip I've planned and been wanting to do for years, to leaving for work on time, to getting up and going to a friend's house after I say I'll come over, to stepping 5 feet away to grab the salt shaker, or a movie I'm dying to watch, or anything else. Even making myself walk over to the bathroom to take a leak is a huge struggle.Once I get started at ANYthing, suddenly I'm in motion and I see how simple and easy it is to just do normal human things. If I start, I can keep going and going. I can work for 10 hours straight if I get started. But just making a move, any move, is very difficult.By "difficult," I mean that I think and feel a combination of things about taking even the smallest action, even when no-one is around:* disempowered and/or hopeless, like I couldn't possibly do the thing, or, that I have the ability but that things still wouldn't work out. [I realize this is irrational, but I still always *feel* it] * expecting subconsciously that it would fail or wouldn't pan out, if I did try (like if I want to watch a movie, somehow I expect something won't work - scratched DVD, computer will break, etc.)* expecting pain, suffering, depression, and hopelessness if I try, like if I fill out a form, it'll get rejected or be done wrong and I'll have screwed myself.* imagining certain people in my life bullying me and making fun of me when it fails. I see a shrink but it hasn't help a ton. Yes, I need to do the work myself, but obviously this treatment strategy (talk therapy, with an without Lexapro) isn't having a huge success.I notice it IS easier when I have someone around - a friend, family member, etc. - to, in a friendly way, drag me by the hand and just get me moving and started.  Once I start, I feel like the chains are broken and I can work harder and longer than anyone.Can anyone offer any advice so I can just have a semi-normal life? And, can anyone relate to any degree?Thanks!   **tl;dr**: I have a very hard time starting to do anything because of severe PTSD. Can anyone offer advice and/or can anyone relate?
I was beaten by my dad growing up, sometimes for no reason, sometimes because I stood between him and my mum. He was always a little rough when he was trying to be playful with no real disciplinary reasoning. Like he would grab my hands and twist them in a game of mercy and I would keep saying stop you're hurting me and he wouldn't (I was 14 at the time).Sometimes during these incidents my dad would try and take my clothes off 'playfully', try to pull down my pyjamas, pinch my bottom and touch my breasts. And other times he would say inappropriate things, like if I was going shopping he would say try to buy something sexy. He used to do other intimidating things like watching me wordlessly from my doorway for 10 minutes at a time. It sounds silly but it was actually really intimidating. I would say what do you want? And he would just keep staring at me with this cold look. It was never while I was naked or changing or anything. During this time he was very drunk though, so I don't know if he really understood the sexual nature of it. Now that I'm not living with him anymore, the idea of seeing him, especially going over to his house or staying the night there scares the hell out of me and makes me feel nauseous. And I feel a lot of shame about my body, especially my breasts. I try to cover up a lot especially around him. I won't even show a bra strap. I always make sure I wear long sleeves and will not wear make up or anything feminine around him. I know how horrific sexual abuse is so I don't feel like him touching me so mildly or suggestively really counts as abuse. I told my mum and she agreed it was wrong, but said my dad would never touch me sexually, and I feel like she's probably an expert on the subject because she was severely sexually abused as a child.So how do I get over this? I feel like it's really effecting me sexually as well.  
I'm at a training on childhood trauma today, and this hit me like a ton of bricks:"When you think someone is always going to want to have sex with you, you make yourself unappealing.  You gain weight."I have been overweight since my abuse from the age of 5-7. I'm 34, and losing weight by low carb dieting, which has worked for me in the past.  But usually, I will go off my dieting once I lose 50-70 pounds and start getting male attention. I must admit, I want that attention. I want a partner in life.  But it scares me.  I know I'm not alone.
Last week, I overheard someone refer to me as "socially strange" at work. This isn't the first time something like this has happened. I enjoy meeting and talking to people and I feel like I do a good job listening and responding, but there must be some kind of expression on my face or some reaction I have that makes me "strange." No doubt social awkwardness is a near-universal experience, and I'm open to the notion that this isn't 100% due to having a traumatic childhood (of course). I'm not upset or even looking for support exactly -- I'm just curious if anyone else feels like s/he behaves normally and gets blind-sided with this kind of stuff every now and then? Tell me your stories!
I never shared my story with anyone so I might as well start here. I would like to know if others think I was sexually abused because I'm still so confused about it. I know definitely I was abused in general but sexually I'm still confused about that part. For reference, I'm a mid-20s heterosexual guy. By the way, I read some post here just now where someone said they were called "Strange" by another person at work. I understand that completely because that's how I feel people see me, even though I fake being "normal". I sound so aloof as I write this, I know... I fake normalcy pretty well but inside I'm being torn apart every second and I constantly feel like I'm holding back tears for no reason and could burst any time.Firstly I was viciously abused by my father and my older sister when I was younger. My mother partook in it sometimes, but mostly just let it go on. This included physical and emotional abuse from my father, and emotional abuse from my sister. Two of the worst bullies and cowards I ever met in my life. Every day they crushed my soul and made me into nothing, just because they could, and they enjoyed it. It made them feel better about themselves to see me suffer. I would like to go further into those details later on if anyone cares to hear about it, but for now I'm just going to focus this post on my brother.I have a brother who is a little younger than me. When we were both kids, we would often play together or spend time together. One day he just started touching me in a weird way, like caressing me and stuff. I think he was more emotionally "advanced" than I was and he had a lot more contact with people, other kids. I was the one who was the loner and emotionally stunted. He knew girls, he knew boys. I didn't know anyone. So he started touching me like that and I just let it happen. I don't know why, I don't think I even knew what was happening or why it was happening. And then it progressed, he would try to masturbate me with his hands and again I just let it happen even though I felt embarrassed by it. I think he really wanted to "be" with someone sexually even at that age, and I was just there, so he did it with me. After a few times of doing this I just kept away from him and we didn't play like we did before. I didn't tell anyone about it. I know one time I mentioned it when we were older and he got so angry and yelled at me like he was ashamed of it too. And this is probably irrelevant but last year he came out as being homosexual. I don't know if it was just kids doing what kids do, or something else. Or how I should feel about it.So that's part of my story, thank you for reading it
First let me just say, though I'm an atheist, I'm completely okay with religion of any and all kinds, in the sense that I respect how real it is for some and I know it helps many with their own struggles! I'm by no means preaching against any religion or claiming that my particular story is  common of Christianity as a whole. I'll try to keep this as short as possible. I would love to hear back from any other visitors of this sub who have gone through what could be considered religious abuse, or any feedback in general!This occurred in 2000 when I was 9 years old. I live in the Deep South in the US, and belonged to a very strict religious sect that stemmed off of the Church of Christ. Every summer kids from my state and the surrounding states would gather at a camp for a week to a month depending on the session. The camp is located essentially in the middle of nowhere, as a lot of camps are in the south. May not seem super relevant, but it plays a part in my trauma, as I'll explain later.As many may know, a common and normally fun activity to do at something like church camp is 'role playing' as a form of teaching. On this particular evening, we were kept up way later than normal, until about 11 pm, and were all pretty exhausted from the day. The counselors called all of us, about 90 kids from 9-12 years of age, into the large gym sized dining room hall, and said we were going to role play. They said we could go get some water and have a prayer meeting while they prepared. The only thing they told us was: "When you come back, there will be people that are going to come after you and try and take you away from Christ, it's up to you to save your friends and yourself."We thought perhaps we were going to be chased, and it would basically be a game like hide and seek. I mean, these were people, adults, that we trusted. We had to, we were small children! So we left the hall, skipped praying, and just talked about the game we were about to  get to play. We were so excited!We all entered the hall again in about 20 minutes when one counselor said it was ready. We all filed in and were basically quiet, in shock. The whole dining room was pitch black except for a few red strobe lights going at varying speeds in the corners. There were many side rooms attached to the hall, leading to game rooms, offices, the kitchen, etc.. All of a sudden, masked adults in all black appeared (whom I didn't grasp for some time were just the counselors dressed up) out of the rooms and started sprinting at us. But I remember the way they were sprinting was different than what we expected. We had expected to be chased, but not attacked. The kids on the outside who had barely started to scatter were grabbed first and dragged into the rooms that the people in black had come out of. Once in a room, they shut the door and a few seconds later would run back out and run back towards us. By then we were all screaming, not out of excitement, more out of complete fear. We didn't know who these people were, or what happened when we got grabbed and put in those rooms. Plus, we were hours away from a town, many of us several several hours away from family. With the flashing red lights and screams, we started to attempt to apply what we were told beforehand, that it was up to us to save ourselves and our friends. So we tried to fight back, when one of the people in black would grab one of our friends we would grab our friend and pull back. Sometimes we succeeded, sometimes we didn't. Many of the kids were in tears, but the more you cried and just stood there, the quicker you were taken away. I was grabbed from behind and picked by one of the people in black. He just kept saying "I am the world, I am the world, I am the world". My friend grabbed my leg and was shouting "no! No!" I was twisting and squirming and trying as hard as I could to get free. Eventually the person dropped me. I'm not sure what my head hit, but I was knocked unconscious.I awoke to the lights back on in the room and hearing lots of kids sniffling and sobbing. The counselors had taken off their masks. About half of them were tending to some of the children's various injuries. The other half were explaining: "This is what the world wants to do you and your friends, the world works through Satan and wants to take you away from Christ and bring you down to Hell. The way you just fought is the way you must fight for yourself and your brothers and sisters in Christ."I don't know who, but someone I guess had snuck a cell phone in their backpacks and called their parents. In the morning we basically were awoken by a lot of our parents there at the camp, which was completely unexpected. Many of them, but not all, were furious. I had a concussion, there were several sprains and bruises on the kids, and a lot of kids had not even slept that night, they had just stayed up crying. The camp spoke to our parents privately, and I guess apologized about the incident. I don't know what was said, but our parents came back to all of us to explain that it was all just a misunderstanding, that the camp just didn't realize the magnitude of the role playing, and that they meant well. A little more than half of the kids went home early. I was one of the ones who's parents wanted them to stay, despite my concussion, which I was given no medication for. No charges were ever filed, and it wasn't ever brought up again. In addition, my parents, alongside many others, continued to send me to the camp every summer until I aged out at 18. I think it impacted me so much because of my age. I had never experienced such fear and hopelessness. I had never had to face what I thought was death. And that is why I consider the whole thing to be abusive. It's effected my brain in so many negative ways I can't even describe them all. Night terrors, severe trust issues, a panic disorder, an anxiety disorder. I feared that people were going to come out of rooms to drag me in any time I was in a church setting and the lights were dimmed for baptisms or communion. My sleep had honestly never quiet been the same, it's helped by having a light on at night, just obviously not a red one!I'm open to any questions at all, and I would love to hear anyone's input, or even shared stories! I think it would just feel good to know there are others out there that maybe feel where I'm coming from. Thanks!
Hello everyone. I wanted to share an experience with you. Several months ago I was struck in the head with a door as I was entering and a friend was leaving our house (an accident of course). Immediately after being struck I was flooded with emotion. Not wanting to cry in public I ran to my room, locked the door and wept. During this time I had the sensation of being very large, or that my room was very small, as if I could reach out my arm and knock things off of my desk on the other side of the room. There were some other experiences which i will not go into depth now in the issue of brevity.I have been seeing a councilor since before the incident and the possibility of PTSD related to childhood trauma has been raised. Has anyone had similar experiences and can comment? I am still trying to understand what is going on.thank you.
Hey, everyone.I'm graduating next week and have attended college with my abusive ex boyfriend for the past 4 years. He's been mostly unable to communicate with me because of a school no contact order, but once we graduate, that will no longer be in place. I'm unable to get a restraining order. How do you guys deal with having your abuser out there with him/her able to contact you? How do you deal with the left over insecurities and flashbacks?A loooong background: We originally met online about 8-9 years back. We talked for awhile, then online dated for about 8 months. He was perfectly fine during this time. We dated online on and off throughout high school. I visited him twice (he lived a few states away), once while dating and once while friends. At first, he was alright. He did start showing signs from time to time, but it was hard for me to detect. Slowly, more and more he'd start making comments about me and my body, make me feel guilty about the friends I had, and would get angry from time to time, calling me derogatory names. However, he usually framed the episodes as somehow being my fault and slowly chiseled away at my self esteem. I was relatively shy, so it was easier to confide in an online friendship/relationship and I was embarassed to tell my friends about it.When preparing for college (we weren't dating at this point, just good friends), we talked about applying to mostly the same colleges, then choosing independently which one we wanted to attend. We ended up choosing the same one and online dating again shortly after. His best friend kept telling me that he was treating me poorly and to break up with him, but his usual response to any negativity coming from others about us was to tell me they were "white knighting" me and it was my fault that they viewed him as the "bad guy." So I wasnt allowed to confide in anyone when there were issues.When we started attending college, we had been dating for about 6 months again. He started off really friendly at first. Over time, he began making me feel guilty about confiding in others again. Over the course of the next year and a half, he would call me a bitch/cunt, push me if frustrated, punched my arm repeatedly once after not speaking to me for two days, threaten to hit me (but yell at me if I flinched when he was "joking" because how dare I assume he'd strike me). If we got in an argument and I'd cry, he'd make me walk down the hallway in front of others to gather tissues. He wouldn't allow me to hang out with him alone without some sort of sexual activity. If I said I wasn't in the mood, he wouldn't make eye contact or speak to me until I agreed, then wouldn't stop asking for my consent. When I said I didn't want to, he'd repeat the process until I did. If we'd argue about it, he would still do this even if I had just finished crying. If I was alone in my room, he would barge in at random times to try to pressure me into having sex. Usually he was in the area because he had developed a crush on a close friend of ours and was trying to get her comfortable with holding him. She refused to any of this and began avoiding him when he started this up. She's my best friend now. Another close friend before her had quickly become best friends with him whIle we were dating. He would try to get her to do the same, cuddle with her, kiss her cheek, and pull her into his lap. When I said I didn't want them doing this, they started meeting in secret. She said she was never interested, just felt bad saying no and claimed nothing went on besides that. Needless to say, we weren't really friends after that.Things escalated pretty quickly during the last year we dated. I'd have to fake being sick in order to avoid being sexual. He still claimed that he wasn't capable of love, but he "cared" about me a lot. When he would try to hang on my now best friend at parties, she would avoid him, which would result in him drinking until he blacked out/puked, then going home. He repeated this behavior ad began cutting/showing me the marks all over his body. He would make me stand in corners with him at parties whIle he would get upset and blackout drunk. Then demand I come back to his apartment to take care of him. Then try to guilt me into having sex or push me if I wouldn't. After a few migraines, panic attacks, and some support from friends, I broke up with him.After the breakup, he would demand that I speak to him alone and threaten to continue hurting himself if I didn't. I went twice. Once he picked me up and shoved me out the door. The other time was much worse. He had drank a 12 pack of beer in about 20-30 minutes. He threatened to continue until it killed him, so I came over. He then repeatedly made threats to kill himself, said I needed to have sex with him or I didn't care about him, continued to punch metal until he bruised, and repeatedly shoved me onto the floor. I kept voicing that I didn't want to and that it'd be rape. He repeated the behavior and kept reaching for the beer while making suicide threats, so eventually I caved in. He then would joke around our friends that I raped him.I cut off contact during the summer. He attempted suicide when I was on a month long research trip in Ireland. He then saw me after he was released, got drunk, texted me demanding I go see him alone or he'd do it again, and sent me photos of him cutting himself. I had a friend call the police and sent back to the mental hospital. They released him early (he's a good liar) and I had the school make a no contact order. They still allowed him in my classes (and I go to a small school). He only contacted me once this summer (a year after breaking up), using someone else's phone, pretending to be someone else. He claimed he loved me and he didn't know what he did wrong. I didn't respond.I didn't share my experience with many friends, so we still share mutual ones. For the most part, I can avoid him. But my anxiety spikes when he's nearby. The flashbacks and nightmares have started recently and I see him again in a week. I have recently started a relationship two and a half months ago with a wonderful person, but he lives several hours away. He visits when he can. I've never told him details, just that my ex was abusive. The distance makes me worry sometimes that he might try to be unfaithful like my ex, but deep down I don't think he ever would. I hope these insecurities disappear soon.Sorry for the long story. I've never told it in this much detail. Just figured it'd be good to open up.If you've gotten this far, thank you.
http://www.throughourlives.com/family-2/warranted-explanations/
x-posted to /r/raisedbynarcissistsI emailed my sister asking her what she remembered about our childhood.   I told her of some physical and emotional abuse that happened to me as a young child and growing up and into adulthood. I wanted to know if anything happened to her, since she is 5 years older, and my brother is 7 years older than me.  I had been no contact for many years prior to this with parents and sister. It stopped when both parents died in the last few years and she is the executor of the estate so I had to deal with her. I had a lawyer do it for a while, because she was not being accountable and doing her fiduciary duty.  That got her attention.She wrote back saying "The  kinds  of  things  you believe  that  you  remember  are  defamatory  to Mom  and  Dad  and  dishonor  their memory.  They  are  not  here   to  defend  their  honor  and  defend themselves  from  false  accusations.""It  is  my  belief  that  your  accusations   are  false  and  delusional."I feel like throwing up right now.  I am shaking and I can't believe that she would say this to me.  She wasn't there at the time, so she can't say it didn't happen! I think she caught the family narcissism bug. I'm worried she's passing it on to her children.  They are young adults now. She was also horrible to me and my brother.  I don't know what else to think other than our non- relationship will stay a non-relationship.It just makes me sick to be called a delusional liar by someone with their head so far up their ass.*edited for x-post
what do i tell her, for example, when she asks why my mom is so mean/was so mean? i don't know why she was so mean. intellectually, i know it's because she was cruel. otherwise, i just...i don't know.
It happened when I was four or five. I used to live in a mainly Hispanic town. My parents owned this really nice house and we were pretty rich actually. I used to have a best friend named Maria. I don’t remember a lot about her, but I remember she was sick one time, and I felt really bad so I drank after her so I could get sick. I don’t remember if I got sick or not, but I think it stands as a testimony to how much I liked her. There was a guy that owned a computer shop on the corner of our street and another. His name was Jim. I remember I spent a lot of time there. I guess Maria did too, but I don’t remember her being there. I remember swatting a fly and being so proud that I actually did it. I remember Jim rewarded me by taking me in the back and showing me his penis.Like I said, I can’t remember a lot of it, but I remember he always asked me to touch it, he said it was warm and other disgusting things to try and lure me to do it. Thinking of the things he did and said, make me want to vomit.I think I told my mom what he was doing when I was in the bath. I remember she took pictures of my body, I don’t know why. I remember she didn’t want me testifying in court because of reliving the trauma.Sometimes I can’t tell if some of the things that happened were nightmares or things that truly happened. Like him telling me that he touched his kids every night before he went to bed because he loved them. Or him telling me not to tell anyone because they wouldn’t understand our love. (I think that one happened, but it’s still really hazy.)Maria came forth and that helped them put him in prison and have him registered as a sex offender.But the hardest part is not knowing if it truly happened, or if it was just some story my mom made up. My dad and step-mom think so, but it might be my dad’s guilt because he was cheating on my mom when this was occurring. I’m too afraid to find out. I don’t want to look it up and the details not matching what I remember. Because then I’ll know I put an innocent man in jail for something he didn’t do.
So, I'm really struggling to deal with my acceptance of my childhood experiences. I'm struggling so much in fact that the thought of ending it all for myself came into my mind recently. So far just a thought, but it paints a picture of how painful this is. I wish that I could say I only experienced this type of abuse. But, luckily for me, I experienced the gambit. Both of my parents were involved in some form or fashion. My mother was the main perpetrator in the physical and sexual sense; however, my father was and has always been emotionally absent due to his mental illness. He neglected to even provide food on the table for my brother when somehow he was granted custody. My mother even neglected to give certain medical care to me. It would be traumatic for anyone to accept the things that I went through. But, currently, I'm overwhelmed by the fact that my parents are incapable of being "real" parents to me ever. I mean, how am I supposed to cope with that? I've always leaned toward true optimism, believing with so much passion that everyone is capable of so much goodness and there is always hope for people to change. But, now that I have answers to questions that I always had but was too afraid to ask, I'm unfortunately learning that not everyone sees the point in changing and some people truly are corrupt. It hits even closer to home because these people we are talking about are my biological parents. How do I go forward with this information? It's possible that both my parents may either a) become homeless, b) die very young because they don't care to take care of their physical body, or c) become suicidal yet again and die from that. It's a very real possibility that either of those scenarios could happen. And, if I stick with this life that I have been given, how am I supposed to cope with not having parents around for my future wedding, the birth of my children, and all of life's accomplishments? Even if they are still living and I know where they live, I don't want a relationship with either one until they can emotionally be a mom and a dad. It's too toxic for me otherwise. I want to end the cycle of abuse that is present in both sides of my family. Obviously, I don't want to end my life, but I just wish I didn't have to deal with this. I feel that no one really understands what I am facing. I desperately want to thrive and feel the joy of all life has to offer, but how do I achieve that when this is the hand I was dealt? 
Okay, First post. MY friend told me that sharing my story may make me feel better. I'm not so sure, I've told people what happened to me before and it didn't end so well. But i guess it is worth a shot. Here goes nothing. I am nineteen. When I was around six I was sexually abused by a man. He was my friend's mom's boyfriend. It lasted about a year. There were times worse than others. He'd force me to do disgusting things to him and on occasion raped me. I would bleed and honestly thought I was dying. I suffered from a speech impediment that made it difficult for me to communicate with people. I guess it made me an easy target. Even if I wasn't terrified for my life I wouldn't have been able to tell my parents. Not that they were always my source of safety. My mother suffers from bipolar disorder which made living with her difficult and talking to her impossible. It also made her violent at time but most of the time she just slept. My father had a whole set of issues all his own. He has anger management issues that would cause him lash out. They weren't exactly who I turned to in my time of need. I have an older sister, but she never really liked me. We tended (Still so) to fight like cats and dogs. I have younger siblings as well but we weren't and aren't close. I never really fit in with them. I think part of the issue is that I couldn't talk to them. Or at least they couldn't understand. It kind of just left me feeling alone and sad. I felt isolated (Still do) and like I was facing it all by myself. Eventually I was a little ball of anger walking around full of hate. I began to lash out at people. Especially the kids who bullied me for my speech problem. I eventually worked through my impediment enough to talk. By that point though I was having the nightmares. It was like every night I would go to sleep and relive my abuse through my dreams and even when I wake up they didn't stop. (This still happens) Eventually I just stopped sleeping. I would go days without sleeping before my body would force me to sleep. I began to feel like I was losing my mind. By the time puberty hit I was a real mess. I had no friends and my family hated me. Around twelve is when I started to want to die. I tried a couple times and my dad told me to do it right the next time and made me feel like a pile of shit. Further isolating me. I eventually started to make friends and started dating this boy. He seemed nice enough, but started to pressure me into being more physical than I wanted to be. I was 14 at the time and he wanted to have sex with me. I didn't want to. Things went way farther than they should have since I was saying no. I thought he was going to rape me but he stopped. He then dumped me because I didn't want to have sex with him. Leaving me again alone. I was on the rebound and stared dating this girl. Things started out great, we were almost happy and I thought i was in love. Then she wanted to go farther and I was still uncomfortable because Sex things just make me uncomfortable. Thats when she got violent. I don't know why or what I did but she started hitting me a lot after that. I felt like I deserved it and honestly I'm ashamed it happened. She then got really into domination and would literally pin me down tie me up and gag me while i cried and tried to get her to stop. She then did disgusting things to me. I don't know why i stayed with her as long as i did. I like to try and say its because i was a stupid 16 year old, but i think I just deserved to be treated that way.  Anyway, I told my parents about what happened to me and my mother blamed me and my father ignored it. When they found out what happened when I was a kid, (Because i made the mistake of talking to a school counselor) My parents were suddenly very concerned with what exactly I said about them. Once they were satisfied i hadn't mentioned them my mother made me talk to the police. They didn't believe me. Sorry that was so long. I just had to get it off my chest. Sorry. I just need some advise because I feel like I'm struggling to have a healthy relationship now and everytime we fool around my mind goes back to all that stuff and I don't want to tell him that because I don't want him to feel bad or like I don't to be with him. And I still feel like I'm losing my mind and I can't stop the nightmares and I just don't even know what to do anymore.
Hi everyone.....1st time posting, also on my phone so please excuse me if there are any typo's or spelling mistakes!  Little background into me and my life - grew up in the suburbs of London, my parents split up when I was 10. As a result of this, I subsequently became very withdrawn and insecure about who I was. I have always moved and have never felt settled any where, or that I belong/deserve to be nice to myself. All this has stemmed from my parents divorced, and have 3 siblings to content with. I was always considered the 'good' child by my mother as she usually had to worry About me.  The older I have got (I'll be 29 next week) the most I've come to realise that I'd been (and probably still am) emotionally and psychologically abused by my mother (and to a degree, my father).  Now I've had various amounts of counselling, hypnotherapy and medication over the years to help, and have had to limit the time I spend with either of my parents just as I've discovered they are trigger points for my anxiety and panic attacks. Does anyone have any stories or advice that might be of use, so that I can finally live my life as I want to, I.e without the stress, anxiety or panic that comes with my past? Sorry if it's not that interesting or its boring, but any help will be appreciated! 
I'm 44 year old man and it happened over 30 years ago.  My wife said people share their stories, but how does hearing what happened to me help anyone else?
Life seems to be just a continuous cycle of challenges, some easily solved, but most of the time they are complicated and even horrific. Tests and trials are given to all of us. These challenges can become so overwhelming at times that we forget why we shouldn't just give up. All any of us ever want is to be happy but life's challenges can make us think that this is impossible, until we are able to understand why. Why is life so hard? The reason for it started long ago before time as we know it began, before mortal life on this planet began. We were created by God a being of pure love. He is our father and he wants us to be like him, to know what he knows. In the progression of our existence we were stuck. In order for us to become like our Father in Heaven we had to have a mortal body. The reason for this is so that we could learn and understand how to be like God. Because we are all bound by natural law, that law being nothing exists without an opposite, we had to know darkness before we could know light, we had to know failure to know success, and we have to know all that evil is in order to know pure love. However, there was a disagreement in how this was to be accomplished. Lucifer thought that God should not give us a choice, that obedience to the laws of love be demanded of us. Jesus thought that the only way to fulfill the test of understanding pure love was if we were given the ability to choose for ourselves to obey these laws. We knew what our mortal life would be like. Part of this process, however, is that we would not be allowed to remember any of this. But we have not been left on our own. We have been given a guide through prophets and the life and sacrifice of Jesus Christ. These mortal challenges allow us and our Heavenly Father to see whether we will exercise our agency to follow the example of His only begotten Son.Before you doubters out there write me off I will share with you my story in how I learned to believe this.To read more of this post go to http://www.mamaleonis.com
Quickest backstory I can muster, promise. My father was condescending and sexist in the extreme. My stepfather was not much better, in addition to being verbally and mentally abusive. My childhood was controlled by his moods and my parent's loud, often violent fighting. I learned to stay quiet, stay out of the way, and certainly never share any emotions about the fighting that was going on. Mom parentified me, would push me to recite that it was okay, that I loved my stepfather, that I loved her, that everything was okay. I learned to put my emotions after everyone else's. As an adult, I continued to play into the pattern as I watched my mother steadily crumble. I brought the pattern into my marriage, gutting our trust and playing the part of the abuser, to avoid becoming my mother. Our marriage ended two years ago. Very quickly I ended up in a new relationship. Intent on not repeating the mistakes from my marriage, the pendulum swung the other way. He is an angry, egotistical, immature person who manipulated me on a daily basis, had no respect for my personal boundaries, who rewarded any attempt to speak up for myself with hours of anger as punishment. I became emotionally mute, justifying his behaviors to everyone in my life, propping him up, taking less than my share of everything- the house, money, food, entertainment, it was all for him. I broke up with him over a month ago. It took him time to find a place, and he's moving out today. I've been debating with myself for days whether or not I should be here when he moves his things out(I am not concerned about him stealing or being vindictive about anything). I would stay because I hate the idea of him moving out of an empty house. He doesn't understand why we broke up, not really, and he's so deep into his own bullshit he isn't likely to really come to terms with it. He's heartbroken and I can read it all over him. Or is that just more manipulation? I keep thinking of my fathers. How many years I fantasized about tying them up and taping their mouths shut so that I could FINALLY tell them what they'd done to me, the damage they wrought, how degrading it was to have to worship and obey them both when neither are anywhere near as intelligent as me. Here I am putting another abuser in my past without ever finding my voice. Yet again I am robbed of the chance to tell them exactly how I feel. All the same, my emotional instincts don't allow me to be angry enough to confront my ex. I can't imagine writing him a letter I'd ever send, can't imagine hurting him. I keep hearing my mother's voice. "Someone hurt that little boy. He doesn't know what he's doing." Something inside me screams HOW COULD HE NOT?!?! How does anything he experienced keep him from seeing the anguish, the humiliation he inflicted? Why does his ignorance make it okay? I don't even know where to begin to take ownership over the reactions I know I have a right to. If I don't learn to react properly to being uncomfortable, hurt, angry when I'm disrespected, how am I ever going to break this cycle? Where do I begin? 
http://www.throughourlives.com/family-2/127/
http://www.throughourlives.com/family-2/90/
http://www.throughourlives.com/family-2/an-invitation-to-our-lives/
so I've finally realised I need to see a psychiatrist, but the thought of actually going sends shivers down the spine.i went through the loss of my mum at the age of 4 I cant even comprehend what was going through my little brain at the timemy nan said she was crying on the doorstep when little 4 year old me came stomping up to her "stop crying" i shouted at her, little heartless bastard I was.a year or so later my dad got another girlfriend i remember thinking the world of her. they ended up having a little girl i.e my half sister and after that she went fucking crazy but not to dad or my sister only to me when no one else was around,she used to hold knives up too me, she once drove up and down the road for what seemed like an eternity trying to convince me to jump out of the car, I had the door open and my seatbelt off (the reasoning for her trying to get me to kill myself was because my little half sister Britt got the flu and she blamed it on me)but the worst thing she did and probably the single most damaging thing that has ever happened to meIt was just a drawing of a shark that I drew in year 1 and the teacher named it the best in the class and I was so proud and I showed everyone as soon as I got home, I was in my room when she then approached me looked me dead in the eyes and said "your drawing is crap" and assured me that my teacher and my dad were only saying that to make me feel better she walked out and i scrunched it up and threw it at the back of my cupboard.all of my insecurities stem from that one thing she said to medad ended up finding out later on and within 10 seconds he had me and my sister in the car.she ended up getting custody of my half sister and half brother if you can believe that, so yeah dad pays child support and all in all the bitch is still terrorizing usi was always really good at hiding the trauma i was always the happiest little child when i could just dissociate and not think about it and i always had lots of friends.I seem to just be getting bitter as i get older and i literally have no ambitions left the worst thing is trying to keep a job every day it gets harder and harder for me to get up in the morning i seriously have no will to live and the only thing that stops me having worse thoughts is the fact that my grandma and grandpa outlived both their children and I cannot deal with the thought of them losing me cause I am a nanny's boy.that is deadset my only will to live and I'm just glad that it is something that wont wear outIm sorry about the rant but thank you :)i just cant gather the courage to talk to a professional let alone a friend about it.  
http://www.throughourlives.com/family-2/the-beginning-of-the-toxic-relationship/
I was wondering if I could share my blog? 
Okay, so I don't really know how to do this so I'm going to just jump right into it. I am the second oldest of seven children. My parents started very young and for years I've justified the things they did to us (mostly me) because of that fact. I am having trouble facing it. The problem is, even though I'm an adult now and on my own, the emotional abuse has continued and I don't know how to deal with it. I find myself angered and saddened by it. I have often times gone to my parents home with the intention of confronting them but I always crumble. Even when we start to talk about it and I begin to talk about when they'd throw my by my hair or tell me they think it's funny when I cry, they always convince me it's okay or I deserved it. I don't know how to confront it or if it is even worth confronting. The thing is, it doesn't matter what they did, my whole family sees my parents as saints or justified because they had so many kids. I keep justifying it and it just kills me inside. Three years ago I almost killed myself because they had me convinced I was a pile of shit and a waste of life. My mother has always been good at going for the throat. My father tended to be more physical. As time went on and I got older they began to convince me that if I reported them I'd go into foster care and get abused worse and likely raped and should be grateful I  had the parents I did. I am having a lot of trouble processing all the things they did to me and the fact that it was mostly targeted at me. There were six other kids, what did I do that was so wrong? I just don't understand. I guess I'm looking for help. I've never really openly talked about my abuse from my parents. It doesn't seem to get me anywhere when I try. Just had to get it off my chest tonight I guess. Sorry. It's just that I've always felt alienated by them and controlled. Not just my parents either, my siblings too. I guess I've just never really had a place where I belonged with my family. Until I left my parents house it didn't even feel like I had a home to go home to. I have just always felt like the black sheep and my family has made sure to keep it that was even as I've become an adult. They even used to call me excludey. That was literally the nickname they gave me. Sorry if it kind of seems like random rambling. Had to get it off my chest. 
I was horribly abused by a very angry man for a long time. It was the worst experience of my life, and I'm still feeling the repercussions of it over a year later. I have PTSD with psychotic tendencies (hallucinations), am extremely depressed and am just overall not who I once was. That coupled with my suicidal tendencies have landed me in the hospital, I've been 5150'd, and now I'm about to go on disability so I can do much more intensive, lengthy therapy that my job would get in the way of. I know plenty of you are where I am right now. As you know, it's a very sensitive, rough spot to be in. Loud noises, angry behavior, and surprises break the glass in my head and trigger an insane, panicked reaction out of me. I try to not hold it against anyone when something small freaks me out because I don't think that's fair to them. The world doesn't revolve around me and there's no way I could avoid 100% of the negative stimuli anyway.However, I don't think it's too much to ask the people close to me who know about my experience to be gentle and considerate of me, and they all have been, except my boyfriend. He is an extremely angry person (he was the sweetest, happiest person ever when I met him, but we all know where those excuses lead to). Now - I could probably deal with it if he didn't express it the way he does. Keep in mind none of his words or behavior are towards me, but it is around/near me. He punches things, stomps really loudly, yells so aggressively that I feel like someone will call the cops, threatens my dog, talks about how he wants to break things... Etc. When he's mad at me for something, he does NOT act like that - he just gets quiet and distant and occasionally calls me a bitch and says we should break up. I don't like it, but it is what it is, and it's much better than being a punching bag.Anyway, I've told him more about my experience more than anyone else. I've told him what I'm sensitive to and that his angry behavior scares me, but he keeps doing it anyway (keep in mind I'm extremely timid and I never yell or call him names). Then he gets mad when I panic and leave or cry. It's not... Abusive per se, but it scares the everliving shit out of me - especially since he's physically bigger than my abuser was.How wrong is it in your guys' opinion that he doesn't consider me when he gets angry like that? Is it breakup worthy? He's very stubborn and defensive over it and I'm starting to love him less because of his demeanor. How do your SO's deal with their human emotions around you?I appreciate any response. Thanks guys.
I've left her more than a year ago. Been through therapy, a year long. Got better and better, gradually. But she was still there, still haunting the dark corners of my mind, that would come alive when I felt vulnerable and depressed. So I did something dumb. I wrote her a letter. I got it all out on paper. I wrote her how she's shaped me, made me the person I am today. It was hard to write it without anger, but I did manage to write it all with my heart only. That's when I finally left her with my conscience. Now I am free. I feel alive again. I'm alright. 
I have a friend, who I know online-only, who was raped by her father from ages 5-10. fortunately he was busted and is rotting in prison. I met this friend in an online chatroom about depression, she was 17, where she confided the abuse to me (I was acting in capacity as an empathic "listener" ), she was probably comfortable doing this thinking she'd never talk to me again.we ended up adding each other on messenger and I continued to offer emotional support. She didn't talk about the abuse very often after that (for obvious reasons ), but would confide that she was depressed, suicidal, self-injuring, etc. And I would try to offer encouragement.She has clear symptoms of PTSD: hyperarousal, insomnia, anxiety, certain triggers, etc. I have suggested therapy a few times, and even offered to pay for it. she's not ready yet. and I backed off. I did some reading about PTSD and found that one of the few effective, non-pharmaceutical treatments is exposure therapy, where you slowly desensitize yourself to the trauma so that it can no longer haunt you. It made me wonder if there was any way I could convince her to go to therapy and hopefully get help from these debilitating symptoms ? I can only imagine how miserable it would be to not be able to sleep at night, every night. not even counting the haunting memories of child sex abuse. So what is the best plea to make to someone to try to encourage them to go ? or is therapy even that helpful for PTSD ? Any input you can give would be appreciated. Thanks
I've tried to ask this in other subs a long time ago and got some very insensitive (to say the least) responses. I apologize in advance if this is too graphic for some.There's a boy, who's about 10 years old but somewhat large for his age. A little girl, who is around 6 years old and quite small for her age, has parents who are friends with the boy's parents. The girl's parents bring her over to his house on occasion. When nobody is around, the boy starts to sit really close to the girl. It makes her uncomfortable. He puts his hand on her back and then slowly puts it down the back of her pants into her underwear. The girl tells him to stop but the boy keeps pushing to continue. Sometimes it happens in the basement and he'll block the stairs to keep her from going up. Sometimes it happens upstairs even when the parents are in the room because he just puts his hand behind her back where no one can see and touches her butt inside her underwear. She's too embarrassed to even tell him to stop when he does it when the parents are around. He pulls her back if she tries to get up. At least once, he bribed her with her favorite Pokemon game. He said he'd let her play it if she let him touch her.I feel stupid for asking but I need some type of confirmation. I'm too scared to ask someone face to face.
I apologize if this is long... it all just happened on Thursday night (I also posted this in No Contact, but found it to be more appropriate here)My ex and I overall have been together for 3 years, but the last 7-8 months...he's been on and off with me and another girl. Eventually the other girl and I contacted each other finding out what a loser he was, but we still both wanted him (I know, this is so embarrassing to type). So every few weeks after a fight with one of us, he would bounce back with her or with me.Anyways, we tried again for 50th time about 2 weeks ago and it was going fine and casual, until the other girl reached out to me asking if I'd been talking to him. I said yes, and hanging out everyday. She was like wtf him and I hung out on Sunday and Monday. I confronted him and he admitted to seeing her.I told him on Thursday I didn't want anything to do with him anymore and to go away. He shows up at my school with flowers (knowing where I park and what time I get out). He begs me to just go to dinner and I obliged and said JUST a quick dinner. He offered to drive and I was like okay. So he parks in my neighborhood after he follows me home to park my car and for me to grab a jacket. In the car, he is crying and BEGGING me to give him another chance and I'm just super cold and said no. As soon as I said it, he FLOORS it out of my neighborhood at a ridiculous speed, and I'm like "oh shit". I've never seen his face/demeanor turn like that.So basically, every time I said "no, I do not want to be with you/please take me home", he presses down his gas pedal on the freeway to about 100+ mph to scare me. We then stopped at the mall to go eat, and I said "no Im calling my friend to take me home". He follows me around the parking lot shouting at my from the window to get in the car. I say NO...then he says "okay okay I'll just take you home". Then I get in (like an idiot believing him), and he's like "PSYCHE, you're stuck with me forever". At this point, I text my mom that I love her because I didnt know what he was capable of. He goes on and on about wanting me and needing me forever and threatens to take me to Los Angeles since he has a full tank of gas. Then once again...everytime I say NO, I DON'T WANT TO BE WITH YOU, he says "i'll just leave you somewhere and you can find your way home."In the end, I agreed to be with him only to get home safe...and I did after 3 hours of pure torture of him driving erratically and crying that he will never let me go. He still insisted on face timing when he got home that night, which I did because I didn't want him coming back to my house. He's extremely controlling and possessive of me saying he needs me and will commit suicide if i leave him (even though HE HAS a side chick and constantly blames ME for his issues). My therapist said that he basically kidnapped me, and if this ever happens again, I should call 911.I blocked him, and threatened him with a restraining order yesterday and he finally hasn't contacted me. Day 1.Thank you for letting me vent out this story and reading this. Brownie points for you if you got to the end :)EDIT: just found out the other girl is pregnant with his baby. LOL
Hi guys,Sunday I am going to have a skype-conversation with my (21F) rapist (24M) ( I know it sounds stupid! and sometimes I think I am, but) I want to hear his reasons and thoughts and record it ( he's fine with that), so I can hear it back at any time instead of having to read e-mails and everything to get a glimpse of why I am not the fault - do you get what I''m saying?what are some 'ground rules'/ tips you got for me and what should I ask him? I'm really nervous and every time I think about it I get really nauseous and dizzy, but I think it's good for me to do.I want to record this conversation so I can listen it back on times when I feel that I did something wrong and feel depressed, and I want this all to be over. I still have flashbacks and nightmares every night ( it happened roughly two and a half years ago), I don't want to think of him, so I hope when I see him and hear his story, I can let it go and get rest.If you have ANY tips/ suggestions - TELL ME! Love,Dawnps) also, if you know other ways to get closure/ acceptance etc: let me know! **EDIT: I have done EMDR already- I'm with a psychologist and a psychiatrist ( I'm taking Wellbutrin/Brupropion XR 150) They all told me not to do it, and the people I ask on here tell me the same. I'm wrecking my brain to figure out what to do. the EMDR did only so much - I f I stop the medication I won't sleep and have nightmares and flashbacks again - and I'm just done with this shit. I REALLY don't know an other way then to start with the person who did this shit. My step-mother told me to do a 'ritual' and burn stuff, but I'm still too busy with everything... So I know it is not my fault (most of the time), but how could he do that? HOW? I know I am naive, and I want people to have a 3rd/4th/5th chance, I want to believe in the good-side of people, even this person. Did I deserve it? I already was the shy-girl, the girl who stayed inside and was afraid of people, but now... I can't even go outside without my boyfriend ( whom I'm living with) most of the time. I'm really afraid of men. How do I know they won't attack me when I just walk down the street? My Ex-boyfriend fucking raped me while we were friends- while we were watching movies together once a week or so... I trusted him. Why would I ever trust anyone again?****Gah, I'm sorry! I just... this is my brain. This is what I think mostly all of the time, maybe it will clear up my story****I love you guys, Thanks, you are awesome!!!! :)**
I usually ignore my abuse. I like to think it doesn't effect me. But, every once in a blue moon (aka, very rarely) I get the urge to just TELL all the sordid details. Naturally, the person I most want to tell is my significant other. The problem is that I feel that doing so is... being dramatic? Asking for attention that I may not even want? And, him being a very typical male, causing issues because he'll feel he needs to DO something about it.It's like I want to be able to say it all without a reaction. I just want him to know as if that validates me somehow... I don't know. Does anyone else really NOT talk about their abuse ever? What do you do when the dam wants to burst? I know he loves me and would listen... but I can't shake that there is no point to it so I must just be doing it for a pity party. :/
I'm 28, and I finally had sex for the first time. It was great, but I'm finding vestiges from my sexual abuse in my thinking.I was molested once at 6 by a family friend, then twice around 9 by a different family friend. I became very withdrawn and gained weight due to a desire to stay safe in my house instead of out playing. I think I also gained weight in hopes that it would protect me from predators. Since I've gotten older, and especially with this first p-in-v sex experience, I've noticed that sex is highly tied to my self-worth. If a man likes me and wants a relationship, then we'll have sex. Even now, I cannot seem to get it through my head that plenty of people have sex without emotional attachment, but I believe that my abuse has connected these things for me. I hate, hate, hate my body and myself, so I can't imagine a guy wanting me physically without also wanting me emotionally. This isn't and hasn't happened, though, so it's a mindset I'd like to change so that I can give myself freedom. I've also found that I like dominance and kink, but that I have no problem with, as it's tied to my need to feel protected, safe, and at the hands of someone I can trust. I see a therapist, although I honestly need a better one that I can't afford right now, and I'm generally too uncomfortable to talk about these things with other people. I know I need to talk through the abuse, because it has affected me far more than I gave it credit for as a kid, but I am very private, and it's very hard to discuss. It fascinates and scares me that these things are connected, and I think it's good to figure some of this out now before a relationship than in the thick of one. 
 ‘The Lord is slow to anger and abounding in steadfast love, forgiving iniquity and transgression to those who are repentant, but he will by no means clear the guilty, visiting the iniquity of the fathers on the children, to the third and the fourth generation.’ ~Numbers 14:18My earliest memories are filled with feelings of love, safety, security, and happiness. The first time I lost those feelings was during a fight to end all fights between my parents when I was 3. The choices that were made in the breaking of commitments and vows was my first traumatic event and caused a ripple effect of events throughout my life. From then on we were living in survival mode. Out of desperation, my mother turned to her family. This was my first encounter with the mental illness and twisted secrets of her childhood that were now going to bleed into mine. Every time my mother went home to her parents or married another man to 'save' her I was forced to experience a series of social, physiological, emotional, and spiritual abuses, such as these...I consider myself part of the lucky ones (those who are these statistics).According to Psychology Today: In addition to the choices they make, many divorced fathers are devalued, disparaged, and forcefully disengaged from their children’s lives. Researchers have found that for children, the results are nothing short of disastrous, along a number of dimensions: -children’s diminished self-concept, and compromised physical and emotional security (children consistently report feeling abandoned when their fathers are not involved in their lives, struggling with their emotions and episodic bouts of self-loathing)-behavioral problems (fatherless children have more difficulties with social adjustment, and are more likely to report problems with friendships, and manifest behavior problems; many develop a swaggering, intimidating persona in an attempt to disguise their underlying fears, resentments, anxieties and unhappiness)-truancy and poor academic performance (71 per cent of high school dropouts are fatherless; fatherless children have more trouble academically, scoring poorly on tests of reading, mathematics, and thinking skills; children from father absent homes are more likely to play truant from school, more likely to be excluded from school, more likely to leave school at age 16, and less likely to attain academic and professional qualifications in adulthood)-delinquency and youth crime, including violent crime (85 per cent of youth in prison have an absent father; fatherless children are more likely to offend and go to jail as adults)-promiscuity and teen pregnancy (fatherless children are more likely to experience problems with sexual health, including a greater likelihood of having intercourse before the age of 16, foregoing contraception during first intercourse, becoming teenage parents, and contracting sexually transmitted infection; girls manifest an object hunger for males, and in experiencing the emotional loss of their fathers egocentrically as a rejection of them, become susceptible to exploitation by adult men)-drug and alcohol abuse (fatherless children are more likely to smoke, drink alcohol, and abuse drugs in childhood and adulthood)-homelessness (90 per cent of runaway children have an absent father or children experience homelessness because of the single parents ability to provide)-exploitation and abuse (fatherless children are at greater risk of suffering physical, emotional, and sexual abuse, being five times more likely to have experienced physical abuse and emotional maltreatment, with a one hundred times higher risk of fatal abuse; a recent study reported that preschoolers not living with both of their biological parents are 40 times more likely to be sexually abused)-physical health problems (fatherless children report significantly more psychosomatic health symptoms and illness such as acute and chronic pain, asthma, headaches, and stomach aches)-mental health disorders (father absent children are consistently overrepresented on a wide range of mental health problems, particularly anxiety, depression and suicide)-life chances (as adults, fatherless children are more likely to experience unemployment, have low incomes, remain on social assistance, and experience homelessness)-future relationships (father absent children tend to enter partnerships earlier, are more likely to divorce or dissolve their cohabiting unions, and are more likely to have children outside marriage or outside any partnership)-mortality (fatherless children are more likely to die as children, and live an average of four years less over the life span) (father-absence) I must say that these concepts apply to absent mothers as well. It seems to compound these problems when the parent/s is absent by choice, at least perceived that way by the child. Responsible parenthood involves commitment, self-sacrifice, integrity, and unconditional love. Responsible parents are concerned with the well-being of their children, and their desire is to see their children succeed in all areas of life. A 2007 study by the University of Guelph on The Effects of Father Involvement gives compelling evidence of the positive and negative outcomes in the lives of their children. It specifically mentions how when children grow-up with their biological parents in a solid father-mother relationship the children thrive in their individual development. However, when either the mother and/or father is uninvolved, whether in a relationship with each other or not, the children have an increase in all aspects of developmental issues. The development of their children are also indirectly effected by how the father and mother treat each other. If in an abusive relationship the parents develop added stressors that debilitate her effectiveness for positive parenting. The study also shows evidence that mothers tend to be the gatekeepers in a fathers involvement with his children. "...maternal gatekeeping was significantly, and negatively associated with the amount of father involvement. In addition, father competence was indirectly and directly linked to the amounts of maternal gatekeeping and father involvement with children with gatekeeping mediating the relationship between father competence and involvement."(Effects_of_Father_Involvement)The minority of parents out there who are successful in raising up whole, well adjusted individuals are the ones who have centered the foundation of their family on these principles:Husband and wife have a solemn responsibility to love and care for each other and for their children. “Children are an heritage of the Lord” (Psalm 127:3). Parents have a sacred duty to rear their children in love and righteousness, to provide for their physical and spiritual needs, and to teach them to love and serve one another, observe the commandments of God, and be law-abiding citizens wherever they live. Husbands and wives—mothers and fathers—will be held accountable before God for the discharge of these obligations.The family is ordained of God. Marriage between man and woman is essential to His eternal plan. Children are entitled to birth within the bonds of matrimony, and to be reared by a father and a mother who honor marital vows with complete fidelity. Happiness in family life is most likely to be achieved when founded upon the teachings (unconditional love) of the Lord Jesus Christ. Successful marriages and families are established and maintained on principles of faith, prayer, repentance, forgiveness, respect, love, compassion, work, and wholesome recreational activities. By divine design, fathers are to preside over their families in love and righteousness and are responsible to provide the necessities of life and protection for their families. Mothers are primarily responsible for the nurture of their children. In these sacred responsibilities, fathers and mothers are obligated to help one another as equal partners. Disability, death, or other circumstances may necessitate individual adaptation. Extended families should lend support when needed. (family-proclamation) Some will argue about the existence of a God who could allow such atrocities in our lives. The thing we don't consider is that part of our mortal learning experience is that we are given free agency. He warns us that our iniquities will effect our children for generations. If each generation has their own iniquities (i.e. dysfunction, abuses, sins) the cycle compounds and continues until finally someone figures out the problem and stops the cycle. The choices parents make in what kind of spouse they are, their commitment to their marriage, how they treat each other, how they fosters their relationships inside and outside of the family unit, their involvement and ability to be a productive member of their families and society all effects the cognitive, social, physiological, emotional, and spiritual development of their children. The deterioration of the family unit is a global crisis that effects the core values and development of our communities and cultures. I call for a plea to all fathers and mothers to take a stand and stop the cycle of creating broken children who become broken parents who create more broken children. Look around you. The world is broken and this is why.
My husband and counselor suggest that I find a place to talk or to vent with other survivors of abuse. I was raped by a friend of the family about 11 years ago. For a long time, I didn't tell any one because a threat of harm by the guy. When getting married in 2010, I started to have flashbacks and remembering what happen that night. In the past year I have finally diagnosed with PTSD - which has help a lot. Just looking for people who have been in situations like mine.  
I'm not much of a writer, but sometimes words come to me when I'm dealing with something incredibly upsetting.  I always write them down, because it is such a cathartic experience, seeing my pain laid out in words.This particular time was about two months after I had finally gotten the courage to leave my abuser. I was just laying in bed, thinking about all I had endured and the words just came to me.I'm not saying it's good writing, by any means, but I shared it with other individuals who had gone through abusive relationships, and they said it summed up their experience as well, and kind of helped them to reclaim themselves.I've been looking for a place to share it here on reddit for a long time, and though it may be an unusual post, I think this the place.Without further ado, here is my spoken word poem, entitled **Dinner**:My boyfriend would take me out to dinner.I had thought he was such a winner as I watched his wallet grow thinner to feed me, clothe me, keep me entertained and interested.Anything I said I needed, he would buy- doting on me.I thought I was just so lucky that he wanted me and not someone more pretty.But then things got seedy.He wasn't there when I needed, wouldn't even come when I pleaded with him, but he would feed on my distress, subtly.The instant I said I could take no more of his coldness and distance, the warmth would rush back as if it had always existed and in a big romantic gesture he would say that he’s so sorry-.. and then take me out to dinner.And I thought it was so sweet because he *bought* me things.But what he brought to me was a poison much stronger than I had thought, because when he would talk, it would be about insulting me or belittling my dreams and feelings.Never once did I hear a word of encouragement or feel any sort of nourishment from him, because everything was always my fault and I was worthless, loose, unpretty-.. but then it hit me.I hadn’t done anything but love and live and give him all I had to give,while he would tell me it wasn’t good enough and that I had to earn his trust while he slept with other broads to equalize our numbers,while I had to hide from my best friends, who, yes, are men, because HE didn’t want me to break any of the laws he imposed on my woed and weary mind after he left me on Christmas!It’s finally gotten through to me that I am not the one who was flawed,in fact I am shocked and awed at the capacity my mind has for fooling itself. It was temporary insanity, I should have sought some help, but I didn’t.And now I’m here, two years since he bought me dinner, probably looking thinner than I had because that “winner” was such a tax on me that I couldn’t keep my meals in.And that’s where you come in.I’m here to warn you, not of hellfire and sin, but of the thin disguise that many guys will use to hide the subtle truths of their abuse.They’ll call it love and infatuationbut any relationship where you’re trapped or can’t act for yourself is lie. Don’t close your own eyes to this.It can take many forms, some obvious, some hidden,but you know if you've ridden that roller coaster that it is so dangerously far from the norm.So be warned.And don’t be fooled by some man you may think is a winnerbut doesn't love you-just takes you out to dinner.
hahahahahha my facebook feed is filled with 'my siblings are so gr8' posts. bad memories are coming back about my brother and so much guilt. so much guilt. edit: background -my brother was physically and emotionally abusive.
I released a podcast episode this week where my guest talks about the things she's done to go from a victim of violence and sexual assault to being an empowered survivor today who helps other survivors. We talk about feeling alive rather than just surviving; how you can reclaim your voice and find justice through helping others heal; and a type of justice called restorative justice. You can check it out below if you'd like. Thanks!http://thegrassgetsgreener.com/creating-community-healing-empowerment/
Hi everyone, first time poster but long time lurker. I've had this thought for a while and I wanted to share it with you all. I hope this doesn't offend anyone or it's the wrong place to write this stuff but I'm new at this. This is literally my second post ever. Anyway, here is goes:A lot of people say that "let it go," the awesome song from Frozen, is a great anthem for gay people coming out and announcing their right to be here. Beautiful message, but I would have to disagree that this is a song for gay people. It's not. As far as I'm concerned this is a song for survivors of sexual abuse.Specifically those who were hurt by someone in power (a family bread-winner or a politician) and then it is THEIR responsibility to keep the secret and to protect the status quo. Like that part in the Rick and Morty show where Morty was attacked in the bathroom by Mr. Jellybean. And after  aides realize the truth they destroy the evidence that proved their leader was a monster. "Our people will get more out of the IDEA of him, rather than the Jellybean he really was."This is a ghost that victims of abuse have in them."Conceal, don't feel. Don't let them know."And that's why I say to these many, LET IT [the ghost] GO.They keep it in, Heaven knows they try. Even in our modern society we still have a hard time helping these people. Many still legitimately blame rape victims. And if your aggressor is someone like Bill Cosby, someone many people look to as an idol, the questions and accusations of making it up will bombard the victim. Who would want to voluntarily walk into such a shitstorm?And then I say, "Let the [shit]storm rage on!"They can't hold you back anymore. Let it [the secret] go. And when they bombard you with explanations, proof, accusations, turn away and slam the door. Don't care at all what they say, let the shitstorm rage on. The perfect lie is gone.The point is, here you stand in the light of day. You deserve to live in a world where people don't take advantage of you for their own selfish, spoiled needs. By coming out, letting it go, you are turning the burden on THEM to change.And that's why you will rise like the break of dawn. You will be free.
Hi! I am a mod here, but I'll give a bit of information. I have Bipolar I, among other things. I was diagnosed about 2 (or is it 3 now?) years ago. I recently graduated with my BA in Psychology. Both my mother (49) and daughter (7) have also been diagnosed Bipolar I. I have suicidal ideation regularly, and have attempted before. I have a friend who works for my county mental health office. Specifically, she works in suicide prevention. She started a mental health blog a few months ago, and I decided to help out. It has been very therapeutic for me to write about my experiences.Please consider checking out the blog, posting about your experiences. I posted this as a text post because I am not looking for karma or anything, just trying to help the community.[Here is the link, if you are interested](http://mhsparc.blogspot.com/). I am Nikki K.
I had coffee with my father who abused me when I was younger, I do this for Easter and Christmas I don't know why I think its just trying to feign some sense of normalcy. Yesterday I payed for it, I got so so angry for no reason I raged around the house and at my kids for a few hours until the need to hurt myself passed. I hate that this happens and I hate that every thing happened I hate that I feel this way and now I take my anger out on my girls which is just creating a new cycle . 
[Here](https://docs.google.com/a/qchs.ca/forms/d/117ajfkMwu_C-Zj2bVwn75bEttYSa77SybEdnXfsIXC8/viewform) is a link to my survey! All responses are completely ANONYMOUS! Thank-you for your time!Also posted on r/traumaticchildhood and r/abuse
The biggest issue I still face from my dysfunctional childhood is the anger I harbor towards my parents. From the time my parents divorced when I was 4yrs old I was living in survival mode. My little brother and I were dragged from state to state, through abusive, dysfunctional marriage after marriage. I stayed in that 'survival' state of mind throughout my first marriage. At first I was happy and in love, we were pregnant with a honeymoon baby and then reality set in. He had violated our vows. His medical issues were debilitating. The more I tried the more I resented Him for not trying. I had now where else to go. I determined to stay and fight to make it work for my baby. But, I was the only one fighting for my family.  It first hit me when my daughter was born. That is when I had my first real trigger, when I went into labor with her on the birthday of one of my abusers. I was trying so hard to NOT be in labor, but I had no control. The pain of labor was causing flashbacks of the horrible pain I endured when my virginity was stolen from me. Then I had to find the strength to save by distressed baby's life.  After a traumatic birth, I felt so alone. I couldn't stop crying. Three days after I got home I couldn't walk. The only thing that kept me going was that I had a new born and a toddler who completely depended on me. Where was their father? Mostly passed out somewhere. I vowed from then on to never again depend on anyone and put up a wall of anger. The anger began drowning me.  I progressively had the trauma of my abusive childhood manifest in many different ways until it got to the point of destruction and I left my marriage. At that point I was just SO ANGRY. I was angry at my stressful failed marriage, at God, at my parents, at myself, and the twisted sickness that had violated me. I stopped eating. I started having self harming behaviors like heavy drinking, promiscuity, getting involved with manipulative, dysfunctional people who would hurt me. I hated myself. I wanted to be an ugly person, maybe people would stay away, so they couldn't hurt me, so I could feel safe. At the same time I was desperately lonely. My demons were waging war for my soul and I was loosing.  The focus of my anger turned towards my parents. Many of the questions that I had toward my parents during this time were: "Why did you go back to the guy who hurt us?" "Why did you choose not to believe me?" "How, as a mother/father, could you make decisions that put me in harms way?" "Why didn't you keep me safe?" "How could you not tell that something was wrong with me?" "Didn't you love me?" "Why am I not enough?" "Why am I not worthy?" was the ultimate question. It brings forth feelings of low self worth. In every aspect of my adult life I struggled with the core belief that I was not enough for someone to truly love. I wasn't worthy of better. I wasn't enough to fight for. I had already been through worse. What did it matter if I was treated badly or ignored or cheated on. I wasn't a good enough housekeeper, employee, wife, mother, or friend no matter how hard I tried. I wasn't enough for someone to look behind my destructive behavior resulting from my PTSD, to the scared girl who never felt safe, who just wanted to be...worthy. I knew that I need to figure out how to win this war or my children were going to become casualties to it. Like I was in my Mothers war. I was NOT going to make the same mistakes. I determined I had to figure out how to be happy. I knew to do that I had to figure out how to love myself.  Part of figuring out how to love myself was to set myself boundaries. You have the right to maintain whatever boundaries you feel safe with in regard to your relationships with anyone including your parents. Don't feel guilty about it. I personally haven't let my abusive parent be apart of my life for over 12 years now. My other parent I rarely talk to. Part of my boundaries is were I have a hard time trusting people at first. However, I eventually do trust after they have earned it. And that's okay, because the ones who have earned it are the ones who are my chosen family.  The next part in loving myself was talking about it, telling my story. Talking about it could get me so angry that I would shake violently. But this is exactly what I needed to do. I have learned how the stress of trauma is stored in the body and that shaking is the bodies way of letting go of that stored stress. This is why it is so important for victims of trauma to be allowed to find their voice and talk about it and be able to physically work it out in a healthy way. According to Dr. David Berceli:Every trauma, whether it occurs in a physiological, cognitive, emotional or interpersonal form, affects the physical body.  The healing of trauma begins in the body.  Since the body is the accurate history of our experiences in life, it is essential that we include the body in the healing process. Trauma causes very deep muscle contraction designed to protect the body from harm or possible death during a traumatic episode. The contraction in these muscles must be released in order to restore the body back to its relaxed state and prevent the development of physical pain and constrictions. Once the trauma is over, the body’s nervous system is designed to literally shake out this deep muscular tension and help the body return to its normal state.  This shaking or tremoring, evoked by the nervous system much the same way as we experience during fear or anxiety, signals the brain to release the contraction and return to a normal state of relaxation.You can read more about this here http://www.bercelifoundation.org/s/1340/aff_2_interior.aspx?sid=1340&gid=1&pgid=403 . (I guess this means when I can finally tell my story with out shaking my PTSD will be cured. One can only hope.) I now find myself able to recognize when my anger is needing to be released. It's kind of like the pressure that builds up when you shake a bottle of soda pop. If you let the pressure release slowly the bottle won't explode. To keep from exploding I allow myself a time-out at least once a week. I go somewhere to be alone and let myself be angry in non-destructive ways. I scream, cry, hit something, shake while talking about it with a safe person, squeeze the life out of a newspaper, run, lift weights, throw a baseball, or my favorite I go to the gun range and shoot something. This release of pressure helps let me be the happy mother, wife, sister and friend that I want my loved ones to have.
Anybody heard the illustration about the frog in hot water?If you try to put a frog in a pan of water that's already boiling, it's  naturally going to hop right out. But if you start with comfortable water, and gradually increase the temperature until it's dangerously hot, by the time the frog realizes it's in danger, it's too weak to hop out.So many times, after we get out of a situation, we can look back and see that the signs were there. We didn't want to see them. We were kidding ourselves, or rationalizing.The very first argument I ever had with my ex-husband was over what I should order for breakfast. I was the one paying for it. But I wasn't ordering what he thought I should order, and he was very angry about it. We were still dating. That should have been the last I ever saw of him, right there.But it wasn't.What signs did you miss? What signs did you catch in time?
Background: I was molested for 7 years as a child. I went to therapy at the time, and it helped a lot. Now, I'm about to get married, and so many trust issues are coming up. Because of this, I have a new focus on my past abuse and am determined to not let it rule my life.Now: I have been reading a lot of books and doing a lot of directed writing. As a result, I am carrying the abuse more clearly than ever.I have already told three people (while drunk) about what happened to me. I guess I just want to put it out there.Question: have you ever come out to friends who do know your past? Should I just accept the fact that I need to tell the people I care about? I don't want them to do anything or fix anything, I just feel like I have always shown a fake side.Hope it makes sence, and the spelling isn't too bad... I'm on mobile.  
They're still almost a year later trying to hide what I came out about that happened 13ish years ago where a cousin raped me. I'm not ashamed anymore because I did nothing wrong and actually believe it now. I made mistakes by not speaking out then but I was a teenager that was told she'd be killed if she spoke out. My father's abuse set me up to believe every threat issued to me. My mom means well but screws up occasionally but trying to tell me to not tell certain people because age or health but now I'm hearing that she and my aunt (cousin's mom) are together in not wanting it to be told. Specifically they don't want me to tell my great uncle that's a priest. He knows something happened to me and that a family member did it. He's the last remaining biological tie(?) My mom and one aunt have to their biological mother, she died when my mom was 9 months old. I know my uncle will tear my aunt a new one over this and I'm certain that's why they don't want me to tell. I want to because he deserves the truth, not a sugar bubble that everyone is perfect just because he's old. I know what I want and need. I don't understand why my family is still trying to hide it. I don't even think my other 2 aunts know (their mom was who I knew as grandma). It all makes me feel like I should still be ashamed and he shouldn't, very biblical so to speak. I'm not religious btw but was raised catholic. Ugh, family!
I creep in here on this account. I post in it on a throwaway or two. I am posting on this account now, because of the reason I am posting, I won't be anonymous anymore. A choice I had to make.**First I'd like to open with, I checked the mods about posting this, they were fine with it.** I debated with posting this because of my issues with self-worth, and if I should really be asking anyone (on the internet) for help.First my story:http://www.reddit.com/r/survivorsofabuse/comments/29y5ht/probably_has_triggersmy_story/Warning: I was in an emotionally charge state at the time I wrote that, and probably has triggers in it somewhere, read at your own risk.Second:I live paycheck to paycheck. I have debts that haven't been paid, because my rent takes priority, as does medication and other such things. I haven't bought groceries in two weeks, a friend bought me some two weeks ago, and my mother just bought me three weeks worth. But I have this incessant hatred of my last name. It reminds me of my neglect and abuse. People have told me to just "change what it means to you" but...well if I could do that I could just forget everything that happened to me. And I just need the reminder gone.I'm posting this here because just posting it to my facebook friends and family won't cut it.I need to change my last name. It reminds me of her, everyday. I hate hearing it, I hate seeing it, I hate it.So I started a gofundme...GoFundMe... Go Fund Me? However you should write it.I need $370 to change my name (probably a little more with getting fingerprints as is required in my state, maybe taxes or some shit, I don't know etc.)http://www.gofundme.com/q2a9tkIf you can donate, thank you. If you can't or don't want too....just thank you for reading. P.S. I'd like to mention giving up my anonymity on here does not put me in any danger.
Hey all. Starting as early as I can remember up until age 10 when I moved I would go to the same doctor for routine check-ups about twice a year or so.  Every time I was there, I would go into the room alone with the doctor and he would check my heart rate, putting his hand on my back, on my stomach, then on each breast.  After that he would tell me to pull my pants and underwear down. He would wash his hands and put on gloves. I remember once he said "Wow! That was really fast! Good job" to me pulling down my pants. I guess I was used to the routine. He would proceed to insert his fucking ice cold gloved fingers into me and feel around for a while before telling me to get dressed and sending me on my way. I can still imagine it like it was yesterday.All throughout my childhood I just assumed that this was normal. It happened at every doctor's visit, after all. It was only with that one doctor, though. However, after talking to my friends about it once I got into middle school (I'm 21 now), I realized that this happened to NO ONE ELSE that I knew.  I remember once, after we moved, we were on our way to the new doctor and my sister said "is this doctor going to rape us like doctor _____?!" and my mom slammed the brakes of the car and yelled at her, saying to never ever talk like that again and that he was a great doctor and would never do anything like that.  I am puzzled and hurt. Has anyone else experienced this? Is there something a parent can do to knowingly allow the doctor to do this to their children even without any complaints of pain down there from the child?   I'm not sure what to do. I do not want to bring this up to my therapist because he forced me to report a different case of sexual abuse I experienced when I was a minor. I do not want to forced into reporting anything when I am still unsure of what was really going on. Talking to my mom about it is not an option.  So my question is this: Was this abuse?  Edit: A couple of years ago I googled him and found him to still be in practice. I was disgusted. I just looked him up again and found his relatively recent obituary. I am even more disgusted. I want to fucking scream
Saw this sub and thought it might be a helpful post here - and perhaps someone here has input for me. Thanks.[Original Post](http://www.reddit.com/r/mentalhealth/comments/30yemj/i_forgot_what_my_story_of_being_sexually_abused/)
I don't want to make this post too long so I'm going to give highlights of my story, just ask if you want to know more. My brother who is four years older than me used to molest me, perform oral sex on me and force me to touch him when I was 13 and 14. The only reason it stopped is because he went away to the military when he was 18. I blocked out the memories of this happening until I was 17. One day when I was sitting in class it all came back to me and I started hysterically crying and was sent to see the school social worker. She convinced me to press charges against him, so the police became involved. Unfortunately since it happened so long ago, there  was no physical evidence and nothing could be done. I've seen dozens of therapists over the years and am currently in therapy now. The hardest thing for me to deal with is that my parent's maintain a relationship with my brother despite the terrible things that he did. For the most part, my parents and I have had a great relationship. But I'm finding it harder and harder to even be around them. At times, I hate them for continuing to talk to the person that did such awful things to me. I'm also angry at them for not noticing that he was abusing  me when we were kids. Often, I won't attend family events because seeing my brother causes so much anxiety and anger for me.How do other people deal with this? Do you still have a relationship with your parents?
i'm just going to put this here as a way to vent by getting my story out. i just want to tell someone to get this off my chest i guess and i dont have anyone i can trust telling right now. warning for pedophilliai'd like to start this out saying im 18 now, but this all started when i had just turned 13. i used to be really into tumblr and the whole 'fandom' type thing, being extremely into a certain webcomic you can probably guess. now i was the extreme definition of the embarrassing fangirl. squealing about 'SHIPPING!!' and 'YAOIZ!!!' and all that.in my town (which is a big city, actually) a group had formed, a fangroup where everyone who was a fan could meet up, cosplay, hang out and talk about the webcomic for a while. i was nervous the first time i went to a meetup, but being young and naive, i decided to get involved and talk to the leaders of the group anyways, to try to become friends.this is where i met Her. She was a main leader of the group, and she was the typical over-the-top, sweet, nice person everyone wanted to be friends with. when we would talk, She would rub my shoulders, and run her hands down my back, one time even touching my ass. for some reason it didn't strike me as odd, since there were a ton of 'touch the booty' jokes going on in the fandom at this time. basically, i was still naive as hell.She eventually got more and more forward. She asked me for my tumblr, my facebook, my phone number. being 'friends', i agreed, though i really knew nothing but her name. whenever she would talk to me after that, whether it be on facebook or via text, she would always only talk about how cute i was, how little i was. looking back on it, it was really, REALLY creepy. she kept addressing me as a little kid (which pissed me off, i liked to think i was a mature) and would treat me as if i were a child, and then continue to say how cute she thought i was.She started buying me gifts, merchandise i wanted and clothing and expensive things i couldnt afford. she even sent them to my address. i have no idea how she got my address.finally, one day She asked me to go on a date with her. being 13, i had never really dated anyone before. plus, we were both girls, and i had never thought of dating a girl before. i hesitantly said yes, because she bought me all these gifts, and being young and inexperienced, i didn't want to be "rude" by saying no after all she had 'done for me'.she took me to the mall, buying me more clothes and gifts. at the end of the day, she pulled me into one of those alleyways where they hide the bathrooms and shoved me against a wall, kissing me without my permission. she kept trying to feel me up. i remember her shoving her tongue in my mouth, and me being so scared i was just frozen in fear. when she pulled away i pretended to check my phone, told her my mom was here, and that i should go. she hugged me goodbye before i left, calling my mom to pick me up and crying the whole time while waiting for her.i don't know why i didn't tell my mom. i was mostly afraid of her getting mad at me fore 'being a lesbian' or something. i didn't even want to go on the date in the first place.afterwards, She kept messaging me on facebook and over text. she kept asking me to come over, how she wanted to see me in bed, that her parents werent home so i could come over and we could have fun together. i always said no. she said she would come over to my house one day, which freaked me out to no end, because she had my address already from getting me all the gifts.she kept asking me for sex, so finally one day i gave in and was going to agree just so she would leave me alone. (i was desperate for her to leave me alone.) out of curiosity, i asked her how old she was (i assumed she was young, she had a very young-looking face), and i'll always remember her response."i'm only 18, don't worry. uwu"13 vs 18? that's five years, and a pretty big age difference at that age. i started to panic, telling her i was dealing with a lot of stuff at school and that i couldn't date her anymore. she backed off, still trying to coerce me into doing things with her for a month before leaving for good.after this is experience i never went back to the meetups. i stopped being social, staying at home because i didn't want to run into her again.a few years passed, and i found out this had happened to other people in the group, all of which were underage. as i researched more, i found out she had lied about her age to me, just as she had lied to others.she was 25 when i was 13.i immediately told my counselor at school the whole story, and she brought in the cops. they couldn't find her. i guess she had given me a fake name of some sort, and after a few months of investigation, we closed the case.TLDR; leader of cosplay/fandom group in my town bought me gifts to make me go out with her, forced me to make out with her in a public mall and molested me, then tried to get me to have sex with her. told me she was 18 when i was 14, was really 26 and ten years older than me. police got involved but didn't do shit.i don't know, i just want to get this off my chest. i want to tell someone. bluh. sorry this is so long i just want to tell someone my story so i can at least get a little bit of validation ? or so someone can tell me ill be okay. i don't know. sorry if this breaks the rules or something i was going to post this on /r/letsnotmeet but here seems more fitting;;;
I can't sleep and I just need to vent. Things in my life are going pretty good, except for my mood and my consistent reminders of what happened to me.I left my abusive parents a couple of years ago. They physically abused me and my mother sexually did. I've cut off all contact with them. The friends that I used to have at the time decided to go to my parents and tell them shit about me because apparently they thought I was lying (cut them off too because I don't need that shit in my life). So, I have a lot of trust issues that have led me to isolate myself a lot of the time. It's making my depression worse, but I don't know how to trust most people or if it's even worth it.I'm a survivor with a therapist and a bunch of super supportive people now. But I still feel fucking awful most of the time. When there aren't flashbacks from my ptsd, there's lying in bed frozen thinking about what my parents did to me, the nightmares, the unexpected breakdowns after I've had a decent day, the depression, or the panic attacks.Not really looking for advice, I just want some encouragement.
I'm not sure where to start, but in high school my senior year, I dated this guy who I had a crush on all through school. I was head over heels in love and I was convinced he was too! He broke up with me after graduation, I found out he had been using me just to have a girlfriend, had never intended to stay together like he had assured me all year, and had lied to me all year. After, I felt so used and hurt and all I felt was anger, because I blamed myself for not realizing. Our relationship was far from perfect, and in hindsight I can see the emotional abuse that he put me through. We never had sex, but we did everything but. He was very conservative Christian, from a very male dominated church, and the day after we would do anything physical he would place the blame on me and say that we should never do that again, but the next time I would go over to his house he would initiate things and would pressure me until I would. I changed my entire personality for him, I became very submissive and lost friends. After he broke up with me, he literally blocked me off of every social media site and we haven't spoken since that day. I never really got any closure, just mutual friends letting me in on what his real agenda had been. Looking back, I wonder if that was an abusive relationship. After we broke up, I met my current boyfriend, now of three years, and when we first started dating I was so hesitant to start anything physical, and would feel terrible when we did. I told him everything that happened when I finally could admit it a few months later, and it helped me move on and I no longer feel bad about sexual intimacy,  but I still think about that relationship often, not because I miss it but because I'm not sure why I feel almost traumatized by it. I've thought about going to a therapist, but I really just need someone to tell me I'm justified in feeling violated and emotionally taken advantage of years later. I was never raped or at the time feeling like I was abused, but after learning about signs of abuse, that relationship is like a textbook example to me. I guess what my point is, I just need someone to tell me if I'm justified in feeling like that relationship was abusive and if so, how to begin to move on.
Deep breath.Feeling horribly out of control today. My abusive ex has attempted to facebook friend me which sounds stupid to even cause an anxiety attack. This is the first contact of any kind that we have had in about 15 years. I have not even seen him in person for 18 years. I have no one I can really talk to about this. I no longer have close friends and I don't want to bring this up with my husband. I'm afraid either he won't understand or he will judge me. I'm so tired of carrying this horrible weight on my own. I want help. I wish I could afford therapy or had some close friend I could confide in. I feel like it's a poison in me that won't run it's course. It's just rotting me away from the inside. I suffered abuse before I met him and it made it easy for him to take over my life. Alienate me from everyone I knew back then and now I feel just as horrible as I did when I was sitting alone in our apartment with the realization that one day he would either kill me or I would kill myself to escape. It's funny how simple something like a facebook request can bring back the fear, the anxiety, the overwhelming dread. My hands are shaking and I want to curl up and hide. I used to feel like I wasn't angry at him. He himself was horribly abused and mistreated growing up. I felt like he too was a victim. He was of course, but what he did to me was not right. We had a fairly significant age difference and he should have known better. I think he did anyway, but ignored it so he could use me as his crutch. I wish I could go back to not being angry. To that numb place where it didn't hurt and I just accepted what happened as a fact of my past instead of the most horrible time in my life. The further I pushed those things away from my thoughts, the more often they would sneak into my subconscious, into my dreams, and my every day relationships. I'm terrified to go to bed tonight. I know that I'm going to have a night terror. They've been getting worse over the years. Instead of just yelling in my sleep, I have on two occasions now sleep walked, screamed and thrashed and actually seen things that are not there with my waking eyes. I got a medical cannabis card, and have been using marijuana to help relax and it works to an extent. It seems to ease my physical symptoms. Nausea & headaches are common, and my shaking hands which I treat using the marijuana. I used to drink myself to sleep, years ago, but now I have no tolerance for alcohol which is probably a good thing. The fact that it makes me sick as hell is a good deterrent because I think it's far worse for my body than marijuana. I cannot obviously be high all the time though, I have a life and things to do and so I can only use it once the day is pretty much over. Usually this is a good thing because at night the whole day comes rushing at my mind and I can use it to slow myself down. Right now it's the middle of the afternoon and I'm struggling hard to even think straight. I don't know why seeing his stupid face threw me so hard. His name bolded in text on my screen beside his smiling profile picture. It makes me want to vomit. I'm so angry. It's not fair that my abusers are out living their lives without a care in the world and I'm here stuck in the hell inside my head and I can't get out. I'm now as physically sick on the outside as I feel on the inside and I see no light at the end of this tunnel. I am not in anyway suicidal. I'm just so tired of doing this alone. I'm posting this here because I have been reading this subreddit and related subreddits for some time and I feel like somebody would at least understand. Even if you have nothing to say to me, and you read this far. Thank you. 
My husband came home Saturday. I was relaxing in the bedroom because I felt a migraine coming on, and being in a cool, dark room helps sometimes. I could tell he was upset from the way he pulled into the driveway and that he was listening to aggressive music. He came in and instead of hanging his coat up went straight over to the computer and started typing.So I went out and said "Don't tell me, [person who works for us] screwed up the [job person does for us] again, right?"Husband says "How did you know that?"We start talking about it. And I realize that being raised in an abusive environment taught my ears to read clues to mood. I can tell by the crunch of the tires on the pavement whether you're driving calmly or not. I can tell by how fast you walk if you're worried, concerned, irritated, or pissed. I can hear all this, because when I was a kid, I needed to know when to stay out of the way of an angry parent.I can't decide if this survival skill should make me proud that I learned it to take care of myself, or just sad that I had to.
When I was very little, my parents used to hit me a lot. Sometimes, it was because I started a fight. Most of the time though, it was because of bad grades or "out-if-line" behavior.When using their hands wasn't enough, my folks got creative. First, it was a paddle. Then, it was a spatula. Sometimes, it was the rolling pin. Once, it was the gardening shovel. Another time, I believe it was a hose. My mom locked me outside once because I traveled too far on my scooter. I spent at least 30 minutes to two hours banging on the door, begging. Then, when she pulled me back it, it was a violent yanking. She then beat the everloving shit out of me, told me to always ask for permission first and never acting out of line. Regularly, she would strip me of my pants and beat me with a paddle. She did a lot of heavy hitting for grades too. That's why I'm so fucking terrified of getting Cs, Ds, and even Bs. Straight A for me.Thankfully, all of this stopped years ago.Still, to this day, I feel a horrible sense of worthlessness and self-hatred. I didn't know happiness *wasn't* a selfish thing until enough people pointed it out to me. I need to suffer on behalf of others to understand their pain.There is something a friend of mine linked to me: a condition known as "learned helplessness". I don't know how much this might correlate to my situation, but I felt like sticking it on here.The biggest problem is, my mom *did* care for me! She spent sleepless nights when I was sick, came to pick me up whenever I couldn't stay at school... I just... I don't know how I feel... It'd be one thing if I hated them outright, but I *don't!*Thank you for your time, and thank you for reading my post.TLDR: I don't know if I was abused. I don't know if this counts as abuse. I don't know...
I AM... www.mamaleonis.com
got yelled at at work today by a very mean manager. he kept telling me to ask him what i wanted to ask him, interrupted me midsentenc,e and yelled. in front of everyone.i cried uncontrollably for hours without being able to control it and coldn't regulate my voice. it's been a while and i'm mostly recovered now but other survivors...how doyou deal with thingsother people could deal with?
I am trying to decide if/when I should contact a long-term friend of mine.My friend was one of my professors in college. We became friends and rode horses together, saw movies together, met for coffee/lunch, etc. regularly. After I graduated I remained in contact with her every couple months and would see her when I came back to my college town to visit (about once a year). This went on for about 15 years.In August of 2013, I was supposed to be meeting her for breakfast, but was unable to travel at the last minute because my husband and I got into a huge argument which turned physical. I told her I was unable to make it and outlined what had happened with him. She completely freaked out on me, saying that he had abused me and I needed to get out.I didn't leave my relationship at that time (I'm married for 7 years with 3 children), but she told me she wanted to hear from me regularly because she was so worried my husband was going to kill me.. I expressed my concerns that I didn't want to burden her with my problems and ruin our friendship. She said it would not ruin our friendship - that friends don't bail on each other during these types of things, and that she was worried for me. So I did write to her regularly until May 2014. Around that time there was another incident with my husband, which I told her about. My friend then contacted my mother without my knowledge and told her she was afraid for my life, that my husband was being physically abusive again, that she thought I was depressed and suicidal because of it, and that my husband was not allowing me to get help. When I found out she had called my mom, I felt extremely betrayed and got quite angry at her, telling her I didn't need her help, or my parents help. She responded with an email that said, "I've decided I simply cannot help you anymore. And you have made it clear you don't want my, or anyone else's help. So this is goodbye. I wish you well in your life, but please don't contact me anymore."I felt like I was caught completely off-guard and I became even more depressed because of it. I sent a very sincere apology and thanked her for contacting my parents, but she did not respond. It was pretty horrible time for me. And I definitely feel true remorse for becoming angry with her.Then, in July 2014 my husband and I had another incident (a really bad one), and I called the police that time. He was arrested (and later charged and convicted). In a state of extreme upset shortly afterwards, I wrote to my friend and told her what happened and that I knew I was a terrible person for how I had treated her. She responded immediately and told me I was not a terrible person - that she had always liked me, and that she was not surprised with what had happened with my husband. She said she hoped I realized the gift of a second chance and would not squander it this time. In closing she said, "I wish you all the best in your healing process and rebuilding your life. I really do. And I can’t imagine a world where I would ever hate you - so please wipe that thought from your mind. I truly want you to have a happy productive life. But I cannot do this journey with you - you need to do it yourself."I didn't reply to her, but later that week I found out from my parents that she had called them again to make sure they knew what had transpired and that he had gone to jail. So I wrote to her one more time and thanked her for contacting my parents and told her I was so surprised at how nice and caring everyone was. She wrote back saying, "Of course we care. A lot of people love you and we all want you to have a good life. I was praying you would get another chance and voila!"So, I have not tried to contact her in any way in the 8 months since then. I have gone through an entire domestic violence group counseling program as well as seeing an individual counselor since August. My husband moved out of town for a job and I did not go with him, so we are currently living separately (he also is going through court-ordered batterers counseling). I believe my husband and I are done for good, although sometimes I still doubt and feel like running back to him.Anyway, I really have been feeling lately like I want to email her and let her know I'm doing well, say thank you for sacrificing so much time and energy for me, and tell her that I miss her. But I do not know if she was still hinting that her "don't contact me" statement was still in place, or if she was possibly leaving the door open to the future. I'm not sure if she meant she does not want to do my "healing" journey with me, or my "life" journey with me.Does anybody think it would be a bad idea to contact her (now or in the future), or should I just let it go? Does it sound like she still does not want me in her life, period, or that there may be a door open once I get my life figured out again?TL;DR Got angry at my friend for trying to get me help with my abusive marriage. She told me not to contact her again initially, but she did reply later on when I had another crisis. Don't know if I should try to reconnect or not.
 I discovered Perfume Genius a couple of years ago while watching La Blogotheque videos. I recently started listening to them again, and I found our song; Dark Parts. I love this group so much! They're coming to my area soon for Sasquatch music festival but unfortunately I can't go. Hopefully some of the people that attend the show are impacted by the music.  (warning; descriptive lyrics, very sad but very beautiful). https://youtu.be/jkCTDSIUCCI
so, with that said, i'm pretty much at the point of finding a new abuse recovery forum, because i still need a support system but being guilted for leaving abuse isn't something i'm going to put up with.i'm hoping that this forum being merely about abuse, and not abuse by mentally ill people, it's not as ableist. but it is a slower forum.still....hoping to find a new place to post. is it safe here?
I want to share my latest podcast episode, "From Rock Bottom to Becoming Who You Were Born to Be," where my guest talks about abuse she's been through in her life and how she doesn't see herself as broken. She believes that those who've been abused can be "beautifully put back together." It's really inspiring and provides hope for being able to reclaim your life after abuse. You can check it out at the link below. Thanks!http://thegrassgetsgreener.com/becoming-who-you-were-born-to-be/
Hi Guys, I just wanted to share with you what I've learned about how writing eases stress & trauma. Writing helps people to organize thoughts and give meaning to a traumatic experience. The process of writing enables us to learn to better regulate our emotions. Also writing about something fosters an intellectual process — the act of constructing a story about a traumatic event — that helps someone break free of the endless mental cycling more typical of brooding or rumination. In terms of neuroscience, the act of expressing emotions would help the emotions move from amygdala, a primitive part of brain which we have little control of and causes repetitive thinking and rumination, to move to prefrontal cortex which is responsible for higher order thinking and understanding.Also, when people open up privately about a traumatic event, they are more likely to talk with others about it — suggesting that writing leads indirectly to reaching out for social support that can aid healing.Timing also matters. A few studies have found that people who write about a traumatic event immediately after it occurs may actually feel worse after expressive writing, possibly because they are not yet ready to face it. As such, it's suggested that clinicians and patients to wait at least one or two months after a traumatic event before trying this technique.Here, I included a link that talks more about benefits of writing: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GyXrKHGzZsHope this is helpful.
I was in an emotionally/mentally abusive relationship for about 2 years. I left him in July of last year, and it took a while to realize how abusive he was. I don't want to talk about the emotional/mental abuse though because I have avenues to deal with that... but I don't have anyone to talk to about the sexual abuse. He would pressure me to have sex with him and I rarely submitted, but I did occasionally. Technically, it was consensual, but I didn't enjoy it (in fact it actually hurt me) and I only did it so that he would stop asking... but that made him ask for it more. Then after he hurt me he would cry and I would have to comfort him for hurting me... If I wanted to do an activity or attention he would demand oral at the very least. I remember myself becoming almost robotic and just going through the flow doing what he wanted until it was over...That was what all sex was like with him really. I mean... It all felt really bad and thinking about it now pains but it wasn't rape or at least I don't think it was... But then why does thinking about it hurt me so much? I guess I know I was abused sexually. I just don't know who to talk to about it. I can't talk to my family and I don't have any friends I can talk to about it... It makes me feel so much shame.I think I just need to talk about it… but that is really, really difficult because I don’t even really want to acknowledge it.
I've been having a real hard time these past few months. I was abused when I was 13, and have not spoken up about it until about a year ago. This was mostly due to conflicting emotions, something I'm still having a hard time dealing with. There are things that have happened pretty recently with my abuser that I haven't told anyone about either because of this.I'm not sure how to help myself, or if I can even be helped or fixed. I can't even think about what has happened to me without feeling dread; my heart starts to beat faster, I feel like I can't breathe, I feel like I'm dying. I feel like I'm in a speeding car and that I'm headed straight for a brick wall and the brakes don't work. I have to stop thinking about it immediately or something bad will happen. I haven't told anyone about my abuse until now because of this constant battle in my head. In fact, I was debating on what had happened to me--and what still was happening to me was abuse. I was physically abused by my brother, and that had a constant negative feeling to it. My relationship with him was not (and still is not) good, and it was straight and clear to me, even when it was happening. But my sexual abuse with another abuser feels...complicated. Muddy water, in a sense. Sometimes my father was sweet and gentle. He could be so sweet, how/why would he do certain things to me? I want to hate him so much for him for what he's done--not just the sexual abuse he has done to me, but the emotional manipulation and pain he's put my family through for years. But I remember some of the sweet memories and presents, how could I hate him if he's done those things?I had a hard time recognizing my abuse because of that back and forth, and even now I doubt myself.It all feels like a sick game of manipulation, but sometimes I'm worried it's just in my head. He would pick on me, belittle me sometimes. I wanted to be an actress or a singer when I was 13, he told me I wasn't nearly as pretty or talented enough. I'd wake up to him kissing me. I figured that was just him being Daddy. I remember I begged my parents to let me get a lock on my door, and he pitched a fit about it, saying I didn't need one. Threatened to take down my door if I ever locked it when he thought it wasn't justified.Because of these things and my physical abuse from my brother and my insecurities, I began to sink into a depression. I made plans to kill myself. I wanted help. He denied it to me, probably from fear of what I had to say. When I did attend therapy for a brief time, he wanted to sit in on sessions. A year or so after that my mom kicked him out of the house, and I'm guessing he assumed it was because I told. Before he left he came into my room and shut the door and said that I betrayed him. I had no idea what he was talking about because I hadn't said a word to mom. He tried to kill himself a day or so later.After that when he found his own place visits weren't so bad. He'd buy me whatever junk food I wanted. He basically played 'cool dad'. He'd talk shit about my mother, made up lies about why they split up. But he let me do anything I wanted to while I was over there, he essentially treated me like an adult, even though I was just a teenage girl at this time. I liked this cool dad who bought me presents, it seemed like he cared. But I didn't like spending the night. He'd have me sleep in bed with him. Even when he was seeing someone and they were over, he wanted me to sleep with him. I felt super uncomfortable and couldn't sleep at night because I could feel him press himself up against me. I feel bad because when we were over I'd make my little sister sleep next to him because I was too afraid. I remember one time while he was out I found creepy things in his google search results, mostly porn involving teenage or young girls. I know there are more negative memories, but if I think on them I get that panicked feeling, I beg myself to stop thinking about it. I try to normalize it in my head--maybe I'm just over exaggerating? Maybe this is how things are supposed to be? He played it off as normal,  father/daughterness. Besides, he could be so nice, those things couldn't have had bad intent? Maybe I'm reading into it? Maybe it's normal and I'm just weird I'm wrong I am being bad.There are days I recognize it was abuse and wrong but then I second guess myself, maybe I'm overreacting? I'm just sensitive. I'm stupid. Everything he has said about me is true. He could be so nice and lavish me with presents. I felt like he cared. If he cared there is no way what he did was wrong. I don't know what's wrong with me or how to make these conflicting thoughts go away. Do I need to feel validated somehow? Is there a word for what's he done? Why can't I just let myself think on what has happened and recognize it? Even right now I feel that panicked, speed driving into a wall feeling.I just want to be past this I want this to be over. I want to be healthy and normal. I want to get over this but I can't because whenever I think about what has happened I quickly shut myself down. I don't know what to do and even as I write this I can feel myself breaking down. I'm so scared to even post this. 
Very brief back story: I'm an adult survivor of incest and until the age of 14 I was raised almost solely by a parent with un-diagnosed bipolar disorder as well as issues from their own childhood trauma. I would like to share my whole story, but I'm not sure I'm ready so that is for another time and another thread.I have been in and out of therapy my whole life. Recently, I'm back in therapy. So far we have determined that I suffer from PTSD, which is a great start. I've been put on anti-depressant and anti-anxiety meds but obviously I need ongoing therapy as well.I've been feeling like my therapist doesn't really know what she's doing. I've seen her for 6 sessions and I don't feel at all capable of coping with my problems. She focuses on little symptoms - here's how to help with insomnia, here's how you could maybe tolerate going to the grocery store alone, that kind of thing. That's all helpful to some, limited extent but I don't feel like it's helping me to process the root problems at all. I'm starting to wonder what kind of things I should be getting out of therapy. Is it just coping mechanisms for every-day problems? Should we be delving into the abuse? Is the benefit from talking about the abuse simply getting it out? Should therapy be helping to reduce the flashbacks, hyper-awareness, nightmares, etc? I don't need someone to talk to for an hour a week. I don't need someone to tell me about sleep hygiene and how exercising more can help me feel better. I can get that on the internet. I need to overcome my trauma. Therapy is supposed to do that, right?What kinds of benefits should I be seeing from therapy? Can it actually help or do I just need to rely on medications for the rest of my life? Are there signs that I need to look for a better therapist? Any help, advice, experience, etc. would be lovely to hear. 
I'm so sick of the way people look at me once they know I'm a survivor. The pity in their eyes. How they automatically assign you the label of "broken" or "damaged" or "victim."Yes, I'm a survivor. But that's not all I am. I'm more than what happened to me. I'm a sister, a daughter, a friend. I'm a poet, a reader, and a PERSON. I exist beyond the abuse I went through. I'm not just damaged goods.DAE feel this way?
This was what my mom said on many occasions when I'd leave the house on the weekends at 18. She knew I was seeing (but not really dating) a guy, so in her mind, I was out "running the roads" (my friends and I mostly hung out at a 24hr donut shop and knit scarves -_-) and having tons of sex or something, I don't even know.  What she didn't know is that this guy was repeatedly molesting me but I was too scared to say or do anything about it. She still doesn't know and it's been almost six years. She hates my current boyfriend but he's helped me get over a lot of the problems I had (mentally) because of what happened.  I don't really have a point with this, I just needed to get it off my chest because I've been thinking about it a lot. It always made me feel so dirty when she'd say it, and it makes me feel the same way when I think about it now. Is that a normal thing for parents to say?
I've seen articles here and there with sort of suggestions like [here](http://www.pandys.org/articles/selfcare.html) and [here](http://www.pandys.org/articles/innerchild.html), but I'd like to know if anyone has anything they do when feeling like this, I've been struggling with these feelings a lot lately.
Hi y'all, I'm a survivor of long term physical and emotional abuse and recently started EMDR with a therapist (formally diagnosed with c-ptsd). She says it'll get worse for a while before it gets better, but i'm having a full-on attack + flashbacks every single day and multiple episodes which require grounding throughout each day. I have a job and I need to work. How much worse is this going to get before it gets better? It's only been one session where we've done anything with taps and eye movements, and I'm seeing her twice a week. Please help?
*Oh, the Places You'll Go!**by**Dr. Seuss**Congratulations!**Today is your day.**You're off to Great Places!**You're off and away!**You have brains in your head.**You have feet in your shoes.**You can steer yourself**any direction you choose.**You're on your own. And you know what you know.**And YOU are the guy who'll decide where to go.***T**here has been a significant amount of my life where fear has ruled me. Abused in a variety of ways, it’s no wonder there is so many pervasive behaviors I’ve exhibited, behaviors that came from a set of parents neglected and abused themselves. Blaming them has only caused me intense anger, constantly questioning “why”, wanting an answer when there really is no answer. They’ve only done what they knew from their own childhood.An irreplaceable amount of life experience that has made me into who I am today and still, allowing myself to truly love others and most importantly myself has not been easy.  For the first time in my life I’ve allowed myself to truly care and express my compassion for other human beings and myself. I’ve seen my friends for whom they really are and became closer, while others have grown farther away. Learning to love is a terrifying experience until you give yourself the same empathy. There have been so many positive things that have come from my misfortune. Constant racing thoughts can be directed into a tremendous amount of research. Here I am, 370 days away from moving to Gainesville, obsessively researching apartments, in a panicked state like I’m leaving later this week. The research collects my anxieties and ensures my doubts that I know my topic thoroughly. To escape home, I joined the Air Force and saw the world, received a full paid tuition and will finally be able to reach my goal of going to college, 100% debt free. Goals I had when I was six, to study the mind and the brain and truly make a real difference in someone’s life is now possible as long as I work hard. I owe it to that little boy, with such aspirations and immense dreams to work toward them, because he never stopped fighting. He kept holding on and now he is safe. He deserves this love he receives and he deserves this second chance. Don’t allow your mother to keep holding on to you, don’t let her or anyone ever tell you what you can’t do. No one controls you, but yourself and we both know exactly what you want. We’ve already won. You keep taking care of me and I’ll take care of you and let’s see how far we can go.  **A***nd will you succeed?* *Yes! You will, indeed!* *(98 and 3 / 4 percent guaranteed.)* *KID, YOU'LL MOVE MOUNTAINS!* *So...* *be your name Buxbaum or Bixby or Bray* *or Mordecai Ali Van Allen O'Shea,* *you're off to Great Places!* *Today is your day!* *Your mountain is waiting.* *So...get on your way!*
I read this sub a lot and wanted to post this here too.[link to original] (http://www.reddit.com/r/ptsd/comments/2yekx9/left_an_abusive_household_now_trying_to_get_a/) ____________________________________________________I'm really struggling right now. I feel guilty admitting that, but it's the truth. This is what I'm dealing with: I rent a room I found on Craigslist. The lady I rent from is friendly and a pretty normal person. BUT, the problem is, I have severe PTSD from years of child abuse from my parents. And the way it plays out is I am constantly under stress-agitation living here with this lady because I am terrified she's gonna explode on me and kick me out of her house at any moment. I dread coming home everyday I dread leaving my room and using the common area I hate having to pass by her and feeling like I have to appease/placate her.The moment I wake up to when I go to sleep, my head and my body are filled with stress. It's not that I'm doing anything that would merit her to explode on me. And like I said, she's a pretty normal person who wouldn't do something like that. But try telling that to my brain and my nervous system... It's dreadful :(. God this fucking sucks.I'm stuck here because it's the only place I can afford based on my small income because I can't get a better job. There are a million better jobs that I could get, but I can't work at them because they're also too traumatizing: I cannot handle sales quotas, deadlines, customer service interactions...practically any job out there. All these things put me on the verge of panic for however long I have to face them - upwards of 8 or 9 hours (or more). Eventually I start having nightmares about the job when I'm trying to sleep at night. I've luckily found a job that doesn't entail these other things. But the catch is it is low, low paying.And then my health problems: major digestive problems that got really bad within the last few years. Chronic fatigue. Bad food sensitivities. Brain fog/delirium. I now only have like 4 foods I can eat...everything else makes me sick. And my body smells. I have horrible odor in my underarms - not traditional 'body odor' smell - but instead it's this smell like rot mixed with alcohol. I'm pretty certain it's from candida/yeast overgrowth in my intestines but I can't afford treatment for it or even the fucking copay to see a doctor. This kills my already weakened self-confidence, and it blocks me from being able to work a better paying job (granted ptsd symptoms don't interfere) because I can't work with customers or in close proximity to coworkers when I smell is so bad.I wish I had had supportive parents. I wish I would have flowed out of high school with good emotional and mental health, where I could have gone to college and been able to have friends and obtain a good-paying job etc.. What actually happened is that I floundered for several years after high school until I literally left home one day because I couldn't take the abuse anymore. Cutting out into the world without skills, training, or direction, AND with the presence of major PTSD anxiety and a myriad of other health problems...It's been damn fucking hard.I want to get out of this current place so bad. Cuz not only am I dealing with trauma everyday from living with this lady, but the house itself is freezing cold because it was built a long time ago and has thin walls with no insulation. It's also moldy in the wood beams/ceiling and that really doesn't help my already compromised immune system.This fucking sucks. Fuck this time of my life. I don't know how I'm gonna get out of here. I wish to fucking God I made enough money to live on my own so I could rent a place just to myself. It's really hard to cope with all this. It's a chronic threat. This isn't something I can resolve cognitively. I need a secure place to live where I'm not under threat so my levels can come down (my stress, trauma, anxiety). :((for what it's worth, my other ptsd symptoms include flashbacks at random points throughout the day where I get so engrossed in them that my whole chest tightens and my face contorts into strange facial expressions until I 'come to' again and realize what I'm doing.)
I live in perpetual crisis because I am unaware of how to function. I am not the confident, attractive, mature, happy adult I need to be. I am the fragile child that is lost in a sea of emotions. Everything is a failure. My family life, my friendships, my relationships, the jobs i've had...nothing is positive and fulfilling, only painful. The best part is that I do not have enough money for a therapist. I don't have money because I can't get a good job. I can't get a good job because I am a scared little girl in a 26 year old's body. I mean, what am I supposed to do? Just explain this to people? By the way, underneath it all I really am just like everyone else, but I just happen to act like this because someone took out their anger/sexual frustration/emotional pain on me. I just got home from my horrible entry level job (one of many I've had) where they've been giving me 9 hours a week. Two of my coworkers who are 9-10 years younger than me walk all over me, insult me, boss me around, and constantly try to start fights with me. I haven't gone on a date in years. The last guy I liked was completely disgusted with me, but he was scarily clingy towards me, always needing to talk to me and know where I was and what I was doing. I wasn't good enough for him, but he wouldn't leave me alone.My friends are all burnt out by my issues.My family members are the ones who made me like this in the first place.Tl;DNR: Do survivors have a fighting chance at being happy, fulfilled, capable people? 
hey guys! I've been wondering if there is a place somewhere here or elsewhere on the net where you can ask how things should be. Like, after this event I felt like this, is that normal, what would a healthy response be? someone I know did this and even though it doesn't seem that weird, it made me feel queasy, how should I feel as a normal, healthy adult? how do healthy people experience love? How should I apologise for this, how often? Is it normal to do these things, or is it a problem I have to address? I'm crying about this, but don't quite understand why, how would others feel in this situation? I did this and this was my parent's/SO's response, is it normal to react that way? Why did they say this or that? am I overreacting/underreacting? etc.... I very often feel very alone and don't know who to ask these q's or who to talk to. my friends try their best, but sometimes they don't understand where I'm coming from. I kinda feel that due to having grown up in an abusive household I lack knowledge that my parents should have provided but instead filled my head with screwed up world views. I do try to learn things, but I very often have difficulties and it would help just to ask and have someone explain ideally, this and that should be the case, or this kinda sounds serious, maybe you should try and deal with it in this way etc...I'll give one example: one of the many therapists I have gone to asked me if I had children or if I had regular contact to any kids. I said I didn't, which at the time was true but now has changed. he's a 16y old boy, we're not directly related, but family and he calls me his sister, which is technically not correct, but I try being a good bigger sister (I'm 25, if that matters). The therapist wanted to know because of the cycle of abuse. Since I have not learned how to interact with children/teenagers in a healthy way it would be better not to have much contact, so as not to, let's say, spread the abuse (I kinda like thinking of abuse as some sort of infection, like a cold sore. I have the virus in me and every now and then I have a break out and it can get contagious....anyway). Now his sister(30) told me that her birthday gift to him on his 16th birthday was a kama sutra book. she explains it with back when she was that age her group of friends would give each other a 'teenager survival kit' with condoms, tampons, kama sutra books etc and that she didn't want to embarrass him so she didn't give him condoms, just the book. That made me very uncomfortable. I thought it was totally inappropriate, but how could I find out if my gut feeling was right or if I'm just overly cautious. And what, if anything, I should do about it..... she has also experienced abuse in her childhood and she is not very emotionally smart. So, my question is if there is a place like that, or if anyone would be interested if I created a subr for those kinds of questions. Please let me know
Hi, first post.So today I realized that I really need to vent. I was sitting in class and I looked up and I began looking around the room, I aimlessly stare around at stuff at lot, and I realized I had directed my attention to one area for too long. And I just blurted out an apology and just felt extremely uneasy. In comes a short rantvellaI do this a lot. I apologize for nearly everything, and it's not just out of a social convention or an innate thing, I actually have this unbelievable amount of guilt inside of me and it just gets worse around other people. I feel the need to apologize for me being places, for talking to people, for saying things that I feel or that interest me, for stammering over my words because for the love of Christ I'm too stupid to talk correctly, and now I am compelled to apologize for unintentional eye contact.It's made me think all day today and has got me all riled up again. I really hate thinking about what happened to me and why I am the way I am. I'm just not a strong person who can deal with that and still function and get what I need to do done.I was slapped around as a child, I was a stubborn child, I'd hit me too. Honestly (and I don't want to come off as saying one type of abuse is worse than another kind, personal opinions etc.), I would have rather been hit more often than experience what was said to me before and after I was hit.  I was told on numerous occasions by multiple people that I (and my brother) were some of the "worst children [they] knew". My mom used this all of the time. At least twice a week she'd say this and then proceed to cry and tell us how she had failed as a parent. She was going through a hellish divorce, we had no money, and I can totally justify why she felt that way because it was and is true. She, and other family members, would also always comment on my looks. "All the pretty clothes you have and all you manage to look like is a big blob?" "Why do you never brush your hair? It's ratty and disgusting!" "It's a great thing you're not stupid." My mom kept my hair short, she thinned it out, she relaxed it at points. My mom began to scold everything I wore. I remember when I had problems with multiplication and my mom sat down with me one night, I just started crying because I was confused and eight and she just blew up and told me, "You're going to figure this out or you're just going to have to stay dumb then!" Which is true, to an extent, and I did learn my times tables after that.  Oh, and they had a biggggg thing about my race. Every time I forgot something or couldn't hear what someone was saying it was because I am half Polish (a highly generalized classification btw, as bigots are famous for, I think I have a pretty neat ancestry, but I like weird stuff). I've heard every Pollock joke, every racial slur, and I really began to hate the structure that made me look the way I look. It's kinda funny, I was 7 without a real understanding of what Polish meant and what was bad about it (i.e. nothing) and I began to pick out Polish parts of me to hate. It's kinda funny in a childlike innocence. It makes me giggle.But how do you tell a little girl that? A little girl who is traumatized? (my Dad threatened to kill my mom and us as young children, and I witnessed and experienced some pretty brutal stuff). Like I can't imagine telling anyone that, much less when I know the situation behind it. Then again, I'm too scared to talk to anyone and I've always been too scared to talk to anyone. My mom told me I'd hide as a toddler and play and play for hours alone, and this trend was only amplified by the events of my childhood, especially with my parents, who were very vocal when I was bothering him. I'm always under the impression that I'm annoying people, and I know that's wrong, and I know I can't really stop thinking that without therapy. God forbid anyone raise their voice at me because I just cower and tense up and cry. I'm preoccupied with trying to make people proud of me and make myself some degree of interesting. I didn't get a smidgen of attractiveness or charisma my brother got, despite my brother having the abuse and the scrutiny tenfold, but it's just obvious everyone loves him and he's interesting like my mom and I'm just sort of the annoying little blob of gross Pole in our family that resembles her father's side of the family. Now that I have an idea of 'Polish', I've come up with this little theory that dissects my Slavic features and correlates them with my ugliness, which exists, but I can't say this ugliness exists due to Slavic features but the mix of Anglo American and Eastern European?? This is a really weird rant, I'm sorry, I have too much time on my hands and I've got some really bad self esteem. It's hard to get into therapy when my mom actively denies these things. She says that we were great kids in retrospect, and she had no problems, and I know that just isn't the case. She might have a different perspective now, but then? It was hell. Also, we're poor and I don't want to ask that right now because we can't make the mortgage as it is. I'm about to turn 17, and I would go to a school guidance counselor, but mine is (excuse me) the most hateful, useless counselor to ever exist. I take Wellbutrin and Adderall and they work to an extent (prescribed by a GP who think I just have ADD, I've been described as showing strong signs of C-PTSD by a child psych we had to go to while my parents were fighting custody), but this self hatred is just so ingrained into me. I don't think I've ever not intensely hated myself for a period longer than a month or two. I'm going to wrap this up because this subreddit probably gets a lot of these and I'm probably just whining about something stupid and making myself look like an asshole. This has just been bothering me today. 
Depression is hard!You can never really understand just how hard it can truly get until you've been there. Its sad that any of us ever go through it, but regardless, its always important to remember we arent alone in our struggles!I have been working on a YouTube channel for a few months now, and though its been hard, I've been posting every week. This past week has been my most difficult though - I wasnt sure if I was going to be able to make a video at all, but I managed to pull through, and in kind, made the subject about how I struggle with depression. I also offer some suggestions of ways to cope with the condition, as the point of my Channel is to try to offer support to others. So if you're having a hard time with depression, or want to better understand the condition, check out my video for information on what its like to experience the condition, as well as some tips on possible ways to cope:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXatynLRwl8
It's been entirely too long for me to still feel like this, but here I am.I'm still angry. I'm pissed that he hurt me, pissed that no one said anything, pissed that he got to walk away whole and happy and I'm left with a lifetime of scars. I'm struggling with baggage, and I assume he's happy and smug in the knowledge that he looks like an angel while I'm the one who left. If I ever see him again (it's really not likely) I'll regret not killing him instantly. So that's all pretty unhealthy, and I know it, and that's why it's all bottled up. So how do you deal with it? How'd you manage to let go of the rage and be free?
Does anyone else have physical scars that were inflicted on you?I have several scars, some very visible and very prominent, and it is horrible having to live with them. I have to see my scars every day and don't know how to explain them to people who ask where I got them from.Anyone else? How do you deal with having them?
I guess I better start with a bit of background. This is almost certainly going to be extremely long. For reference, I'll call myself John, and my abuser Kat (neither real names). Advance warning, there's going to be some fairly fucked-up stuff in this post. Please **do not read** if there's a chance you will be triggered by this.I'm a 22 year old male from the United Kingdom, long-time reddit creeper, extremely occasional poster. I've been having a bad few days, and after reading the great support found over at [/r/raisedbynarcissists](http://www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists), I thought I would post something here in the hope of finding something similar.During my childhood I was sporadically sexually abused by my female, then teenage, babysitter. I'm not sure of the actual age difference, but it probably started when I was aged 6, and she was aged about 14. Things started with the "reading club". She is the daughter of my godparents and big family friends, and would often be in the house on Friday evenings while her parents and mine had their weekly get-together over some food. She would bring books - encyclopaedias and puberty education ones mostly - into my bedroom and sit with me in the bed, pointing out all the naked pictures and laughing with me about them. It was important I didn't tell my parents about what we were reading, just that it was a reading club. Even then, I was a voracious reader (actually taught myself to read while my parents read to my older sister, but that's another story), so she was definitely clever about how she both disguised that initial contact and got me to go along with it. I have one really specific memory where it could all have unravelled for her. I was carrying some books (I think an encyclopaedia I'd found in the study or something) up the stairs, and my mum happened to pass me and ask what the books were for. I just gave her a big smile and said, "Me and Kat are in a reading club!" She made some kind of laughing noise, and went down the stairs, not knowing that the next hour or so would be spent with Kat pointing out to me all the bits that were different about boys and girls in the pictures.From there, things are hazy - certainly in terms of the exact time-scale of events. There are simply specific memories that crop up out of everything else:* At some point, she definitely started babysitting for me. Because of the attention I was getting, kid me really enjoyed it. I remember being sat on my bed, and her encouraging me to reach under her top and feel her breasts. She was toying with my dick during this, and I remember having the kid equivalent of a boner. Things progressed from there to me exploring her pussy. I think I was aged about 7? Not sure.* I remember her roleplaying out a "sexy barmaid" thing. I was sat in the room, and she was parading naked out and around me, pretending to serve me drinks, and I had to grab her ass and tits like some sexist pig of a customer, and she would let out a little giggle every time I managed to grab her.* Her sucking my dick* Us "fucking" in the bathroom, up against the radiator. I say "fucking" because I had absolutely no idea what the hell I was doing, and was just vaguely thrusting in the right direction. No idea if actual penetration was achieved. I still freaked out about getting her pregnant, even though I couldn't even ejaculate at that point (aged max 9). Kids are idiots, huh?There's probably a lot more that I can't remember, or is just lost in memory-fog. What I do know, is that she was extremely adept at manipulating and controlling me. She didn't even really have to try to get me to keep things secret - I knew it was illicit and naughty, and she used the natural rebellious and secretive nature of a kid to keep me from telling my parents that I was being naughty. She didn't even have to suggest I'd get in trouble: I was smart enough to work out the logic. I was doing something naughty that I shouldn't be doing, but enjoyed. Telling my parents would make it stop, and I'd probably get in trouble (no actual chance of that, my parents are wonderful people who just did the totally normal thing of getting their friend's teenage daughter to babysit their kid).I'm not sure when all this stopped to be honest. I guess at some point I got to the age where my parents decided that I didn't need a babysitter any more. It wrecked my ability to view other people in a sensible, empathetic way for a long time. It... aged me way too soon. What kind of 9 year old goes onto google and searches for "girls sucking penis and balls in mouth" because that's what had happened to me, and I wanted to see it again because it excited me. Man I had to tell some tearful lies to my parents about internet history over the years.All through secondary (read: high) school I was a combination of withdrawn, compulsive liar, manipulator, depressed, sexually addicted. I painted the picture of standing on the moral high-ground - I specialised in giving advice to friends about relationships and problems, while I was secretly catfishing a number of them. Man, I was a massive dick. I've since confessed and apologised to every single person I did it to, and explained the background causes that pushed me towards such horrible behaviour (no excuses).In between secondary school and sixth form (aged 16/17) I really went off the deep end. I went to nearby cities and took a variety of hard drugs (coke, LSD, amphetamines etc), and fucked my way through a group of people just as screwed up as me. Somehow managed to hide things (just about) from my parents with a combination of very well told lies and sustainable believability. I looked like (and in some respects was) the well-adjusted, academically high-achieving teenage kid who was struggling with the normal things 16 year old boys deal with. I just lost hold of everything. I couldn't understand why I couldn't feel things. I have an extremely vivid memory of being balls-deep in a girl/boy (too high to remember) in the middle of what was basically an orgy, and literally having zero physical and emotional sensation. It was an almost out-of-body experience. I was so empathetically disconnected that I couldn't deal with the fact that I actually existed. I remember waking up in a room full of people I didn't know, with my own blood on my face and hands, and absolutely breaking down. Literal sobbing so intense that it was soundless; shaking and weeping on this dirty flat floor, surrounded by comatose people.Managed to drag myself out of that personal hell (went cold turkey, absolutely do not advise. Get professional help and tell your families if safe to do so people) and somehow pass enough exams to go to university. I picked chemistry for no real reason other than irony, and the fact that I was good at science in general. Throughout that process, I really tried to identify my bad habits. I realised I would lie all the time for absolutely no reason. Compulsively, reflexively. About all sorts of things, from the important to the completely benign. I did make some good, genuine friends who helped a lot - shoutout in particular here to James (not his real name), who provided me with a fellow drug-recovery, fucked up dude to talk with things about and provide an outlet who never judged and never questioned.However, in the Christmas of 09/10, I made an awful, fucked-up decision. I was getting better and stronger, and made up my mind to confront Kat about all the shit she'd done. I had some vague plan of recording it so I could send it to the police if I was brave enough, but didn't end up doing that because I couldn't face doing that to my parents. But, I did confront her, and at least she didn't fucking deny it. She broke down pretty much instantly and confessed everything and apologised (ha fucking ha). She gave me a line about her father (my godfather) abusing her, and her not realising what it was she was doing. Now, looking back on that with much more self-awareness and a big chunk of wisdom, I am extremely doubtful. I can believe that she was abused, but not that she didn't know what she was doing. However, 17 year old me did what he thought was the "adult" thing and forgave her. Went from there to hugging her and begging to kiss her. I know, I know. Teenagers are idiots as well as kids. I wised up about 3 months later and said I wanted to talk to her again, and I planned to be a million times more sensible: record everything, ask specific questions. She never came through on it, and a couple of months after that I had a drunken rage-fit and left her an angry message saying that if I ever saw her again I would throw her through the nearest window. Not spoken to her since, I am glad to say.So, where's the upside? At this time, I met the girl who was going to help shape the next four years of my life, and hopefully the rest of it too. We met online on some seedy social networking site, and it started as nothing more than casual cybersex. She was moving to the country in the near future, and I lurched back into emotional manipulativeness, saying that she was just the kind of girl I'd like to date, when I knew full well I wasn't in the kind of place for a relationship, and was planning to go to university in the next few months.Somehow, she put up with the first 6 months of me being completely unable to admit that I was falling in love with her, either to myself or her. I asked her to be my girlfriend on February 12th, 2011. We're getting married in July this year. She is incredible, wonderful, patient, understanding, fiery. She is everything I needed, but I had to grow to deserve her. University helped too. In picking chemistry, I actually managed to pick something I ended up both enjoying and being good at. I mean, fuck, even understanding the fucking [Grubb's metathesis cycle](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grubbs%27_catalyst) is interesting. Proteins man, don't get me started on proteins. Or siderophores. I am a huge nerd. Unashamed.I started improving by forcing an iron control on my interactions with people. Every single sentence would be forced through a manual bullshit/manipulation filter. "Do I really mean this? Why am I saying this? Does this help the person I'm talking to?" I starting making amends: not just for the people I hurt in my depressive/depraved cycles over the years, but for the hurt I had done to myself. I did good things as often as possible, and it started to become the natural thing to do. My actual good upbringing, loving family, and loving girlfriend started to rub off on me.Now? I'm starting my PhD. Still not sure what I'm going to change my last name to when I get to put Dr in front of it. Any suggestions?Thank you, this has been super cathartic. I needed to write it down again. I'm finally in a place where I'm emotionally stable, happy: I own my abuse by rising over it. In my bad days, I can remind  myself of all the good things. I hope you all can do the same thing.
So I have experienced violent sexual abuse starting when I was 9/10  and lasting until I was 11, but for a long time, I had conflicting & confusing feelings toward the (adult) abuser. Not any more.I'm asking about something else that happened when I was 11.~~The other day I was hanging out with a group of friends, and one of them talked about her first romantic kiss. It was a sweet and innocent story, and I shared the story of my first kiss. *Of course* I don't share anything about my abuse, and honestly my first kiss is a completely different thing. So I thought.~~~~Later that evening a good friend of mine (who almost knows about my abuse, but doesn't know any details) was, I don't know, really caring about me, asked several times how I was doing, and offered me a drive home.~~~~It wasn't until the next day that I realized what he was thinking - that I had been sharing a piece of my abuse.~~ Talking to him made it clear to me that my first kiss may have been less sweet and innocent than I always thought: A babysitter, 3.5 years older than me (I was 12), who kissed me goodnight and slept in my bed. We did this a few times in a row, and it felt, well sweet and innocent. In fact, she was one of the people who (I think) really helped me during that time. We run into each other every other year, and I think I still really like her. I don't want to put her in the same box as my abuser. My abuse is a completely different story, isn't it? But my friend insisted this isn't what a responsible babysitter should do, and I guess he's right. Also, her and I have never really talked about those kisses (she didn't ask me if I wanted a kiss).Sorry for ranting & thank you for staying with me. <3**TL;DR** I have a sweet memory from about the time my abuse stopped, am I denying again? Am I right to assume that my (good) feelings about this are valid?
My therapist told me I needed to remember my past in order to help my future. I guess that makes since. I mean, yeah. I'm not a doctor. Hell, I'm still in high school. Anyway, a couple of weeks ago I remembered something that I had, I don't know- maybe I had suppressed it? Or maybe I just forgot. I mean, it's still really hazy and I'm not sure if it's real or not. I started school at the usual age, about 5 or 6. I went to a small, private school. Actually, it was a catholic school, but that doesn't matter. There weren't a whole lot of kids at this school. Like maybe 40 kids in a grade, everyone knew each other really well. There was this one girl, Demi, who was basically the stereotypical 'mean girl' of our school. Everyone wanted to know Demi. Demi was better than you. Demi was, strangely, my best friend. We were polar opposites; while she stayed inside and played with her Barbies in frilly dresses, I would  be outside, knee-deep in mud, playing with the worms. Demi and I had a ton of sleep overs, and I mean a ton. It was like every weekend we went over to her house, two streets down from mine. She had everything. Her house was bigger, her mom nicer, her room was basically a princess'. She even had 4 older brothers, whilst I had one. Because Demi was so much better than me, she took advantage of me. I was the kid who acted tough but was scared of the dark. She joked around, telling me tons of ghost stories, and scared me for the rest of my life. One night we were playing downstairs, running around, when Demi decided, "last one to my room is a rotten egg!" As she bolted up her grand staircase, I huffed slowly behind. She was faster than me, and she knew it. I passed a bathroom and slowed, not stopping, and caught a glimpse of one of her brothers looking in the mirror, staring at his reflection. I sped up again, ignoring it. I didn't know her brothers very well, if at all. They were so much older than me. I finally made it to her room, to see her laying on her floor. "Finally! You're the rotten egg!" She declared, laughing. I smiled, embarrassed for myself, and laid on her bed. She stood up and turned on her tv, probably to Disney channel or something. Now cold because of the change in location, I snuggled under her comforter. She lay on her window seat. I didn't notice her brother walk into the room, but I did notice as he picked up the comforter and slid next to me. God, I remember being so uncomfortable. I was in first grade, and this teenage boy, a teenage boy I didn't know, was laying beside me. I squirmed as he sat up, his arms under the covers. Demi looked over and smiled, but I frowned. The next part is really blurry. It's like a few dust particles are my memory and the maid just cleaned up. Basically, I'm pretty sure he handed me his penis. Fucked up, right? Anyway, being this naive kid, I started guessing what it was as I felt it under the covers. A hot dog? No. A weird pencil? No. Demi sat by, still on her window seat, as I was scared to death. I remember trying to stop him by playing it off as a joke, like "ha ha, I don't know what it is!!" I don't even remember if that worked, I don't really remember. Even as a kid, with no idea what was happening, I knew that wasn't right. Maybe that's why when I was 13 I showed my boobs to a couple of people, like it was no big deal. I don't really remember. 
**Are you male between the ages of 18 and 59? Did you have any sexual experiences in childhood or adolescence?**If so, you may be eligible to participate in an on-line research study being conducted at the University of Ottawa. Early sexual experiences among males have only recently begun to receive the attention they deserve. Your participation in this study will help us better understand the impact that sexual experiences during childhood or adolescence can have on males.By participating in the study, you will be entered in a draw for one of four $50 Visa gift cards.**What does participation involve?*** Anonymously answer a series of questions that take approximately 40-50 minutes to complete* The study is available on-line and can be completed from any computer, in the convenience of your home or office* Please note that the study is only available in English and to those living in Canada or the United States**Interested?**Log on to: http://fluidsurveys.com/s/male-childhood-sexual-experiences/**Questions?**Contact Jennifer Lyons from the Children's Well-being Lab at the University of Ottawa: 613-562-5289 (ext 2265)
So, I've completely fallen for a guy who was abused as a child.  Is there anything I need to know about how to ensure I don't do something wrong?  I want to make sure he knows I don't care about that at all.
I've never really shared this with anyone before so i'm kinda nervous...  I know it isn't that bad but it's been dragging me down a lot recently and I feel like I need some advice.My mom was very poor when she met my biological father, and he was fairly rich. Long story short, he just abandoned us as soon as I was born, leaving my mom with her abusive alcoholic brother. She had to draw the line when he started getting violent towards me, and went to live with a friend. She also had no way to take care of me as she had to work very hard so we wouldn't starve, and I ended up living with my grandparents (on my father's side) until she met my stepfather. This was a rather dark time for me, as my grandfather abused me sexually every time he got drunk (I only understood this was bad later on because I trusted him so much), and I went to a "rich kid" school, and that did NOT go well at all. I couldn't make any friends because everyone knew about my mother and I had no idea how to react to the meaner kids, so I just isolated myself. When I was about 7, my mom got married again and was stable enough financially so I could go live with her. I didn't like my stepfather at first. We fought a lot. He would kick me, drag me around by my ear, shout and one time he even handcuffed me outside for almost one hour. I had to change schools 5 times, and the only friend I managed to make eventually got bored and started treating me cruelly for fun. That is, until I entered high school. My relationship with my parents was going well and even thought I had to visit my grandparents frequently, the abuse stopped and I could pretend it never happened. I met three great friends, everything was going well. But even now, I don't feel alright. Can't trust men, crippling low self-esteem, constantly wondering if my friends dislike me, lack of motivation.. And every time I think I'm going to get better, I get worse. For the sake of keeping my friendships, I'm trying really hard but It's not really working and they're quickly getting tired of my shitty moods. Everything is falling apart and I honestly can't deal with it. I still like my grandpa and don't want to do anything against him, but I'm also afraid he'll do that to someone else. My mom has been putting a lot of pressure on me ever since she found out, and it's been affecting my social life very badly since my friends don't want anything to do with me when I'm not feeling great. I just don't know how to deal with this properly... Very sorry if this is confusing/badly written, it's very late over here.. but advice would be greatly appreciated. Also, thank you very much for reading all of this! 
(Background) I was severely abused/tortured for the first 11 yrs of my life by two uncles.  Used in pornography, prostituted, you name it.  At age 11 one uncle tried to kill me.  Shortly after, my mom and her sister got in a fight - unrelated to what happened to me - and she cut her family out of her life.My dad died very suddenly at the start of December.  My mom decided to call one of her sisters.  She left it up to that sister if the rest of the family was told.  Of course, she told everyone.  Both of my abusers showed up at the funeral.  On top of the grief of losing my dad, the trauma of being the one who found his body and tried to revive him, I suddenly had to cope with that too.A month later I overdosed and ended up in a day treatment program.  Now I'm very drugged up but still having a hard time.  I feel like I can't even deal with my dad's death properly because those bastards came back into my life!
this is something really stupid.... I don't know how to deal with emotions. I prefer not to have any..... just a quick overview about my background: father is narcissist, mother has borderline PD, have gone through all kinds of abuse from family members, friends, boyfriends, strangers...I'm replacing as many toxic relationships as I can with healthy, nurturing ones. One person, who has become my mentor over the past years, has proven especially helpful. He's been consistent, always there when I needed to talk and is very supportive... It scares me. So far I could always convince myself in some way or another that he's just being polite, or he's just a nice person. But now he's doing things that are beyond common curtesy and I'm realising he really truly cares. It terrifies me to the point of paralysing me.... First I get scared, then I get angry (how dare he care about me?), then really confused (what the hell is going on, why does he friggin care...?) and then back to being scared....  I wanna throw things, destroy them, run away, scream....How do I deal with this like a normal person? what am I supposed to feel? how can I stop hating the fact that someone cares?
Im a 24 year old Canadian female. At the age of 14, I was adopted by someone who began rapping me approximately 6 months later. This continued until I was finally able to get away almost exactly 6 years from when it started - I have made a video explaining my experience as a victim, and some things I feel I learned that may help others:My Proof: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4FVk1kVuyM
After almost seven months since I reported my abuser to the police, I finally got a decision about whether or not they would be pressing charges. They are! I win! Tomorrow he will be charged with 19 offences and it's the best feeling in the world. I'm stunned as I never expected this to happen, I didn't think it would feel this good either. Being believed by people is one thing but the vindication from the police is another level. I know this is just the beginning and it's going to be tough but it's the sort of tough I'm looking forward to. It's what I need to finally put this in the right place in my head. It proves it doesn't matter when it happened they are always guilty and can be held accountable. I'm on top of the world, the first time I've ever felt happy when I've thought about what happened. It's still horrible but now it's like I'm getting a happy ending. I just wanted to share some joy with the people who need this sub, as it does get better and there will always be a way through all the hellish things abuse  does.  
I know I need to change my number, but there is still a part of me that is afraid. There is a weird side of me that looks forward to those texts or voicemails knowing that someone out there is thinking about me, which is silly, because he was so horrible to me.I am afraid of the pain it will cause him. In reading the book *Boundaries*, though, it said that setting and keeping boundaries may be painful for the other person, but will be better for them in the long run since they can't find their own self control.I told him that if he continues to contact me as frequently as he does I'm going to have to change my number (he owes me money, which he is actually paying back, which is one big reason I'm still in contact with him, or at least that's what I'm telling myself I guess).After setting my boundary, he has backed off. I know that if he starts up again I will have to follow through.I really need support through this.
{Deleting for privacy}
To make a very long story somewhat short. My brother and I were raised without a father. My mother had several old friends we would call aunt and uncle. My uncle "T" was the only man I felt comfortable enough to talk to, that was when I was about 16. I was really coming out of my shell at that time, eating healthier, talking to girls my age, had a lot of friends. I tried to confide in him.. Basically, he started sending me creepy texts and eventually sent me a picture of his genitals. I felt as though my manhood had been taken away, can't trust men and have no felt right since. That was 4 years ago. I'm a 20 year old male. I was wondering if anybody knew the type of therapist I should pursue? Or maybe had anything similar..
I finally ended it, once and for all. My ex had some narcissistic traits, and was verbally abusive around conflict, and there were many, repeated problems with boundary violations. I've felt so stuck in it, and ended it before, which was torturous, and didn't last. But, something changed in the last couple weeks, and I wanted to tell you about what. Maybe it'll help one of you to hear about it. And it'll help me to spell it out.I realized I just didn't have the social support I felt I needed to let go. And I was stuck hoping things would change, especially because he's in counseling and things *are* shifting a little. Realizing I just wasn't able to walk away now, I decided the best I can do is work on other parts of my life, and build them up, and try to get the resources I needed to feel able to leave. So, I've been working on building friendships. I've been working on this for a while, but got even bolder about initiating things. A couple new friends have clicked, which makes a huge difference. That sense of connection is just so important. I switched therapists. The therapist I've been seeing for almost the entire year and a half long relationship wasn't empathizing with me, and I felt like I needed empathy. And he didnt - he said he thought it felt good in the moment, but didn't actually help. I thought he was wrong, and switched, and  the new therapist is really empathic and it helps tremendously. It helps me feel like I'm not crazy. That validation and reflection strengthens my trust in myself. I reached out to an older woman I vaguely know who seems super strong and wise and asked her to meet with me for advice. She was generous and supportive, and gave me good practical advice too, which again made me trust myself more, and made me feel supported. My ex and I have been officially broken up for a while, but still spending time together and sleeping together, and I've been going on dates with other people. This helps me remember that there are other people I could connect with, and even though it was really painful to start seeing other people, it helps loosen my grip on the relationship with my ex. I've been on a handful of dates with a guy who is really... gentle and present. It's too early to tell if it will actually go somewhere, but it's been a relief and respite to spend time with someone in that easy, relaxed, safe-feeling way. And, after a month of things being okay, my ex and I had another, terrible fight. I saw him once after, and he was sweet, but I was so nervous that I woke up dry-heaving. A few days later we talked, and he did something inconsiderate, and I gently asked for something else, and he reacted in a really angry way. And, I just realized, even though he's in process and working on things, he's not there. He's not getting there quickly. I can't be the person he learns this shit on. It hurt me too much. I miss him, but I know seeing him will feel bad. In other words: I gave up hope. Of things getting better anytime soon. That I can do anything to make it better - I've been trying for a year. It's not about me. It doesn't matter what I do - it's his stuff. I gave up. And I feel free. And relieved. I'm sure more sadness about it will come, but for now, I'm just so happy to be free. 
what made you finally decide to leave?I am *so* sick of the yelling, and him going ballistic over literally nothing. But usually at some point after, he apologizes and says something he knows will make me laugh, and then I feel wrong for even wanting to leave. And I *know* it's just a bunch of bullshit, and he isn't sorry like he says he is and it's just going to happen again...but I can't get it through my head that it's okay to end things. 
Hi All,I just posted [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/2tzc29/emdr_looking_for_support/) in the RBN sub, but thought this might be a good place too - given my history of childhood sexual abuse (and that being some of the primary memories I'm planning to target with EMDR). Thanks in advance for your time :)
I have a secret, which I've been hiding for 12 years. I need your advice; before I could start, let me explain briefly about my family, especially my sibling. I have an estranged older brother (let's call him S), who I haven't spoken to each other for years.We moved to Canada from our homeland when I was 6 and he was 10, we were getting along just fine until he entered a high school. I recalled he wanted to "get fit" in with his friends, which he started acting differently. He started abusing me verbally and emotionally. It led to violent, physical fights included choking and hitting. I was often crying in my room and felt helpless, especially when my parents didn't do anything to stop him. For years, I was building anger toward my family.The occasion I can't forget and it still haunts me since I was 10. My parents were away to work and left me in S's care. Then he took me to his room and he just changed to a different person. He no longer cruel I knew; he began acting too friendly toward me, then he told me to give him a blow job. That was when I lost my innocence. I desired to have his approval. I thought he wouldn't treat me like dirt after I did what he wanted (it never happened). I remember how I felt at the moments when my parents left me in his care. I hated every single moment when I was alone with S; I hoped he wouldn't make me to do it. But it never led to sexual intercourse (thank god). It continued for a while until my relatives visited from our homeland and stayed at our place for several weeks. He couldn't do anything to me. I was relieved. But he was constantly abusing me verbally, emotionally and physically. Deeply inside, I hate S for robbing my childhood and left me with emotional scars. It didn't stop until I moved away to college. That's the best decision I've ever made; I didn't have to stay in a hell hole any longer.12 years have passed (I will be 23, he's 27), I told no one until I found a wonderful man, who I finally confessed about my skeleton in the closest. He advised me to tell my parents. But I'm afraid for my parents; I'm not certain if they will take this quite well. Also I fear betrayal; I don't know if they will believe me (S may will manipulative them).I'm a current college student in U.S. I will not see my family for 8-12 months (it's been five months now). When I go home; I plan to stay there for only two weeks before I go back to U.S. I don't know when I will go home again; I already have plans for this Christmas break and next summer in 2016. I'm still not sure how I will tell them; I can't leave my parents in despair when it's time for me to go back to U.S.I need your advice about this situation; I want to tell my parents about it but I fear that it will destroy my family. Any advice would be highly appreciated!
I want to share a podcast episode I just released yesterday. Anyone who is a survivor of abuse will be able to relate to it. It might help you and make you feel less alone. I talk to someone who went through years of sexual abuse and felt too broken to be fixed, but experienced a turning point after which she knew she had to try to make things better. And she has found healing since that point. It's a pretty powerful story. You can check it out below if it interests you. Thanks!http://thegrassgetsgreener.com/forgiving-yourself-for-what-was-not-your-fault/
Having PTSD from something that many people consider "deserved" or "normal" opened my eyes to the blaring differences in how people who haven't gone through abuse, mental illness, or other trauma respond when they hear that someone has gone through that. I don't want to say "omg, people who went through ____ have it soooo easy" or anything like that because it's horrible all around, but there are cases where people are a lot more sympathetic.In my case, which is medical and psychiatric abuse, people usually respond by saying " it's okay, because your brain isn't right and you don't feel things the way other people do" or "that doesn't exist! I had a good doctor once!"It's honestly pathetic. The fact that some people are so blind that they think that certain types of abuse are okay is disgusting. It's horrible in general that people think that abuse is okay, but to say that "if you get abused by x then I care more than if you were abused by y!" is just atrocious. I feel that I've never had anyone take my situation seriously. Never. You know what, not even death by rabid fire breathing bears could ever compare to what I went through IMO, but the way people treat/ed me after is third behind my medical abuse and childhood abuse. It's *that* horrible. It's to the point that I actually consider ableism a trigger because even if it's against someone else, it makes me so afraid that they're going to try to hurt me because they're probably all for the abuse that happened to me. Even people who are decent human beings and won't come out and say I deserved it are like, "Oh. It's *just* that..." or at least have that attitude.Does anyone else feel that all abuse should be considered horrible and wrong, not just the "bad" ones? Has anyone else noticed this or been effected by it?
I find it very frustrating that when you go looking for support for Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, it is almost completely focused at military personnel - there are MANY other demographics that suffer from the condition, and this video give a few facts not commonly known in regard to these demographics: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SV1dp9uROtI&src_vid=J9Ocr80BEJY&feature=iv&annotation_id=annotation_3780362167Some victims of child neglect and abuse may find it as a helpful source of support!
I saw you walk by out the window today. Your hair is growing out, your face is tan and your clothes are tight, too tight, like they are all thats holding you together. You cross the street when you get to the corner, I know its so you don't have to walk right past my door. It's cold outside and seeing you stops my heart then makes it hammer in my chest. I don't know why I'm afraid. I'm 6 inches taller, pounds heavier, 9 months older, but you terrify me. You remind me of what I've lost, of the body count, the people you sit with at the dinner table, our grandmother, your father, your sisters.You remind me of hushed voices and sweaty hands and whispered threats. Your voice is a shard of glass in my chest and the memory of a whisper in my ear. I have tried to understand, tried to reason. You were a child, I was a child, somebody hurt you, so you hurt me. Somebodys fingers and lips found themselves on your body so you returned the favor, wresting control from your abuser by putting your hands and lips on my body. My mind can understand it and my heart can break for both our stolen innocents but I can't stop hating you. I can't stop hating you for your breath in my ear and your fingers hurting me when I told you to stop and you said no. For every sleepover I tried to lock myself in my room and you cried to my mother that I was mean. For every stolen toy that ended up broken, and every time your lips touched mine. I hate you for all of it. I cry because I feel helpless and my body is shaking and all you did was walk by. They don't really look me in the eye anymore, my mother, my grandmother, my uncle, none of them. They don't see, maybe they don't want to see how they failed us, how they failed me. The difference though I think, between you and I, is that I refuse to knuckle under. I refuse to forget what you did, what was done to you, and how none of them did anything about it. I'm breaking this cycle. My children will never know fumbling hands in the dark and mistrust or the sick to their stomach feeling of unwanted hands sliding over their bodies. I refuse to forget, I cannot forgive, and I won't let it define me. Ultimately, even though the sight of you brings me to my knees now, it won't always. I lost almost everything, and I built myself back up. I'm alive and I'm breathing, and when I walk down the street, I have more than tight clothes to hold me together.
I don't know where I fit, in terms of looking for support, so here goes -- My dad has C-PTSD. My dad also had the childhood from hell, followed by the military deployment from hell x2, followed by a better deployment that was still massively traumatic, and at the end of it all he floundered for years before actually being able to seek help. There's a personality disorder somewhere in there. After all that, the odds were slim to none he'd not have one. The last few years, it's been both a relief and a frustration to know what's wrong. Relief because yeah, I'm not just seeing things. Frustration because everything revolves around him, and I still have the old feeling of being meant to walk on eggshells and swallow my own feelings. Setting up healthier patterns in the house has not been easy. Top it all off? A lot of what he put me and my mum through was emotionally (and for Mum, financially) abusive. Mental illness is not an excuse. It may be the explanation. Despite this we love him and are just glad he's getting good help now, at age sixty-mumble. But no, it's not been simple, untangling everything we've all been through. I can't forget that his brain malfunction left me feeling insecure throughout my childhood -- not in a self-esteem way as much as a "what disaster next?" way. Nor can I forget that he tends to bring drama to situations that directly affect me as an adult. Our family's very close-knit, being the only three people in said family for many, many miles, and for Mum, a whole ocean.The cycle repeats in the strangest ways. He tried so hard to avoid hurting us the ways he'd been hurt, but he hurt us anyway. Sometimes it feels like this was all going to happen no matter what we did. Such a raw deal from the universe. I don't know where to find other children of abused parents. This is the closest I get, I think, because all of us had to survive his abuse in some way. 
For instance, people who say that children deserved to be beaten or that medical abuse doesn't exist/is justified.It really messes me up. I need to learn how to cope with it because people are just cruel and evil in today's society and I can't change that, but I don't know how. Any tips?
My father was physically abusive and was easily angered, he would yell, throw things, break things, throw me around, hit me, etc. My mother, on the other hand, was emotionally abusive. She would constantly compare me to my sister and ask why I couldn't be more like her, she told me I would never amount to anything in life, and worst of all, she would justify and make excuses for my father's abuse and tell me it was my fault. (He never laid a hand on my mother or my younger sister, just me.)Well, needless to say, I left the day after I graduated high school and moved in with my boyfriend, who I married 2 years later, and just had our first child 9 months ago.My husband is so supportive, understanding, and encouraging of all of my feelings, hopes, and dreams. Communication is very important to him. So important that after a stupid argument today about a mix up in plans, I got annoyed and walked away, so he grabbed my arm. Just the act of grabbing my arm triggered memories of my father grabbing me by the arm, dragging me to my room and throwing me on the floor, and I had a full blown meltdown. I was crying hysterically and could barely catch my breath. My husband felt SO bad and regretted it the second he touched me. He wasn't trying to be forceful or hurt me. In the 7 years that we have been together, he has never laid a hand on me. He said if he ever touches me like that again, he will pack my bags for me, because he wouldn't deserve to be with our son and me.I have a better relationship with my parents now. For some reason they are not the same people they used to be. Maybe it's age. Maybe it's the fact that I don't live with them and interact with them on a daily basis. Maybe I am easier to tolerate now that I'm an adult. I don't know. All I know is that after today, I realized that deep down, I still hate my father, and I will never forgive my mother for condoning his abuse. And after having my beautiful boy, I don't know how anyone could ever do that to their own child.
My relatives live in a world of sunshine and rainbows when it comes to the abuse and neglect I was subjected to by my parents.Theres this impression that Im an immature, spoiled brat who ran away from home out of pettiness (ie after a bad argument/etc). Long story short, I escaped.Furthermore, they seem to have the misguided opinion that I should have put up with it because hey, thats what family is for right? This has been something I've been struggling with on and off and I really want to put the final nail in this coffin once and for all. Whenever I bring up the topic of how abusive my parents were, they're all like "forgive them" or "they love you" or "they miss you" or some cheesy cliche like that. Like if I swallowed that bullshit, it would make everything better or that its my fault they treat me like something to be swept under a rug.Furthermore, they are of the mindset that hitting your kids is the same as raising them, and is somewhat loosely tied to religious beliefs. So theres ANOTHER stonewall Im facing.I just want them to understand that my parents are monsters, that this really happened and that they cant keep trivializing me like this.They dont want to talk about it, they dont want to face it, and they always brush it aside like an "its not them its me" sort of thing.Dont get me wrong, willful ignorance isnt their only problem, there are some of my relatives who actually understand my situation but use it to hurt me, as per our interactions in my attempts to reconnect with them. One reaction was where I was basically called a child while another encouraged me to repress what had happened to me. This is the mindset of my "family".How do I hammer in the point that what happened to me was wrong and that cliches like "forgive them" or "we're family" isn't relevant to the situation?
But can't quite replay the events in your head? I promised myself I'd never forget a thing and be stoic in the face of past demons but I'm finding harder and harder to recall images of notable, painful past events. I remember how I felt, and I know how itshapes me today, and I've learned to adjust myself for others sake but despite all of that I really want to be able to replay and analyze what exactly happened - reflect on how it made me.So, anyone start to forget what they'll always remember? 
I am not exactly sure what I am looking for by posting.Advise I guess.To feel less alone, maybe.To tell my story.I don't remember the first time it happened but some of my earliest memories are of the sexual relationship that was started by my oldest sister. She is 4 years my senior.I can remember having intercourse with her before I was physiologically able to ejaculate. The first time I did climax I thought something was wrong and that I had broken my penis. I cannot remember being coerced or forced to do anything, she told me what to do, I did it. We were once caught by my parents when i was very young and I was sat down and told that was not acceptable and I was not to ever do anything like that again.This only insured that she had to be more careful.This continued until I was around the age of 9, I cannot recall the exact moment and the reasoning is still unclear to me but I decided I didn't want to participate in it anymore. It stopped.Fast forward 4 years and this is where things get very complicated. I hit puberty and I initiated the relationship again.I would first make sure my parents were asleep, their bedroom was on the other side of the house, and it was a very large one story house. I would then silently sneak into my sister room and initiate sex while she slept. If she didn't want to have sex she expressed that and I left. I cannot recall the frequency but it was quite often. I attempted at least 1-2 times a week.We never spoke of what occurred at night. Never. This occurred during her relationships with boyfriends and continued with less frequency as I got older.The last time we had sex I was 15.The effect this has had on my is manifold. I didn't pursue any romantic relationships with girls my age as I grew up. This left me unsocialized and unable to bridge romantic intentions once I reached young adult hood. I was behind everyone else social skills wise and not trying to catch up, if that makes any sense. There are quite a few times in my life when females came on to me, but I always felt extreme anxiety when these attempts where made I took myself out of those circumstances to insure that I would not have to face my anxiety.I had my first real girlfriend at the age of 22, it took a long time and a lot of patience on her part but we eventually had what I would consider a fulfilling sexual relationship. I never told her of the events in my past.That first relationship ended for many reasons but I think the largest was my fear of revealing these things I have kept secret to her. The fear of rejection, the fear of judgement. It was another way not to face my anxiety about the events.I then moved across country to a very large city for my career. I am a very social person but the courting habits I had not developed really impacted my abilities to express an interest in intimacy with a female. I was going out a lot and seeing guys of all types able to express themselves and their intentions to females, while I sat on the sideline and watched. More fuel for my anxiety.I was not without interest from females, but I couldn't make any "moves" without panic and anxiety.Imagine if every time you were in the position to ask a girl for her phone number, and you know she wants you to ask her for her phone number but you are busy having an anxiety attack and looking for the first excuse you can find to get out of the room.I was able to get into a few relationships but the roadmap led to the same place. Fear and doom.I am now a 38 year old man facing the prospect of spending the rest of my life alone if I do not work through and process these events.I have so much confusion in me about what responsibility I hold for reforming a sexual relationship with my sister.I have so much anxiety in me about being "damaged goods".I have so many issues on so many levels that I feel like a perpetual-motion anxiety machine.I sometimes feel that I am very alone in the circumstances of my past. I have yet to find some common ground with anyone in the public sphere. There doesn't seem to be a role model I can look at and see that I am not alone.
Title pretty much says it all.  If you have already done this, I would love to start a dialogue.  I'm ready to be done with this.  I want resolution, and to move on.  I am so frozen, so stuck.  I am ready to begin the healing process.
Hi there, to whomever is willing to listen/read what i've written, thank you.Have never really tried to coalesce my thoughts/feelings regarding my childhood abuse through writing before. I have touched the peripheries of my childhood experiences via other methods but never tried to fully express all my inner feelings in this domain before. I've had a few addictions in the past and have felt that writing helps dramatically with this problem. I will try to cut the chase. Would really love some insight, as I said, i've never really admitted to myself fully what happened in my childhood. Perhaps, this repression has caused a disturbance in my subconscious. I'm sorry if this story is long.My story begins as a baby. I have no recollection or memory of living with either of my parents. Both my mother and father were divorced before I can remember. I was effectively born in to a broken family. Neither of my parents took the divorce particularly well. My sister was a teenager at the time and she started to go down hill in life not long after (teen pregnancy about age seventeen, skipping high school to go around with bus drivers, etc.)I lived with my grandmother from a baby until I was fifteen. I was kicked out by her then and went to live with my older sister (she is twelve years older than me). That household was toxic. I lived with an alcoholic and drug user (who was my sisters boyfriend). My grandmother kicked me out because I was skipping school, getting in trouble at school for other reasons and she thought I was selling cigarettes, and she new I smoked. I also smoked weed quite often at that time and was underage drinking. I thought I was going back to live with my mother. Well that is what she maintains was the case. Never bothering to ring my mother to check up on me. Years went by and I think she tricked herself and wanted to believe that my mother had taken me in. But she hadn't. I never lived a day with her after that. By the way she died in December 2012. Perhaps this grief kickstarted this process of coming to terms with our relationship. One of the main purposes of this post, I guessThe reason why my parents left me to be raised by my grandmother was because my parents didn't want to sacrifice lost income from their jobs. Both my parents had fairly decent jobs at the time. My father was a microbiologist lab manager and my mother was a nurse in a respectable hospital. My grandmother, therefore, effectively raised me on her own. I saw my father every other day for a few hours and my mother about once a week during my childhood on Sundays for one hour. It was always only one hour. And always Sunday. This pattern of child–parent interaction repeated itself until I was about eighteen. So, basically, this was how it was from my earliest memory of my parents until an I became an adultescent. Life with my grandmother was tough. As she "had" to leave her job to look after me as she did with my sister. She took on this burden extremely heavily and personally. I told her not long ago about my grandparents on my father's side. The grandmother that raised me is on my mother's side. My only first cousins on my dad's side told me very recently that my grandfather sexually molested one them. She was also molested by her biological father (my aunty's ex-husband) to make matters much worse. That's an aside. Consequently, my grandparents on my father's side couldn't look after me, and I don't think that my father would have expected this of them. As I said my grandfather on my father's side was a monster. So it's probably lucky that did not occur. Both were dead before I was born. But my grandmother left work to look after my sister. Setting a precedent to look after me. To give a bit of context, my grandmother on my mother's side is Asian (Malaysian). Still alive (ninety-seven), i'm actually living with her at the moment, as I moved in temporarily while I finished university. I'm in my mid-twenties. My father is anglo-saxon. In asian culture, it is a bit different to the west, and sometimes the grandparents will rear the children while the parents go to work. I guess, there is no welfare state there, so there is not much choice. My grandmother and grandfather moved over to where I live in Australia from Malaysia quite late in life to support their children (my uncles). My grandmother was in her late sixties. Adjusting to the new Australian culture I am sure was very difficult for her. My grandfather on my mother's side died before I was born. He was a school headmaster in Malaysia and was very strict with my mother and his other children. I found out recently that my uncle used to get beaten with a stick by my grandfather when he was a child. Sure things may have been different then but this still doesn't justify that behaviour. It gives an idea of what his conception of being a good "father" must have been. My grandmother never objected to this treatment. Perhaps why she was so harsh on me. From what I know about her parents they were very strict also. Possibly emotionally/verbally abusive as well. They were poor and without opportunities so there is a high chance my grandmother received a very rough treatment as a child. She got saved by the church who gave her an education as a child. Back to my childhood. It was just my grandmother and me in the house. A cousin on my mum's side lived with us for a few years but for the majority of the time it was just my grandmother and me. My strongest memories from the period are her being constantly angry at me. As if I had always done something wrong. She NEVER hugged, kissed, touched me affectionately or showed other physical signs of love. Emotionally she was and still is distant and cold. I know she cares about me but i'm not sure to what extent. She always compares her "successful" children and grandchildren on my mother's side to me. I've fucked-up a lot in life. To be brief – been to court faced going to jail for 2 years but wasn't sent to prison, been in serious physical fights, had drug and alcohol problems, and sex addiction. I've turned my life around now completely. Stopped drugs, rarely drink, trying to be celibate, except if I find a partner that I want to be in a serious relationship with. I've just graduated university, so things are really looking up.However, memories and experiences from my childhood stick in my mind. I feel i've been wounded emotionally and mentally. Here are some more things that I remember vividly from my childhood. Being emotionally blackmailed by my grandmother. When i'd want to do something simple like go to a friends house overnight, for the first time in months. She'd try to punish me by making me read, after i'd been studying the entire semester. For hours before I was allowed to see my friends. Just made me feel horrible about wanting to see my friends. She was so bitter and cold before I did something like this. Then when I returned from my friend's houses it was the same treatment for a while until she got over it. I refused to be trapped inside and rebelled eventually, sneaking out, etc.  It was always about study, more-so my lack thereof. It was her way of saying subconsciously, I feel, that I was inadequate. A failure. A burden. A bad child. A bad person. A mistake. I ruined her life. My family on my father's side are nothing but bad and her side of the family are all saints. She is extremely pious to this day and was the same during my childhood. I think this made things worse even if she didn't mention god too much. Me and my dad's family are sinners and devils. Going to hell. It was mainly, as I said, her emotionally withdrawing from me and punishing me, i feel now, looking back, arbitrarily. As a child, HOW ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO KNOW ANY BETTER AND NOT MAKE A MISTAKE? YOU CAN'T! I'm sure many people on his sub can relate to what I mean here.Before I moved out from my grandmother's house. I must have been about fourteen. This is when, I believe, the worst part of my childhood occurred. I got a bad report at school and was in trouble for skipping class. The school rang my mother and needless to say she was angry. In fact that is a gross understatement. My father and sister come with me to her house that night. It feels like, still to this day, I can only describe it as, years and years of pent up anger directed at me in a borderline psychotic-rage. I was just a child. I didn't do anything that bad either. She proceeded to berate me. What stands out the most is her screaming at me, "YOU FUCKING DIE, YOU FUCKING DIE MATTHEW, YOU SHOULD JUST DIE, YOU STUPID BOY!". Over and over again. What made it worse, is that my father and my sister did nothing. They just stood there and let me "cop it sweet". Probably because they just had experienced the same/similar treatment by and normalised it. I cried afterwards. I remember crying afterwards on my sisters shoulder. I remember being shocked at the time that this event had happened to me. I don't believe things were the same for me after that. What I feel culminate within my mother was distress with her broken marriage, my sisters teen pregnancy and "disgracing" the family because she didn't get a university degree or "respectable" job. Years of her self-perceived embarrassment and failure. And then I started to fuck up. Begin the cycle of her shame again.  I mean people get divorced all the time, teen pregnancies occur, and kids get in trouble at school and all the rest but for my mother it wasn't good enough. She always had impeccable high-standards for herself her entire life. Eventually gaining a master's degree in applied science after my parents divorce. I felt a lot of hatred from her. I was constantly in fear of getting in trouble by my mother and grandmother my entire childhood. I started using cigarettes, weed, pornography and whatever else I could do to escape this shitty world. My father was pretty alright. Sure he never really manned up to face the situation but he NEVER abused me or carried out any of the dysfunction behaviour experienced at the hands of the family on my mother's side. His lack of guidance caused me to become rebellious as there were no guidelines set. I literally just did whatever I wanted. The consequences, I still bear until today. As I mentioned, I lived with my sister from about age fifteen onwards. To make matters much worse, this is how I feel about it, my sister was emotionally and verbally abusive towards me. Not particularly me only, the other low self-esteem individuals in the household bore the brunt of her treatment, as well. Her boyfriend the long-term unemployed drug user, her longest and oldest friend an alcoholic, another socially awkward pervert (found weird porn on his computer - many fetish videos, etc.) and gambling addict, and most importantly her daughter, my niece all received our fair share of abuse. What excuse was there for these adults to keep experiencing this treatment. Extremely low-self confidence, esteem and self-worth, obviously.If anybody said anything that she didn't agree with, she would basically start yelling and arguing with them until they would cower in fear. That is the only way to describe her exacting process. I witnessed some pretty horrific arguments. The worst was and argument between my sister's boyfriend at the time and my sister. My sister's boyfriend got pretty angry (not sure what the argument was) and accidentally threw some keys in my sister's direction. She kept screaming at him to actually physically hit her or assault her. This must be her low self-esteem issues coming through, but, still, it was an extremely hostile situation. She kept egging him on to physically assault her, and saying she could "handle it" and she would "take him on". It's like she is attracted to these type of destructive relationships (not the first - previous boyfriends acted similarly from what I recall, other boyfriends drug users, already married, mentally unstable, etc.) to keep replaying narratives she holds about herself being unworthy and deserving of punishment.  I'm not trying to make my family out to being "defective" or "bad" people so that I can emerge as the "good" or "normal" one. I am aware of this process, but I simply would be in denial not expressing my experiences. I feel my time with my sister which was from when I was fifteen until about twenty-three (by that time I had long learned to escape emotionally from her shit) caused destruction to my self-esteem, psyche and overall mental health. I'm recalling specifically the first few years with her. They were the worst, because I couldn't deal with her, being still, in my opinion, a minor in my mental capacity. Still a child, really. It's not the fact that these things happened to me then that was traumatic. The trauma spurs from previous emotional abuse and assault from times before from my mother and grandmother. Any emotional abuse whether it was withdrawing attention, emotion, arguments, hostility, overt anger, criticism, belittlement, humiliation, all reopened preexisting wounds from my childhood. The worst part of everything is the constant denial around this, i.e. her actions and actions of my entire family. She plays victim without acknowledging it. What is required is open recognition of these traumatic experiences. They occurred whether she or I like it or not and need to accept these things and learn to heal. My sister would constantly berate me for just holding an opinion on the contrary to hers. She is extremely erratic, still to this day, hostile towards disagreement and anybody who holds an argumentative position that is at antagonism to hers. She cannot receive criticism in any way. Even if these things are benign such as cooking advice. Things such as street directions. Things such as conflicting opinions to hers regarding stories in the news. Things such as contrary opinions on an analysis of another person's personality and why they behave a certain way. EVERYTHING you could think of. SHE CAN'T TAKE CRITICISM IN ANY FORM AND LEAST OF ALL EVER FROM ME.Perhaps this is why I feel a lot of animosity towards her. I appreciate her taking me in when I was fifteen. I really had no place else to go. Living with my mother may have been worse, but I guess i'll never know. I am fairly certain it would have been worse. My father didn't want anything to do with looking after me. I mean, what the fuck, Dad. I did not deserve the treatment she gave me in return. She received money from my mother while looking after me, anyway. My dad would still purchase material goods for me, pay for school fees and the like. I felt spending those years living with my sister just kept tearing open my scars from childhood. The depression onset I experienced at 18 resulted in me going off a cliff into disaster. It's like every single person in my family either overtly or covertly told me, subconsciously or consciously, that I wasn't good enough. I was/am a bad person. I deserved bad things to happen to me. Getting in trouble at school, with the law, getting in fights, failing at uni, all of these things I DESERVED. I understand my family primarily consists of individuals with low-self esteem and hence the motivation for projecting this onto others but it doesn't make it ok that it happened to me. All in all my sister was emotionally, verbally and almost sadistically inclined when taking things out on me. Her work life was shit, she had a dead end job, and is a single mother, her daughter's father could care less about his own daughter and her. I was her mental/emotional punching bag as along with the others in "her" house, that she all too often referred to it as. I feel a lot of our differences are unreconcilable. We have an estate situation occurring that makes things worse. No legal recourse either at the moment. The trauma cycle continues. But now I do not stand for her arbitrarily hostile argument. I feel she is emotionally manipulative to get what she wants. Guilt tripping my dad to singing the house over to her and me when he wanted to move away with his partner. She wants to "share" everything. Her conception of sharing is one-sided. She wants me to pay for a house where I do not benefit. This is not legal or moral. This is tangental information I know but I feel relevant.I think I will have minimal contact with her from now into the future. She will never change. She will continue displaying the arbitrary abusive nature she has. She is co-dependent on other's addictions. She has hoarding problems. She keeps latching onto me like one of "her" possessions. She attaches value to possessions as she holds no value in herself. She doesn't value her self, only things. People are just pawns. I've tried to help her many times but she doesn't want the help (helped cleaning, gave her books on psychology, etc.).She will die early and due to her living unhealthily and chronically stressed. Enough of her influence over me. My dad had the opportunity to leave. But he didn't. If he can't make the decisions for himself that's nobody else's responsibility. I will only ever pay what is legally required. She will try to bully me for the rest of my life. Like she did as when I was a child. I don't want any of it. I will limit contact to when necessary. "Family" what a misnomer for my situation. I hate that this is how it is for me. All the fucked up mentalities and world-view's of my blood but it is better to face the facts than deny what is really going on. I also vividly remember being made to cry by my uncle when I was doing mathematics when I was probably about eleven or twelve years old. We talk now, but still. It makes me angry he did that to me. I don't think he spoke to his own children like that. Maybe, but, I can't be certain. I felt the anger was hatred for bringing "shame" to the family just for being born. The bastard child. The black-sheep children (my sister and I).I was thinking in the last year that perhaps i've never broken out of that shell of thought. Constantly calling myself the bad guy and failure. Struggling with self-esteem issues. Battling extremely bad depression from about eighteen years old. Still get it now but it is much more manageable. I've internalised a narrative, one that brands me as a bad person not worthy of love or affection. All my adult romantic relationships have burnt-out in this fashion. I leave the person first before they will leave me. Being abandoned by my parents as a child and then emotionally abused and verbally assaulted by my caregivers as a child really screwed me up. Then the abuse by my sister that ensued after this. I've found it more difficult than I thought that it would be living with my grandmother again. It must be all the past bad memories surfacing again. We clash often. It's hard to tolerate. I just don't say much to her now. That seems to be the best method, sadly. We still talk but it is limited. I know she cares for me still but it is kind of like a hate-poisoned love. That's the best way to describe it.Things have improved dramatically in my life, though. I feel happier and at peace with all the things that have happened to me. I see them objectively now and don't attached self-blame anymore, like I used to do subconsciously. I was just a child. How was I supposed to know any better. I'm sorry if this is very long, if anybody actually reads this but I felt it was important I get this out. Hopefully it is coherent and lucid. It is not too traumatic bringing up these past memories now because i've learned to work through them. I view them differently. I guess I achieved this through psychoanalysis and CBT techniques. I've only seen a university psychologist worker once for grief counselling. She told me I was coping fine so not to bother with returning to see her. I think this was probably pretty shitty advice, but hey. I feel she based her assessment on how I answered the question about suicide. Which I lied about. She asked, "have you thought about how you would kill yourself," I lied and gave an ambigious "no" response. I have in the past heavily considered suicide. Self-medicating with drugs, alcohol and sex was a way, I feel, of self-harming or self-soothing these childhood wounds I discussed. I did think about killing myself before though at my lowest points and stayed up a few very long, insane nights, on the edge. I guess it is safe to say that music, art, beauty, friendship, knowledge and love saved my life. Don't worry I'm not suicidal now. I do think about how I would do it from time to time (very rarely now). But, overall, I am at peace with my life now and want to leave my shitty past behind. My sister is still heavily destroyed by the ghosts of her childhood. She probably had it worse than me maybe. I can't be sure. She has a hoarding problem still. As did my mother. My dad has a gambling problem but seems to be managing better now. I can't change how they live their lives, although, I can provide my emotional support where possible. I do feel better after writing this. Writing this has served the purpose of materialising my thoughts. It was therapeutic. Any comments would be appreciated. Sincerely yours,
Sharing this resource from MaleSurvivor.org. A great org for male survivors of sexual abuse. http://www.malesurvivor.org/docs/The-Seeds-of-Hope.pdfthe seeds:1 You are not alone2 It was not your fault3 It is possible to heal4. It is never too late
The guy I used to call my grandfather. The guy who molested my sister and I from age 2 to 14.He died December 30th. I'm just hearing about it now because I mentioned how I was editing him out of the family home videos to my mom, who didn't know if she wanted to tell me.I entered high school with a therapist and a huge chip on my shoulder because of this guy. I was mentally fucked up for a long time. The happiest time in my life was when I had a short recovery period, only to be taken away with a relapse of PTSD. I've been through 3 therapists, 5 psychiatrists, a psychologist and an inpatient hospital stay. I've gone through drug abuse and self harm. I got into a bad relationship just to prove that I was still desirable. I couldn't sleep without a nightlight until I was 18.I've been waiting for this day and I'm not sure what to feel anymore. My roommate was nice enough to keep me talking for a while because if I was talking to her, I wasn't thinking about it.It's oddly timed. I was doing really well even though I was doing some triggering shit. I've felt close to recovery with the medication I'm on. I'm writing. I'm drawing. I'm sticking to my New Years Resolutions. I just feel like I've got my shit together.Now I'm upsetting myself wondering what I actually feel about this. I'm oscillating between laughing and crying.I know what I'm going to do tonight. I'm going to get drunk and put this off for another day, because I don't have the energy to really get into it tonight. I want one more day of recovery before I dredge everything up again.I don't know what I want to do about my grandmother, who married him into the family. She's my dad's mother, his last remaining parent. She chose a predator over family, cutting us off except for the few times she ran into my little sister around town. She stood by a child molester, and I really wonder why. How fucked up is her thinking? Can our relationship be salvaged?Am I going to be okay now that he's dead?
so basically I decided (far too late in life) that I am no longer gonna be a punching bag or a piece of meat to people in my life,and cut out two friendships in my life. They were also my only friends (yikes), so yea I am pretty lonely. I still hang out with coworkers and stuff though so I do socialize. The thing that bothers me the most is that I feel guilty about leaving them. I suppose it's because I'm use to it ( I have narcissistic parents who guilt tripped me all the time) and I'm feeling like I'm extra aggressive and over the top mean because I didn't give them another chance ( to continue the abuse). Most people would think " I'd rather be alone than hang out with those losers" but not me. Im use to being a doormat. How can I get over this and move on to hopefully healthier relationships, and maybe even forget they existed?
In October I had a break down due to the trauma I suffered from being abused by my brother from the time I was 5. I started seeing a therapist and have been avoiding him ever since which was especially difficult due to my mom wanting everyone to be together. This is after I had told her, my dad, my sister and sister's husband about the abuse. I thought I was finally out of the woods and then I got this message from him almost an hour ago"So what the fuck is your problem? Me? My wife? My kids? All of us. Be a fucking adult and say something if you have a fucking problem with us. We get to mom's house and you run away, i get there to pick up *redacted* and you run away. If you don't want us around just fucking say so."I sent it to my therapist and asked what to do. She hasn't responded yet and I'm slowly getting more anxious.
Hi there, I am new here and this is my first post. I don't know why I feel so inclined to type this all out, but here goes... I have some very fuzzy memories of my father being sexually abusive towards me as a 4 year old little girl. My mom had left him and didn't take me with her. When I say fuzzy, I mean I remember very little snippets, almost like they were just a dream which I have pretty much accepted up until now. Nothing else ever happened sexually by my dad, but physical abuse was definitely a common occurrence. When I was about 9, my father was married to my step mother who had been mildly physically abusing me for about two years at that point. My stepmother's brother was then introduced into my life, he got me started smoking pot, drinking, and snorting prescription meds he got from my stepmom. He went on vacation with us when I was around 9 or 10 and molested me several times, I didn't fight back because I was scared, confused, etc. This went on for about 2 years, he would come over (my father worked nights and weekends, so I pretty much never saw him, my stepmother was my guardian, and she admits today that she knew what was happening) and we would get hi, he would start being inappropriate and I just... shut down I guess. I was 12 years old, very introverted, depressed, and terrified all the time. My step mother was extremely abusive as well, routinely threatened my life, hit me, kicked me, made me eat cigarettes, scrubbed my hands until they bled, locked me in closets, extreme emotional abuse etc. The only time I was happy was when I was hi. One day after a huge blowout with my stepmom, I went into her medicine cabinet (she has some pretty serious ailments, so she is on a LOT of meds) and took whatever pills I could find. I tried to commit suicide at 12 years old, and I failed. I pretty much took a bunch of her pills, went to sleep, and woke up a day later in a pool of my own sweat. I tried telling my dad what was going on at least between my step-uncle and I, and he wrote it off as "kissing cousins" under the influence of alcohol. Nothing changed, except I did get my step-uncle to leave me alone. Meanwhile, whenever I would visit my mother, I would leave my moms house and go hang out with the local metal heads, one of which was a 21 year old male who I ended up falling (in lust) with. He also supplied much of the extra-curricular materials we often used in order to have a good time. My mom spent very little time with me while I was at her house due to my brother being a very sickly baby, and her having a crazy work schedule. Skip to being 13 years old, getting caught with cocaine by the cops, getting my 21 year old boyfriend arrested as a sex offender, and getting thrown into the psych ward of a hospital in order to sort out my problems and get clean. My dad was in Florida on vacation when all this was going down, and when he got back, he immediately pulled me out of the psych ward due to a $20,000 bill and sent me to live with my aunt while court proceedings were happening with my 21 year old ex boyfriend/dealer/fuck buddy. My stepmom denied any abuse, told him she had no idea how I was getting ahold of drugs or alcohol, told him that her brother was an angel sent from heaven, and of course he chose to believe her and is still married to her to this day. Anyway, I went to live with my mom after my aunt's house, and from age 13 to 15 I was an absolute mess. I went missing all the time, usually because I was too high on ecstasy to go home, I ditched school daily, did blow in the bathrooms instead of going to class, binged on generic pseudo, drank, dated older guys who would supply my demand, ended up "running away" and landed myself in rehab after getting thrown out of a car by my then boyfriend. I spent 6 months in rehab, long story short I didn't get clean, when I was about 16 and a half my parents told me to leave and not come back, so I did. I got clean by the time I was seventeen, but I was dating a complete douche who was three times my size and liked to hit people smaller than him. He did a lot of ecstasy, and eventually we reached our breaking point-he hit me in front of my little brother. I am 22 years old now, and life has been great since I was 17. Got married, had a baby, going to school, great job, etc. Problem is, I can't get thoughts of my past abuse out of my head. It is crippling, and I just need someone, anyone to talk to so I can move on. 
okay, i'm not really sure how to actually type this out.  i almost never open up about this, it's always uncomfortable and I feel like no one really gets what it's like to have been through abuse when i try to tell them about it. the few friends i've told have sympathy, but they'll act like they're walking on eggshells around me a good while after i tell them until we kind of just forget about the conversation.  i was sitting in bed and thinking about how i've never talked to anyone who had a similar experience to mine, and i think i might find some comfort in that, or maybe some people i can relate to with the matter. i don't know. so, when i was 4 years old, my mom's boyfriend at the time molested me.  she met him online, and there was a considerable age difference.  after she'd been dating him for a while, she finally felt comfortable letting him watch me and my 2 brothers while she went out to do errands.  one of these times it was just me and him, and i was playing my new little mermaid video game i was really excited about.  i don't remember much, but i have a crystal clear memory of him getting very close to my face and saying,"if you tell anyone, i'm gonna kill your momma." with a smile.  and my mom told me years later when I was a teenager that when she came home that day i was crying and telling her how much i loved her.some time passed, and i told my cousin about it when we were taking a bath together, and my aunt overheard.  that's how it got around with the family.  the man who did this to me got banned from living in our county and put on the sex offenders registry, and my family later found out that he'd done the same to other kids, meeting moms online who had young children.now i'm going to talk about what gets to me the most: the aftermath.i'm 18 now.  once every few years, it'll come up and i'll talk about it with my mom.  she doesn't believe i've suppressed the memory because after it happened, i started having frequent nightmares and she would hear me cry in my sleep.  she feels like the shittiest mom in the world, and it hurts me so much to see her think like that.  there is nothing she could've done, and i try so hard to convince her that it could have happened just as easily to someone else.  and i feel like because of this happening to me, my entire family is really sensitive towards me.  i can't really explain it because its been this way all my life, but i can't help but feel like things would be way different, that I would be way different if it hadn't happened.like a lot of victims of childhood sexual abuse, i got too sexually inappropriate too early, and a completely warped idea of sexuality.  this went on until i was about 14.  also, i can't stand people touching my without permission or getting too close or i'll feel like i can't breath. and i've never trusted men, sometimes even family members.  i get anxiety if i'm in the same room alone with a guy over like 25 in the same room as me.  i feel like because this happened to me that mentally i didn't develop properly sexually or something, and i identify as asexual now.  i lost my virginity a few months ago, just to get it over with, and now i don't think i'd want to do it again.  being exposed to sexual things that early and warping my view on the matter, sex has always been a terrifying thing to me, and i just really wish i was normal and wanted it like other people my age do.  i worry about ever being in a serious relationship because i won't have sex with them or i won't enjoy it.  i have nights like this where i get to thinking and wonder if it'll ever happen, because i feel like no one could ever actually love me because of this messed up part of me that i carry around.survivors of childhood sexual abuse who grew up and had healthy relationships, how did you work through it? all this being said, this is just something i think about a lot and i decided to write it down and see if anyone else is the same.  i'm sorry that it's kind of a hot mess, i just wanted to get all of it out for once, i've never shared this much of it with anyone before.  most of the time i feel like i am over it, but a lot of times i wonder how i would have ended up if this had never happened to me.
It started when I was around the age of 3-7 and once in my mid 20's. 5-6 people all up had abused me.Sexual abuse by extended family, my half uncle started it. No penetration. Then family friends took advantage of me also.I'm 28/male, struggling to fit in, confidence is down, prefer women, but have dabbled with guys. Thinking about taking my life away. I have no kids of my own, TBH I'm not really interested in having children I think in this lifetime. Not with some of the experienced horrors I've had to go through. Tried meditation, semi-worked. Tried psychedelics, left me wondering even more, and an addiction for escapism/peace on that level, which I'm trying to ween myself away from now.My memory is completely shot, I'm forgetting things all the time. Except for the worst that has happened to me.I do have a beautiful and supportive family, they know my issues. I want to release this pain I can't fix. Suicide is looking like the only option. Something quick and painless. I recently encountered an angel of death, bringing the message that I will be knocked. Unsure as to why. Why waste the money? I will do it myself shortly, possibly....  
  Long story short, I was a normal child until we met my step-father. Things seemed a little strange as we’d stay at stranger’s homes and never hung around long until my single-mother met my womanizing, self-destructive step-father from hell. I never understood it. Any of it.(than as I sit here sucking on a rum bottle, I realize why I walked in on my mother sleeping with all the men that we stayed with, just to have somewhere to stay...we never had enough money for a home. Fun...). As time ran on, evictions and complaints ran rampant, we moved from Montana to Massachusetts, situating ourselves in an upstairs apartment.  My brother was to live in the downstairs part of this duplex, while I lived alone with my parents upstairs. Things seemed normal, I was in school, doing well. I spent a lot of time with family, loved my outings with my cousin. My aunt and I were super close and I remember vividly, staring in awe at her crystal collection. I was genuinely happy, but course demons try to crawl their way out of hell and oftentimes succeed.   The demon infected a mere ten year old child with sexual assault, sticking it’s grimy fingers into innocence, destroying any power and confidence that child had. Unfortunately, that is me. He followed my family, causing disruption, repeatedly catching me off guard. The second time my body was desecrated; I called my grandmother heaving and left home to stay with her downstairs. My cries for help were blatantly ignored, as my mother was too interested in her boyfriend to listen when her child shakily begged “He touched me, please help”, and my grandmother too ignorant to care. “She turned him on”. They say, “She is lying, she just doesn’t like him!”   I spent my childhood getting felt up by my satanic step-father. I learned to avoid him at all costs and disappear when he came into the room, which made my ‘parents’ try to “Make us a family” again. Every part of me was taken advantage of by him. But it got so much worse as time went on. Eventually I was so disturbed that the teachers and my parents put me into school counseling services. I told them what had happened, but I had a hunch. They didn’t believe me. No one did. So I told them my stepfather threatened to kill me. Anything to get him away from me. After all, I was 12.   Legal problems, threats of “homelessness” and “isolation” were thrown my way, as well as my kitten used as a weapon. “You’ll never see her again if you don’t drop this!” I was told. “You will never see us again if you keep lying!”.  I wanted nothing more than a family, so I caved and told the social workers that I lied. The second biggest mistake of my life.   Having had a nightmarish time with my family, I was sent to another state to live with my biological father. Things were better, although my developing post-traumatic stress reared its ugly head. My father and stepmother got sick of dealing with my depressive symptoms, and sent me to my second grandmother’s home, where I was told how useless I was for a year. How everyone hated me and that’s why I lived there.  Maine State almost took me, as I was considered by an entire town at this point, as a lying child with no future. A screwed up little human.  I was instead sent back to my mothers. Again, used as a sex-toy for my pedophile step father. This horrific time continued as my step-father was using cocaine, alcohol, and found cheating on my mother with my aunt, and a whole bunch of human trash. They threw things at eachother all the time, used me as a weapon against suicide and mentally scarred me for life. My mother kicked my stepfather out, and for a short time I was free. Than he pulled a gun on himself and she rescued him. He said he’d get better, but the abuse continued. He was sent to an asylum about three times, got aggressive with my mother, threatened to hurt us. Looked me straight in the face when I was 14, and told me I was a bitch. That was after I told him to get away from my mom when he had a keyboard in his hands ready to beat her with it. When things calmed a bit, my step-father thought of us as a ‘couple’. He’d constantly grab my ass, try to get me drunk. He always had arguments that my mom was jealous of our relationship.  He took me on car rides and masturbated as I was learning to drive. He went to grab me and for once in my life I slapped him away.I fell into a depression, and the night I caught him taking photos of me in the shower, I cut my wrists open. I was done. Unfortunately, I failed.  All this abuse hindered my ability to continue homeschooling. Yes, I was homeschooled after I dropped out of school in 4th grade.  My mom stopped teaching me.  But this was the least of my worries, as I was trying to figure out how to escape. Forever trapped and isolated in this abuse.The second time I tried to kill myself was with pesticides. I sprayed a ton of wasp killer into a colored plastic cup and attempted to drink it. Instead, I inhaled the fumes. The third and fourth times were with prescribed muscle-relaxers. I overdosed twice on them. I never wanted to wake up. Eventually I got out of the house. After being toyed with for too long, I got out. I met my husband. I got out.But the demon still lingers. In the last three years I’ve had numerous suicide attempts. I’ve cut my wrists, overdosed on Ativan, drank alcohol with opiate painkillers, got hooked on opiate painkillers, used benzos to drown my emotions away. None of this worked. I’m still here.I’ve gone to psychiatrists who prescribe placebo pills, SSRIs that make me much more anxious. I don’t go outside anymore. I don’t talk to people. I don’t want a family. I’ve had more than 7 jobs in the last three years. I never graduated 8th grade, yet everyone assumes this was because of being lazy. Well. It wasn’t. It was, feast or famine. Survive or die. Now I sit here in the cold, angry, hateful. I have no easy way to the future. I sit here daily thinking about how much I hate normal people, how lucky my in-laws are for being able to go to school, get college. The reason I wrote this today was because I’m sick of being judged, when they do not know the true factors that contributed to my suffering, and my status as a 20 year old dropout with no job. I'm tired of hearing about it...… I’m done writing now..
I want to know why people are accusing me of lying. I was abused by my father and raped by a family member and then years later a stranger drugged me and raped me (wasn't a date so I'm not sure the term date rape applies). I didn't talk much about what my father did but it was known he was evil and I  never said a word about either rape for a long time. I started talking a couple years ago and mostly got support about the stranger one which I came out with first. Last spring I told my husband about the family one and he encouraged me to talk to my mother. The support on that one ends there. My brother called me a liar, my step dad said nothing, my aunt listened and hasn't spoken to me since and neither had the rest of the family. My in laws screamed in my face a few days ago that I was a liar and sick. They don't even know who or know the who. They have no connection to the person but still scream about how I'm a filthy liar. I need third party input. Why am I being called names and a liar for finally not hiding anymore? I understand why my blood doesn't want to believe it because they know both of us. My life was threatened and I believed it until hiding the secret was killing me. It's been 13 years since the first one and 7 since the second. Why? It hurts enough without the name calling. I get sick when people suggest I'm a liar because why would I make this up.
I really don't know how much detail I can give, but I suspect somebody that I've come to know is only in their current relationship because of the mental state in which the person she is dating has left her in. Furthermore, her abusive partner has shown to me numerous times the type of psychological damage he enjoys inflicting upon people, and how he'll continue to do so even when faced with insurmountable odds. Granted, I don't know these people well, and they're not people I've ever considered friends, so I don't have any emotional attachment to them, but I can't seem to avoid them, so the behavior continues. This has not only affected me personally, but is also affecting persons close to me, or whom I **do** know and care about, which isn't even remotely fair to them. I would ask how to get everybody out safely, but I don't want to force anybody to live a life I elect, but for the sake of my own health, I **need** to disassociate with these people so that I can work on my own plans for the future. If I can't make the situation stable for everyone involved, how do I at least make it stable for myself?
I'm really sorry if this is the wrong subreddit. I honestly have no idea where else to go.My half-sister (mom's daughter) is severely autistic. Mental age of three, the works. ADHD, OCD, probably lots of anger issues. Spoiled rotten by my mother, tolerated (but not spoiled) by my father.She hits, yells, bites, swears, steals my things...to put this into perspective, the bathroom attached to the guestroom is "my" bathroom; it has all my stuff in it that I take out when we have people over. It and the guest room has a padlock on it so she won't go in and take my things. My room used to have a lock on it but doesn't anymore -- at one point my dad had to replace my door, so it doesn't have a lock on it. I'm at college most of the time, so this isn't an issue.My mother almost refuses to discipline her. I don't know why. I've got roughly another two weeks here before I can go back to school to roommates who don't like me (a whole other kettle of fish).Does this count as abuse if it's by someone who "can't help it"?Sorry again if this is overstepping or in the wrong subreddit.
I seriously don't know. I was abused by both my (divorced) parents, which meant me escaping an abusive household twice. I don't feel like a survivor. I feel more like a victim. I feel like another unfortunate person in the world who just happens to be in these circumstances. I don't think I survived anything, and yet I feel so awful and alone. My life wasn't in danger, my health was pretty much okay. My abuse was verbal from my father (3 years ago), and emotional and economical from my mother (3 months ago). I now have no family left, no friends to turn to. How could have I survived abuse when I feel like I've just been beaten down for the second time?
I want to thank everyone who offered their support and words of encouragement. Unless you have been through it no one can understand it. I am doing better today. Knowing there are people out there that has been through it also and found their happy ending gives me hope that maybe one day I will have mine. Talking here has done more for me then all the years of therapy I went through.  I know I will still have dark days but knowing when I do there are people I can turn to does help.
I'm at the point where I feel the only thing I am good for is to be abused. As a small girl I was told by my mother that I was a mistake and nothing good come will ever come from my existence.  By the time I was 10 I was being sexually abused by my older brother. I was told then it's my fault and I would just have to deal with it. So for 5 years I lived with being violated by him. My room was next to my mother's and she would hear me crying for him to stop. My escape came in the form of a drunk who abused me even worse. That's is when the hitting started plus the rapes. After 10 years I got out of that just to end up with a drug addict. Needless to say over the years the abuse just got worse and worse. There are scars all over my arms and legs cause if no one is abusing me I have to abuse myself. I've been in and out of therapy for years. Now here I am a grown woman with kids who can't be with anyone unless they hit me or treat me like I'm nothing. I'm so tired of feeling like damaged goods. I know no one will ever really love me. I can't let any one in enough to even try to help me heal. Days like today I wish my mother would have aborted me like she wanted. I see no point in even trying anymore. I was only born to be abused used and discarded like yesterday's trash. 
My ex girlfriend would always decide what my opinion was on things, she was insanely jealous and always suspicious of me. She would ask for loads and loads of support but was distant and unwilling to put in effort to helping me with anything. She insisted on taking up all of my time when I needed to focus on school or fail out. She didn't care if she set me off on a panic attack somehow. When I would say no to sex she wouldn't back down and guilted me until I gave in, even after I'd say no repeatedly. She tried to separate me from my friends, while taking them from me and tried to sleep with a few of them. She dumped me without giving a reason and was immediately dating someone she cheated on me with.I dont know if I was abused and im really conflicted and confused and it's hurting my mental health
Hi everyone.  I just got out of a one and a half year relationship on Monday that was emotionally abusive and incredibly damaging to my self-esteem. The abuse started subtle, with helpful advice about how I could be a "better person" or a "better mother to my children". I wanted to do just about anything I could that he asked of me, so I tried to change.  I tried every time he asked me for something else, I gave away more and more of myself to please him.  He conditioned me to fear the words "I Love you" because it was so often followed by "but.." and something I'd done wrong. The cops were called out multiple times over our fighting, but I would always insist I was fine. He would go on drunken rants, calling me every name you could think of. He threw a lit cigarette at me, ripped the blanket off of me while I slept, slammed me into a wall, and I always was left feeling responsible. Towards the end, we were drinking 7 days a week, missing work all the time, and fighting so much that I sent my kids away to live with their father.  I got out, moved a few states away, and almost let him talk me back into flying back to him so we could get sober together, as he told me I was not what my children needed the way I was and that he could help me now that I'd shown him he was an alcoholic and needed to change.  He made a point of putting long, drawn out amends on his facebook, tagging everyone he may have wronged in the past, talking about how much he wants to change for them.  It all looked so good and sounded so promising.  I foolishly asked if I would be getting one, and was told that my amends would depend on whether or not I came back. He said he could hopefully one day forgive my leaving him, and we could work past it. On the day of my flight, I canceled. I no longer wanted to feel the way I let myself feel around him and because of him. The loving words he'd been feeding me since I left were gone, replaced with name calling, threats to have my children taken away from me, and ended with him telling me to kill myself before I do any more damage to my kids. His long,drawn out amends to me detailed every perceived slight against him, painting himself as a martyr in nearly every one.  He even went into explicit detail about a rape situation I was in, for his entire friends list to see.  I've blocked him, cut off contact, but we share so many mutual friends still and had built up a life together.  I'm feeling so alone right now, because I lost all my friends I had before him.  Our mutual friends are tired of the drama between us.  I'm just glad I found others that can understand the emptiness I'm feeling.  The guilt, and the blame I've piled on myself.  Whew.  That got winded.  Thanks, if you've made it this far.
hi all, i'm new to the forum. just yesterday i left an emotionally abusive relationship and i've been really sad about it. he was very manipulative and this was the second time we were in a relationship a few months after we broke up the first time. he seemed like he changed and had gotten better but unfortunately i learned that wasn't true. he used to be very passive aggressive and subtly manipulative. he also used to pressure me about having kids even knowing how young i am and that i was undecided on it and pushed it on me so much that sometimes i think the reason i eventually decided to be childfree instead of unsure was because of him. i also felt like he used to take up all of my time and isolate me from the rest of the world and i lost the few friends i had while i was with him. we broke up, then 2 months later we start talking again and he seems like he's changed, claims he doesn't want any kids but yet getting into the relationship he starts getting really close to this girl he claimed was his friend who he barely knew and then when i told him i was uncomfortable with it (due to the fact in the past he had cheated on me) he guilt tripped me and told me he was happy to finally make a friend. he ended up breaking it off with her and then after that he would make posts on his twitter being passive agressive about it which really upset me. then he started the kids thing again just in a different more subtle way and it made me really upset because after what he used to do to me if he ever even mentions kids i get angry or upset because it was a tool he would commonly use to shame and manipulate me, and that ended up in an argument and i was extremely upset that he lied to me about supposedly being childfree. finally we just broke it off yesterday and i'm really upset and depressed because he was the closest relationship i'd ever had. no one has ever understood me the way he did. i feel like no one will love me that way again because we were soul mates and had a connection i have never had with anyone else. i'm just really devestated and i keep feeling like it was my fault and that i'm not worth love or anything
I hope I won't regret not posting this as a throwaway.As I posted to TwoXChromosomes last night, my mom died yesterday after a very sudden illness.I was abused. My dad was extremely physically and emotionally abusive. Some of my first memories are of pissing myself as he beat me. He also thought it best to destroy every smidgen of self-esteem that he saw. To him it was "selfishness." My mom believed that parents should present a "united front" and never defended us in any way. He did not abuse her and I never saw them fight, so when he left her when I was 12 it came as a total shock. Mostly I felt guilty because I was glad my dad was gone, while my mom was falling apart.From age 8 to age 11, I was sexually abused by my oldest brother. When I was 13, I was forced to tell my mother after having told a mandated reporter.  She didn't believe me and accused me of "leading him on", but she made me agree to deny it if the abuse was reported. It wasn't reported, because the mandated reporter was told that CPS would get a wall of denial from my family. By that time, my brother was dating a 12-year-old, who he impregnated and married when she was 15 (that was allowed at the time in the state where I grew up).In some ways my mother was abusive, too. She had a huge closetful of clothes, but I was only allowed to have three shirts, a dress, and two pairs of pants (and they could not be black, because I was a goth as a teenager and she didn't like that). I was allowed one pair of nylons a month (1980s, American South, nylons were "necessary"). One of my most vivid memories was of her attacking me and leaving handprints on my thighs that lasted for days, because I said "shit" after getting a runner in my nylons. I was 14. She also always humiliated me for my weight. She was a yo-yo dieter all her life (which may have led to her death) and even paid for me to be put on [fen-phen](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fenfluramine/phentermine), which could have killed me. I just found out last year why my pedophile brother (who went on to sexually abuse his own daughters) was defended by my mom even after multiple prison terms. He was sexually abused by a teenage babysitter when he was two years old, and my parents made a vow that they would deal with all the fallout from that, no matter what. That included drug abuse and pedophilia. But the last time he got out of prison, she bought him a new car and let her move in with her.As I said. She died last night. I've only talked to her three or four times in the last decade. The last time was about a month ago. I reminded her of the sexual abuse and asked how she could forgive his multiple felony prison terms (she talked a bit about having been arrested herself for not paying a traffic ticket, as if that excused his convictions for things like manufacture of methamphetamine). She said that he was "all she had", even though he literally drove me out of town at gunpoint, after which I moved 5,000 miles away. She knew about this when it happened.I don't know how to mourn. She's my mom. I remember everything about her, how she sounded, the smell of her perfume, how she moved. Now she's in a refrigerated drawer in a morgue. And she's still my mom. I can't believe that we can't reconcile. I can't believe that I cannot ever call her. I just can't believe it ended this way.I'm not sure what my point is in posting this. I just needed to get it out and I have no other way of doing so, I guess. If you bothered to read it all, I thank you.
What do you do when your abuser was a mental health professional?  He used the fact that I was seeking help, put things there to make it look like I had way more problems than I actually had.  He made everything he didn't personally like into a symptom, and I wasn't allowed to leave because he'd put stuff in my file to make it look like I was dangerous and unstable, and he was going to take it to the police if I didn't cooperate.I don't know where to turn.  It's far too triggering to deal with treatment.  I've tried, but I just shut down and then I'm basically unable to cope with even basic needs for 2 days per therapy appointment, just because I'm so terrified and badly triggered.  And because he justified most of the abuse as "treatment" I can't find a therapist that will work with me.  I've tried, but...I can't give them the trust that they tell me is necessary for a working relationship.I'm not coping well and I know it, but I don't know what to do here.  I don't have it in me to make yet another try at therapy with what's happened to me from it.
I'm a 20 year old student who just ended a 1.5 year relationship with a 29 year old. After having a couple of classes over the last year that gave us "red flags" and "are you being abused?" lists as well as seeing my counselor for other things, it became clear awhile ago that I was not being treated in the way that I should have been.The abuse was mostly emotional. Sometimes when he would get upset he would stand and get in my face in a very threatening way and when he would drive me home he would drive recklessly. He also tried to get me pregnant three different times without my consent, so I got on the pill so he couldn't do that again.On top of that I was planning to wait until I was married to have sex, I never planned on doing that with him. He ended up talking me into it. Month after month I would ask if we could stop and wait, he would say yes, and then continue to essentially force himself on me until I consented.He also owes me about $1800 as for some reason he has no bank account and I was helping him pay bills with my credit card, which I only am now able to use $100 of the $1200 spending limit that I had. We are currently on a phone plan together and he going in to remove his line from mine tomorrow after he gives me some money for what he owes.He will not stop texting me. He keeps saying that he's coughing up blood and needs to go to the doctor. He keeps saying that he loves me and misses me. I don't respond unless I need to for planning tomorrow.I feel very free and very stuck at the same time right now. Thank God that Christmas break is coming up, the Lord knows I need it.
This is something very close to me, I wanted to share my thoughts on it. http://sarahdaltry.com/2014/12/11/what-rape-culture-feels-like/#more-4748
Howdy. I myself am a childhood sexual abuse suvivor. I have had lots of therapy to deal with it. Have been seeing a guy as a friend with hopes for more for about a year. I just learned that he is also a survivor. He has some other issues that make it difficult to discuss (he's bipolar), and he is only now starting to deal with it in therapy. I feel incredibly awful and guilty because I have been flirting with him sexually a lot, and it seems that may have triggered some of his issues. I am considering just stopping any sexual overtures toward him, but I don't want him to think that I hate him or am disgusted by his newly-revealed history, and I'm afraid to discuss it for fear of triggering him again. Advice?
I am unsure if I belong in this place. I am a survivor of a type of abuse and I was 13 when things began... I guess before I spill my guts like I am wanting to do after reading all these inspiring things... I want to know if I am in the right place. The long and short of things, I was abused by multiple people for years from when I was 13 to about the time I was 20. I had many partners who have used me and abused me and left me for dead. Yes literally. It was not my family. It was not something I tried to run from or protect myself. It was a lifestyle per se at one point. I just am unsure... If it was something that wasn't when I was too young to say no and fight back do I belong?
EDIT: I guess the hardest part for me though is knowing the difference between someone that's just a negative personality and someone that is downright abusive. Being super critical, needlessly focused on blame and shortcomings.  Are these hallmarks of abuse or does my tendency to internalize and feel responsible make these things just seem worse?---Hey,I have a long history of being a people pleaser and having an over-developed sense of personal responsibility for things that have happened around me or even for the feelings of people I've been in relationships with. My problem at the moment is I'm a afraid I can't tell the difference between what may be verbally or emotionally abusive behavior or something that I should be working to help "make better". When some people in my life are upset I feel like it's my fault. I ask myself "what did I do?"When someone is angry or upset about something, making hostile remarks about a situation, sometimes something I failed to do even though they were just as culpable, I feel like an insignificant ant and smaller than small. I become emotionally distraught when people I care about are emotionally distraught and sometimes feel like they're venting or angry. Which may be directed at the *room* but honestly, feels like I'm being yelled at. Scolded. Berated. Made to feel responsible for some things that either I only had marginal involvement in or possibly even nothing to do with. Like, it's my fault for someone else's problem, concern, obsession, or situation of their own making — like I was supposed to intervene or something. I'm not the first person to assume things others are doing, or not doing has *anything* *whatsoever* to do with me, to be fair. It's just certain people and certain relationships like a significant other, for instance. I am close to a particular person that it *feels* like to me they're unable to find good in anything or take personal responsibility for something or even *accept* that life isn't in their control at all times or won't measure up to their perception of perfection. I'm doing constant battle trying to avoid walking on eggshells or feel responsible for things that I frequently feel like I had nothing to do with. As someone that frequently feels like they're responsible for things around them, and has even been told by professionals that I can't control others reactions or feelings, for me to feel like it's not feels like, ok, maybe I'm on to something. I *feel* abused or at least that I'm close to someone that is always micromanaging or parsing every word or action or event looking for blame as opposed to solutions or being mindful of events that are out of their hands. TL: DR; I feel like I've verbally and emotionally abused by years by someone close to me, but I have trouble understanding the fine line between personal responsibility, empathy, or things that may or may not be my fault. I don't know if I'm crazy, insensitive, or being abused in some way. 
I'm trying to figure out something that happened when I was a kid and how I should be handling it. I'm not really sure if I was abused, or rather an actor in someone else's confusion. I'm a 27 year old male, and at the time this happened, I was 8.EDIT: Adding a TL;DR at the bottom because I didn't realize this got so long.The history: I'm an only child and lived with my very hard-working mother at the time. After school, I went to a "babysitter's" home, a nice lady with a family who would also sit 5-6 other kids for the afternoon until their parents finished with work. My mother would frequently have to work longer hours and I had to stay longer than most of the kids. To alleviate the pressure of the time away from home this would cause, my Mother arranged something so that instead of staying at this lady's house, one of her two son's, let's call them A or B would walk me home at about 4 PM and stay until 8PM when my mother came home. The issue was with B, from my memory he was 13-14 on the low end, 16 at the most. I'm leaning towards the lower end though.Here's the description of what happened which makes me write this. I'm going to keep it really short because I'm beginning to feel a strong aversion to writing about it: At this age I knew nothing about sex or reproductive anatomy outside of what I had. I thought sex was prolonged kissing. After some time, he told me about a sexual encounter he had with a girl in fairly full detail. Which, having never really been exposed to anything sexual at that point, was exciting for me. But he taught me what masturbation was and how to do it. He would have us take off our clothes, and there would be touching with hands and our penises. There wasn't ever any full act taken to "completion" by either side, though I do recall a point where he wanted me to perform oral on him but thank god I thought it was too "yucky" to put it in my mouth (I hope this gives a sense of where I was mentally). It happened a few times when I was at my house. Sometimes we would just be playing video games at my house and I would want to initiate the activity. He came up with a "code name" for us to use to describe these activities, "playing board games", in case anyone asked us what we did and I can't remember specifically, but he taught me to not speak about it to anyone, of course. Eventually the babysitter moved further away, so the arrangement for me to go home ended and I still went to her place, but these things never came up at her place. B didn't bother me or interact with me at all really when I was there ever again. Eventually I moved away from the town and that was about it.Luckily, I've never felt traumatized from all of this. I haven't developed any particular kinks, preferences, and generally I am a very good romantic partner romantically and sexually. I've had a "normal" love life, with a few bad break ups and many more "positive" ones where both parties leave respectfully. The only affect it had on me was I started masturbating at that age, which I think is probably too early, but reading and understanding young male adolescence, it was never really to excess. I didn't even really think about it again until I was dating a girl who had been sexually abused in her past. We were discussing our past and I essentially told her this story and she told me I had been molested. Until then, I had never thought about it that way. I had always just seen it as a thing that happens, and that's it.Here's where I don't know what to do. That ex-GF telling me what it was and me attending a mandated reporter training (I was a teacher for a Catholic school for a short period and as part of their prevention program...) made me realize something was wrong. I learned that what happened probably qualified as some kind of abuse. The "code word" thing, swearing to secrecy, telling me stories to get me aroused are all signs of an abuser. However, he was 13 at youngest, probably 14. So he may have been just a minor and confused sexually. I had since looked him up on Facebook, and he was in a relationship with a girl, in grad school, etc. So here are my questions. Firstly, was this abuse? And if so, then what do I do about it? Do I confront him? Do I report it to police? I recognize I should probably get some therapy about it, but generally I feel fine and have been fine in areas (personal, romantic, sexual) for my adult life. I do feel some anger towards him for bringing all that on me way too early, but like I said, I can just not think about it or feel it if need be. Part of me worries though that abusers don't just outright stop, and I have no idea if he's out there still doing this, or if he could continue to do so. Is it my responsibility to make it hard for him to have access to children by bringing up charges? I would like some closure, but don't know what that would entail at all.   TL;DR At age 8 my 13 year old babysitter introduced me to and got me to willingly participate in sexual acts. No extensive trauma, but now at 27 want clarification and need to figure out what I should do about it. Thank you very much for reading, and in advance I really appreciate the help!
My ex-girlfriend used to beat me...It all began with slapping me whenever I did something that displeased her and she lost her mind. The first time it happened was because I told her that I wouldn't stop talking to a friend that she didn't like, then she slapped me in public because she *thought* that I was smiling at another girl and then the beatings got more severe with punches and kicks. I couldn't even defend myself because I knew that even grabbing her wrists would leave bruises all over and she threatened to call the police on me because I WAS BEING VIOLENT. I wasn't, I was just defending myself with the uttermost caution not to hurt her.I tried to leave her for the first time she slapped me but I loved her, I really wanted to be with her so I just got used to the beatings. One time I lost my mind and dragged her out of my house and it was the only time that I was truly violent with her and I feel a lot of remorse for having done it. She used that as an excuse whenever she beat me like if I did it once she had all the right to do it to me as many times as she pleased and it isn't that she liked to be violent but she would lose her mind and find it difficult to control.The last time it happened was the worst and I still carry vivid memories of that happening... Our relationship was in shambles and someone she was talking to suggested that she should control my facebook because I was talking to other girls (I wasn't). She demanded to see my mobile and I said NO, NO and NO. She wanted to see my Activity Log or whatever, I stood on my stance and said No. When she realized that I wouldn't show her nothing, she completely lost it and started kicked and punched me multiple times, she even spat on my face and that went on for more than 10 or 20 minutes. I tried to defend myself without hurting, tried to go away but she wouldn't let me. I was being hit by all sides and couldn't do shit. I tried grabbing on her wrists to make her stop and she kicked me over and over again, at times I managed to block her arms and legs until she calmed down but she always managed to escape. Then I tried to run away and escape from the apartment's roof but she grabbed my from the back and somehow I grabbed on her arms to throw her at the sofa, used too much force and ended up hurting her bad. At the time I thought I had broken her arm, she said that she'd go to the police. I felt sorry for her and I just wanted to die. I felt ashamed for what I had done to her and you know what? YOU KNOW WHAT MAKES ME ANGRY? Looking back I should have punched her, knocked the fuck out of her on the floor and not give a fuck if she's a girl. Call the police, I don't give a fuck, you had it coming! But NO, I was a fucking pussy, I allowed her to do that shit. I should have given her a sucker punch right on her stomach so that she feels how good it feels to take a punch. Maybe she would have respected me. But no, I was too afraid of the consequences, too afraid because society and police normally stays on the side of women, too afraid because I live on a damn small city and I'd probably be ostracised if people knew, too afraid because I'm an immigrant and I could be deported for if I was found guilty of domestic violence.Looking back, I shouldn't even have continued the relationship after the first slap. I should have had some self-respect and told her that I accept her apologies but I wouldn't like to continue dating her.Now I can't even talk about it with my friends, first because I don't want to be seen as a pussy and because she'd probably spread rumours about me once she found out that I opened my mouth on the subject. I keep my mouth shut, I keep it all to myself. I fear that girl, I fear that she could ruin my life even though I'm not with her anymore. I had to block her everywhere in my life because I always get anxious whenever I think about her and you know what is worse? I still miss her, I miss her a whole lot and sometimes I just want to be with her again. I cling to the illusion that things could be perfect between us, if only something changed.
Hello, all. Over the course of a few months, I wrote a letter that re-connected me with my father after not communicating for a little over three years. This period of non-communication was a result of years of emotional, verbal, and at times physical abuse. My father also has an undiagnosed mental illness - he hears things, he sees things, he is intensely paranoid of everything and everyone around him, and has been unable to hold a job for almost 20 years (my mom was the breadwinner of the family). Anyways...I'd like to share this letter, or at least half of it (as it is about 6 1/2 pages long). I think that people could use it as a "frame" to write their own letters to their abusers if they so desire. Is this the right place to post about this? 
I was sexually abused by my older nephew for over 8 years. I recently told people. He was only two years older than me. Am I just a willing party in incest? Or am I an abuse survivor? I know this seems like a stupid question, but I am just now coming to terms with what happened.  He coerced me into doing it. He made me keep it secret and he took advantage of me. I can't help feeling like its my fault...like I led him to believe I wanted it. Is this normal? I feel so lost. I genuinely don't know if it is considered abuse. I need some guidance.
Hi,In advance, let me apologize for the wall of text that follows. I'll add a TL/DR at the end because it might be too much to get through.I'm not sure where to start - but I know I'm terrified. I've been in therapy for almost a year, first starting to deal with serious depression and body issues. It was a long time coming, and I've suffered from periods of depression throughout my life (I'm 31). After six months or so and starting medication (the first one that helped), I've started making some really good progress on both fronts - including a general feeling of safety and a safe space at my therapist's office. I started doing yoga, and for the first time ever I sometimes feel connected to my body.I've realized both parents are narcissists, and this realization has brought up some memories from my childhood. I wrote some of them down, and that brought back more. Because of the narcissist thing, I've been looking at everything with a new set of eyes. So what brought me here is this: I now have these fragmented pieces of growing up that all point to possible abuse in my childhood, but no memories of an actual incident. My deep dark secret has always been that I think I molested my younger sister (18 months younger). I have this memory of getting her to take her pants off, and I took mine off, and we basically humped. I remember that I told her she had to (there may have been some threat of revealing other bad behavior to our mother), and that it was at least somewhat predatory. We haven't talked about it in YEARS, but she remembers it as a larger set of time/types (kissing?), and that I definitely forced it on her. My mother walked in on us one time (I think it happened a few times) and FREAKED OUT at us. I *think* we were around 6 years old... but I don't really have any context.That's the central memory, but there's also these:* I wet the bed until I was at least 10. * I remember walking in on my mother looking at my sister's genitals and I freaked out - I just knew what was happening was WRONG. I was later told that my sister had a yeast infection and my mother was trying to either see what was wrong, or put cream on it?  * My uncle lived in our basement until I was 8 or so? I had these recurring nightmares where I would hear thudding (like the sound of your heartbeat when you ear is pressed closed - I have actually been terrified of this sound as far back as the blanket incident below). I knew the thudding was coming from the basement - getting closer to the door, and that something TERRIBLE was going to happen to me. I remember parts of the first time it happened - sitting on my bed under my yellow blanket praying that I couldn't be seen through it, though I could see light on the other side. The next day, my mom made up some story that it was a pony from the farm down the street trying to get through the basement door. When I brought it up after I was an adult, she said "It was probably your uncle having sex with one of his girlfriends"* When I was 12, the same uncle had his first baby. I was excited to babysit, so went over there when the baby was 10 days old. He and his girlfriend went out and got drunk, and inevitably got in a fight - I think it was because he wanted sex? I was sleeping on the couch, and he was ousted from his room, so he came and slept on the couch too. We were head-to-foot. I remember waking up and realizing that his foot was (nestled? stuck into? pushing into?) my vagina. My reaction - I was afraid to move and just left it there until he stirred in his sleep and it was gone. I remember being soo worried that his girlfriend would come out and see what happened. This was also the first time I menstruated.* To this day my uncle is *very* inappropriate with me - making jokes about how sexy I look or making "jokes" about whether or not "I've been fucked" lately... Telling me about a growth on his balls, or about how big his friend's junk is... It all feels really creepyThose are the solid memories. Every time I think about the fact that they, plus residual thought pathways/behaviors could mean I was sexually abused as a kid - I completely break down (Residuals: I want to vomit anytime a woman is raped on TV or in movies, but I had rape fantasies while masturbating for most of my post-pubescent life; I was a cutter in college - because i knew my body was the enemy, I am also a compulsive eater; I was fairly promiscuous between my abusive ex-fiance until I started dating my now-husband).But - I don't have any memories of actual abuse. Could I be wrong? Could I be making this up? Am I making something out of nothing here? I'm so lost and confused and my gut is saying I'm not wrong but I don't know if I can trust it.I'm not sure what I'm asking for with this post... support? similar stories? things that helped?Thanks in advance for taking the time to read this.TL/DR: Some fragmented memories and a gut feeling point towards childhood sexual abuse (I'm an adult) but I have no actual memories. What does that mean?EDIT: Formatting
This is what happened with my mom: My mother was verbally and emotionally abusive (things had just started turning physical with hitting etc.) for 13 years. My dad explained to me that he and my mom were separating and that he was doing it so she can heal and so the cycle of abuse could be broken.Things go well for a few months, my brother and I start therapy and see our mother for dinner once a week. Over time, she gets better (repairs her broken "foundations" as my dad calls it) and now she's probably my best friend. Recently, I was talking to my mom in the car and I mentioned her abuse and she flat out denied it saying that she wasn't abusive, she was "burnt out" And this is what happened with my dad's ex:Three months after my mom moves out, my dad's young friend (she was around 20 at the time, I was 14 and my brother 16) starts dating my dad. She and I had been friends, almost sisters until she and my dad started dating, which made me extremely uncomfortable. After about six months of dating my dad, she becomes extremely critical of me. She questions my femininty, why I don't dress a certain way, why I don't have a certain friend group and then it turned into bullying. She would bully me and I would defend myself and she would go to my dad crying about how I said something mean to her and I would get disciplined for it. This went on and got worse until I was about 17. We couldn't be in the same room and my dad would criticize me for not being civil to her when at this point, I was just trying to be the bigger person by not responding to her when she told me how horrible I was at being a well-mannered young woman and was doing a horrible job representing my family. While GF was horrible to me, she treated my brother and dad like royalty, always giving them hugs and love and support. My dad broke up with his girlfriend right around when I turned 18 and has since gone on to be with two wonderful women. One with whom it didn't work out, but she and I bonded and are still good friends, and the one he is with now who is also extremely wonderful. I'm 20 now and the combination of my mom denying being abusive and my dad not acknowledging his abusive ex and how she treated me has just been grating on me. I know I need to mention both of these to one or both of my parents but I don't know how to approach it. I also needed to get some of this out since not a lot of my friends know enough about the situation to help or feel comfortable handling it. Note: This isn't my main account since some friends and family members that I don't want knowing about this, know my main account username
I decided to post, after finding this subreddit. I intend to use fake names for each person involved in this story, but it's going to span several years. Hopefully it won't be too long. *EDIT* Wow, that turned out WAY longer than I expected. Sorry about that.------------------     When I was 8, my father remarried. My stepmother seemed okay, at first. Her oldest daughter got married to Lewis. Lewis was an ass. He enjoyed punishing us girls (one younger stepsister, and two older than me, plus his wife - 5 of us in all) for every little thing we did. Dropped something? In the corner! Broke something? Spanking time! He used a paint stirring stick to spank us. I'd had them used on me by my dad for my entire childhood, but Lewis took it to a new level. Instead of one sized for 1 gallon paint containers, it was one designed for a 5 gallon container. He cut grooves and holes into it as well, to make sure that it hurt every single stroke. I hated him with a passion.         The summer I turned 9, I went to spend the summer with my mother. This had been an ongoing thing since my parents divorced when I was 2. My stepfather had a habit of locking me outside the house during the day, so that he could watch porn in the living room. I didn't mind too much, most of the time, because I enjoyed playing outside. Though being locked out in the middle of the Tuscon summer was considerably less fun.         My mother and I went bowling for my birthday. She needed more money for a few more games, since she had only brought in enough for a couple of games. She sent me to the car to get it. On the way out, I passed some creepy looking guys. There were 4 of them. I made it to the car, and unlocked the door, climbing inside to be able to reach the money. (I'm still extremely short, it was worse as a child.) I felt a hand wrap around my ankle, and haul me out of the car. I was gang raped around the side of that building. They passed me around like some kind of toy, one after another. When they finished with me, they just left. Left me standing there, bruised, scratched, and bleeding. My mother never came out to see what was wrong. I got my jacket from the car, and wrapped it around myself, and went inside. When I told her what happened, she simply looked at me and rolled her eyes, and told me to stop lying. There was blood running down both of my legs, and she told me I was faking it.         Summer ended, and it was time to go back to my father's for the school year. I had spoken to my dad previously, and told him that if Lewis wasn't nicer, I wouldn't be coming back. I'd either stay with my mother, or move back in with my grandmother. He called me back a couple of days later, and said he'd spoken to Lewis, and that he'd be nicer.         I had only been back a few days, the first time he came to my room. He sat down on the edge of my bed, because he'd heard me crying from outside the door. I was reliving my rape from that summer. He was an adult in my life, and I (at the time) thought that I could trust the adults in my life. So I explained to him what happened; told him how I felt during and after, how horrible it was when my mother didn't believe me, how I was freaked out at the idea of going anywhere alone. He pulled me onto his lap, wrapped his arms around me, and rocked me until I stopped crying and fell asleep.         The next night, he was back in my room. He once again sat down on the edge of the bed, but this time, he took my hand and slid it through the gap in his boxers, "showing me" the button on them. Eventually this led further, into getting my entire hand in his boxers completely, and his hand under my nightgown. This happened every night for weeks. My father was always at work at bedtime, and no one else seemed to notice or care what was happening.         Finally, Lewis and my sister moved into their own place, and I finally had a break. I only had to deal with him on weekends, and school vacations. It sucked, but it was tolerable. He kept telling me how he wanted me to "be his little whore" for the entire time he stayed married to my sister. I was glad he lived elsewhere.         They started managing a small motel, in the tiny little town we lived in. Lewis and my sister lived in the managers apartment. There was no other staff. They did the laundry, cleaning, everything. That year, our house caught on fire from faulty wiring. Most of the roof was burned off, and us youngest girls (just 3 of us) were sent to stay with Lewis and my sister. That's when things got really bad for me.         I was 11 at the time, and it was decided that I would be their new maid. Every day, I cleaned all 12 rooms in the motel. Lewis "supervised" me. That was when he started actually raping me. Before that, it had been some seriously heavy petting, but no actual intercourse. In those rooms, it changed to intercourse. When he couldn't perform, he started using objects on me - whatever happened to be handy. I could start a list, but really, use your imagination of a motel room and a maid's cart. That's probably all that needs to be said. We lived with them for almost 2 years.         When I was 13, we moved from that small town to another one in a different state. While living there, my two stepsisters closest in age to me filed sexual abuse charges against my father. The police came to our apartment, dragged me out of the bathtub (literally) and took me to the station to take my statement. Since my father had never done anything even remotely like that to me, I told them that, and that they were accusing the wrong guy.         When I finally got to go back home, I told my stepmom about what Lewis had been doing to me for years. She looked at me, tipped her head to the side, and said, "Well, you wanted him to be nicer to you. How much nicer do you want him to be? You're getting exactly what you asked for, you little bitch, so deal with it." I never brought it up to her again.         After that, I moved in with my mother during the school year, and started spending summers with my father. Unfortunately, since my stepmother didn't care that Lewis was raping me, I still had to associate with him. Even worse, either my father didn't care, or he didn't know. My stepmother told me not to bother him with it "again", so I assumed he knew.         At 14, Lewis asked his wife, my step sister, if she'd be willing to bring me to bed with them. She agreed. I refused several times, but it didn't help. She tied me up, he raped me while she watched. I've still never forgiven her. She did finally leave him, after realizing that her two daughters were rapidly approaching the age that I had been when he started molesting me, and she didn't want the same thing to happen to them.         While living with my mother, I discovered a wild streak. I started partying, drinking, smoking weed, smoking cigarettes, sneaking out, and having sex with just about anyone that would have me. I felt like that was all I was good for, so I may as well be good AT it. So I practiced. A lot. I was enjoying myself, but at the same time I felt dirty, guilty. Like I didn't deserve anything better.         My mother moved back to my hometown with me, when I was 15. I started babysitting for her sister and her husband, especially during the summer and school breaks. They had two daughters at the time. I enjoyed playing with my cousins, and my aunt and uncle were both pot smokers too, and very laid back, so that was an added benefit. They paid me not in cash, but in cartons of cigarettes. It worked out well. Until I started spending the night.         Her husband, Allen, would creep into the living room at night, and start running his hand up and down my leg, until it partially woke me up. He'd nudge my legs apart, get his hand under my panties, and enjoy himself. After the first few months, he started performing oral sex on me each time. The visits could last anywhere from 15 minutes to a couple of hours.         Allen didn't stop until he was arrested and jailed for indecent exposure to two minors. He's now a registered sex offender. I knew he didn't do it. I could have alibied him for the time in question. I let him go down for it anyway. It was more of a choice on which punishment he wanted. I knew he didn't do it, because he had been performing oral sex on me for the two hour block of time it was supposed to have been happening three miles away.         My life continued spiraling out of control at that point. I still had good grades in school, but I was either drunk or high all the time. I was routinely having sex of some sort several times a day, nearly every day of the week, and usually with different partners. I had a few that I saw often, but no boyfriend, and I wasn't interested in having one. I participated in threesomes and orgies, with guys ranging from my age (16ish at the time) to their mid-30's. Sometimes there were other girls, sometimes there weren't. I didn't care. I once again felt dirty, and unlovable. That this was all that was left for me, but it didn't matter, since I was absolutely sure I'd never live past my 18th birthday. If I did, I certainly wouldn't make it past 21. It just couldn't happen.         Four days after my nineteenth birthday, I was married. I had met him when I was 16, introduced by a friend and lover. I thought he was great. He treated me well, seemed like he really cared about me. We had been married a little over 3 months when I got pregnant. We didn't know it at the time. Once we got married, our sex life started degrading. He hated oral sex (giving and receiving) and I loved it. So he started sending me to a mutual friends house, with the request of the friend to "satisfy that shit, so I (he) won't have to"; we were both strangely okay with this.         I had our son at noon. By 3pm, my husband raped me for the first time. In my hospital bed. He spent the next two weeks raping me at least twice a day. At the end of that two weeks, I was pregnant again. The rapes stopped during the pregnancy, but I was yelled at a lot more often, and slapped around a bit.         After I had our second son, I started on the shot, to ensure it wouldn't happen again. He started raping me routinely again, only this time it was anal. If I wasn't bleeding and crying on the ground afterwards, it wasn't good enough. If I didn't scream during it, he'd make sure to find a way to make me scream. Often, I couldn't walk afterwards. When I "misbehaved", I would end up tied and in the closet, sometimes for hours at a time. He also started passing me around to his friends. Inviting them over, and tying me up, then letting them use me one after the other, until they were satisfied. This became an every-weekend thing. I loathed him, I loathed his friends, and most of all, I loathed myself.         I stayed with him for six years. I would try to escape, and he would take it out on our sons. None of the women's shelters had room for me and my two sons, and none of my family could (or would) take all three of us in. He'd abuse them, and I'd come scampering back to get between them again.         At 24, I grew some balls, and rented myself an apartment. I started slowly moving things into it, a little bit at a time, so he wouldn't notice a lot of things gone. It took almost 2 months to finish. When I went to get the last load of things, he was waiting for me. He beat the shit out of me. I ended up with 2 black eyes, a broken nose, 4 cracked ribs, and a broken finger. I had perfect imprints of the tread of his boots on my back, and imprints of the toes of his boots on my chest, where he'd kicked me hard enough to lift me off the ground. I didn't see him again until he started showing up at my workplace. I had a security escort everywhere I went after that.         At 30, I had had two more children, another son and a daughter, with a different father. Well, they shared one, but it was not my husband. I had fallen into a depression spiral, and the state stepped in and took them. My older two were living with their grandmother. I sent them to live with her when myself and my boyfriend both lost our jobs. I wanted to make sure they were taken care of.         I ended up having to move in with my father and stepmother. She still hated me. She made several trips to the hospital, and finally went to stay with one of my older stepsisters. It was just me and my father in the house.         My computer was set up in the living room, because it was the only place I could connect to the internet. His laptop was on the table, about 3 feet in front of me. When he'd come in from work, he'd lock the door, and immediately strip naked, sit down, turn on some porn, and start rubbing one out. I always hid behind my monitor, because that's something I never want to see. When he finished, he'd put some shorts on, and go to bed.         He told me, during one of our long afternoons together with no cable TV, that my two younger stepsisters had been right: he had started having intercourse with them about the time that I turned 9, making one 7 and the other 11. I was shocked, to say the least. He said that he and Lewis had shared them, but that he didn't know that Lewis was also molesting me. He was rather angry about that. It blew my mind.         He also told me that over the last several months, when my niece and her girlfriend were staying there (Lewis's youngest daughter) that he had walked in on them having oral sex, and insisted that he get it too. After that, it became a regular thing until they broke up and moved out. I left a couple of months later - a friend offered me a place to stay that was well away from there, and I jumped at it.    --------------     Here's the part that I'm not sure how to explain to a therapist. Obviously, I can get through my history rather well. I have a wonderful sense of detachment most of the time when telling it. I have flashbacks and nightmares, but not usually when speaking of it. They just show up randomly. My problem is some of the psychological ramifications.         My particular kinks in sex is one of them - I don't even care about actual sex. I want oral sex performed on me, and I want objects used on me. That's actually pretty much it. I don't want to please anyone else, I just want it to be me-centric. I feel slightly guilty about that, but only slightly. A small part of me feels that after everything I've survived, it's my turn to be the one in charge.         I've also got a strange fascination with..... violence. I don't know another way to put it. I enjoy watching not only horror flicks and torture porn, but looking at forensic photos, crime scene photos, suicide aftermaths, etc. I daydream about violence, murder, suicide (not my own), and other things of that nature. I read about serial killers, mass killers, spree killers, serial rapists, serial torturers. And every bit of it turns me on.         On reflection, I realized that a great deal of what I enjoyed before my marriage is stuff that I still enjoy today. I feel weird about that. I know I was molested, and intellectually, I know I'm not responsible for it. But then I look at my teen years, with me sleeping around, and I know that that WAS my choice. That I didn't HAVE to do that, and I feel a great sense of shame, and that what's happening to me now is no more than I deserve. I felt that way while married, as well. That the beatings and the rapes he delivered to me were no more and no less than I deserve for enjoying being molested when I was younger.         I don't think I'm actually a danger to society, even with the thoughts of violence. I've spent a few days in jail (failure to appear for child support!) and I came out more paranoid and filled with social anxiety than I went in. I already know I don't want to go back, and will do whatever is required to NOT go back. So actually acting out on any of my impulses or thoughts is just no.         I want to be completely honest with my therapist. I have my first appointment next week. But I also don't want to be locked up or committed, or stuck on some kind of watch or list because I actually tell the full truth. What do you guys suggest? It sounds like a lot of you have at least been in the ballpark of where I am, in regards to therapy and the fear of being viewed askance. Maybe not for the same reason, but the feelings are similar, I would think. I welcome comments or PMs. Your choice.
Edit: Removing ALL names from post.Just a forewarning, this is a bit long as this encompasses between 2006 to 2010 and a bit of the changes since 2010.The ex is "k"So the (very) long story first:-----2006-----Come late May, after Dillard's inventory, I got a random IM that would end up changing my life forever. I just had gotten home and was still awake. "K" sends me an IM (AOL) asking what I was up to and how I was doing. A few days prior I contacted him via Myspace mail with my screen name. After the brief converstation, he went offline to go to work and I went to bed. Later that day he messages me and we talk for a few hours. He asked me out on a date the next day to Atlantic Station to see the movie Cars and to eat ice cream.At this time, I am living in Bankhead in an apartment with 'b'. Just moved out of the Village with 'b' and starting to enjoy living the better life.The next day we went to see Bodies the exhibit at the Civic Center, which was unique. He paid for me to go and we ended up eatting dinner at my place and fooling around in the bed while it was cooking. This would be early June, 11th I believe. Yes, that would be right, he had me remember that damn day all the time.Now skip to July, he started wanting to only have unprotected sex I really do not know what convenced me to start doing that, since I have always played it safe with sex. But somehow we agreed to it and we started having sex multiple times a day, which I did not think too much into this.When school starts back up, that's when the problems begin with "K's" feelings on the Alliance. After going for a few meetings, "K" informs me that he does not trust any members of the Alliance and how he feels drained after going to the meetings.  The movie nights, that I always had at least once a month were frowned upon as being a work night or being too much work to do. Around that time, I have noticed that most of "K's" stuff was actually in my apartment and more coming in. The roommate even asked me to start talking about 'k' paying part of the rent. That was strange and quite fast. It even sent a flag towards Lacey and Tori that they warned me about when they noticed a small pile of clothes building at my place. I should have listened to that.The last part or social thing that I did with all my friends was in October at a Friday the 13th part that was at the Lofts on campus. True that we had a few (very few) social things here and there, but I would had to beg to "K" to allow them. So at that party, "K" ended up leaving early with me staying. I told him that I wanted to stay since I have not talked to my friend's lately at that time and he just left. When I got home, I did get told that what I did was bad for our relationship and I felt bad and just humblily agreed to never do it again. That was a big mistake.Later that year, two of my friendsleave for England and I was not allowed to see them leave. It left me devistated and I'm pretty sure that's what happened to mine and 'L's" relationship where it turned to shit. After that time, I left "T" as a friend as I was further not really allowed to see her as it would conflict with many of the things that 'K' wanted to do.During the holiday season I switched jobs from Dillard's to Bloomingdale's and was yelled at by 'K' about making a mistake. I told him that I was on thin ice at Dillard's due to lacking sales quotas and I already gotten a paycut for it. He didn't care and the next year started using it as a leverage tool against me. During this season I also met his sister whom I was questionable at first and always was. We were fighting over and over again in front of her, but only verbally at the time.-----2007-----At this time, things are going good so far. But tentions were running a bit high as well with 'K' and the roommate. Another "mistake" that happened with me was resigning the lease to live in the same place. After some problems, it turned out that I was doing most of the work around the apartment with 'K' playing the computer or watching TV. Then of course came the beginning of our fighting.It started with me slapping him on the shoulder for saying something bad about me when I questioned something he wanted me to do. Then came a coffee mug to my face and him throwing me down on the ground. From that point, I really felt that I needed to just start doing what he asked and never question it. I should have taken that as a sign to kick him out but due to financial problemes that happened during the holiday season (after all, I was 3 months unemployed and he paid for all the bills)Eventually the weight of the relationship really came crashing down as 'K' informed me that I was making many mistakes and always bringing them up. The unemployment, the resigning of the lease, me loosing my job at Bloomingdale's, the financial problems that were happening because I was living beyond my means a long time ago and it was just now coming up. If I did something wrong, he brought it up with one reasons as being the underlying reason it happened. One of the financial problems was with Bank of America on my end and the rent checks randomly being bounced back, which of course prevented us (the whole unit) from writing future checks. Now, I learned a lot about money management, but back then we went through it like candy as 'k' would want something and would end up getting it.Early in the year, in the eyes of Emory, we were domestic partners and I was allowed health insurance. That's when my health condition popped up. I was getting tested for diabetes and ended up finding out that my liver was not working as it should have.  Countless blood work was done. I had an ultra sound done as well in 2009. But that would be for the next section. In my eyes, I had a serious condition. But I was told by 'k' that I should not worry and that I should still have "fun" which would involve drinking. I ended up blacking out on time at a bar with 'k' just leaving me be at the table not really knowing where I was. I had no clue to what I was doing, who I was. 'k's' sister was there as well and just kept ordering me drinks and him telling me that I just need to keep drinking.In regards to the drinking as well, one night 'K' did get really drunk and it really did scare me. But overall, when I asked and tried talking to 'K' about it, I was told that it was a test and that I failed it. At that time, emotionally I started breaking down and was always rushed and feeling like if I did not do anything right, I could never do anything right.Eventually the year ended with nothing really major happening. We tried gardening in the summer with everything dying. I gotten my guinea pig, Lucky, that I loved really much. 'K' hated it since she hated him. She never bit me, but always him. As a birthday gift, 'K' did decide to piss off the roommate even more with the dog that I told him not to get. Of course, he was with his sister and was told further to just get it and I might eventually like it. Never did, I hated that dog so much as I had to hide her and deal with her as 'k' did not want to.Overall this year would be the end of the myself that everyone really knew. At the beginning would be where my friends were able to join me and 'k', but towards the end, many of these people would ultimately be pushed out of my life for the rest of the relationship.-----2008-----In this year, the roommate eventually told us that one or the other will be renewing the lease or just not going to at all. He ended up having enough of 'k' and told us that he would not stay with us any more.In the summer we moved to Decatur with one of 'k' friends. She was good, but the situation was quite odd. Her ex-fiance was living in the unit below her and his roommate was her boyfriend. So it lead to her being downstairs quite often leaving me and 'k' alone. We were only in that apartment for 4 months. At first it was quite good, but then the whole situation was getting worse.'k' started going through my history and telling people that I was a cronic masturbater and that I corrupt my mind with porn all the time. 'k' never liked watching porn and told me that I was to never look at it. This was his way of showing me that if telling me not to look at it, he will tell others to further embarass me. Further during this time, I would be depressed and being told that I really do want what he was offering me without any problems.On the health front, I ended up having a liver biopsy that scared the living hell out of me. In late 2007, I had to have many blood tests done to check liver levels and they kept coming back abnormal. This ended up with me having more blood work being done and followed up by an ultrasound of the liver and finally the biospy. Less than a week later, I had to go to the ER due to extreme pain on the side that they did the biospy on. This was of course was met with opposition with 'k' as he thought I was faking it to obtain attention. Overall, it did turn into nothing major, just medicine to control the pain, but still being told that I was probably faking it and should stop was a huge slap into the face.Also along with that would be the getting rid of Molly (the blind deaf dog) and replacing her with Spuffy (the Jack Russel). That was not fun at all, as I had to schedule and plan all that mess that ended up happening.In September, we ended up closing on our house. That was a huge trip upon itself as in August we were kicked out of the Decatur place due to 'k' yelling at the roommate. Second, we had to move down to live for the time being with 'k's' step family in which I was expected to watch over the little one. While I do love children, if they are not mine for any reason, it really pisses me off when they are dropped off at me and the parent(s) walk away expecting me to do anything in my power to watch over it. Overall, it was very stressful and I was excited but also scared due to the closing on the house as it would be a further part of me and him being together. Further it would be a stepping point where our relationship got worse.We did end up getting a dog for Spuffy to play with, but overall the two did not get along. We did not even give her a name before having to get rid of her. She kept running out of the front door to return a few hours later. It was awful and of course I was yelled at about her actions as I had to be the one to get her. I had to drive to Carrollton, GA to pick her up after 'k' scheduled me to do so. Not even asking about it, he just decided to run with that idea. Even deciding that it was my "job" to get rid of her.Also during the later part of the year, I had to transfer stores at work at due to the one that I was at was being remodeled. This was a further strain on the relationship as 'k' kept telling me not to deal with the "crap" of the new job and that it would relate back to Dillard's and me leaving them. This was also in part of him not really understanding the concept of "at-will" employment and that he really does think that jobs cannot hire/fire people because of things. That was a concept that was easiler to just let go than to try to prove him wrong. In reality, if 'k' was wrong, I learned to just let it go as it would slowly start fights and that in the end it would have caused many future fights to occur as 'k' really did not care for what I felt but just only him.In December, 'k' decided to just invite another couple over to our house where as they were in the progress of moving to California and they needed a place to stay for the time being. While this would not had to be a problem, the two were nice people but I had major reservations that caused them to be resented living in the hosue with us. They left candles burning with no one home. They left lights and other things on when no one was home. They were staying for free. But the problem was that when I asked 'k' about it, he took their side in regards to that. They did not sign a damn thing in regards to living there. I could not "ask" them to as 'k' told me so. I knew better, but was told to just stay in my place and not move up to take command. When they finally left, I was happy but the stuff that they left was further annoying as I had to be the one to figure out what to do about it.-----2009-----The year started ok I would think but overall, the fighting just kept going and going.In all, pictures, objects and other things would be distroyed by him due to a fit of rage and I would have to end up cleaning the mess. Cleaning glass, dirt from plants being thrown across the house, and other things was not really fun and I did further get hurt from trying to "hide" the damages of a failing relationship. Around this time, I was also having to deal with pressure from my coworkers as I had to come to work with two black eyes as 'k' decided to punch me in the eyes twice to "calm me down" in his defense.Throughtout the year, the fights just kept getting worse with me getting injured and him at times being injured as well. It was a non-stop fight fest as we just kept fighting over and over again. No one was allowed in the house as he claimed that it was "dirty" and my fault that the house was never cleaned. The clothes were never fully done as again it was my fault. The higher than usual bills (when they happened) were my fault. In a context, he was using that to lower me down and it did work as he saw it further as a way to control me and make sure that I would also stay by his side.Of course, school was really out of the question at times as it would interupt and cause a strain on him against me getting an education. If it did not cause things to improve quickly, it was not worth it. Overall, this year was just "blow after blow" against me in the attempt to put me further in my place.What I did not know was what would happen the next year as 'k' was doing something to the side and hiding it from me. He would ask me who I added on Facebook and why and then add them. He would go into my Facebook account and chat with people to make sure that they did not chat with me ever again. I had to go really into hiding and it was something that did hurt so much as my friends were the victims with me having very little say into this. The last movie night that I hosted, I had to do so much work to get 'k' to agree to it and in the end, I was yelled at for crap that he did not like. Overall, during 2009, I was really not myself and just a servant and when thinking about it, it would show how much 'k' has damaged to prevent me from leaving since he was so unsecurred in himself that he thought that he should be feeling the same way with me (and in part me feeling the same way).-----2010---- "M" is another person but not the ex that the above speaks ofWith the course of the past few weeks, ultimately starting when me and "K" closed on the house, the relationship was on unstable ground. Meaning, the relationship was held together by some means, mainly being financial on my part. When looking back upon the relationship, the financial problems that were mainly me kept me to stay in the relationship no matter the reasons that kept pushing me away from the relationship.The true transgression of the relationship happened mainly as all trust between myself and "K" dissolved as he invited a third person to join in our relationship. As sake of privacy, I'll just name him "M" since for reasons that will be explained later on. While I will state that the involvement was a pawn or catalyst of the transgression and ultimately the end of the relationship, I will state that "M" was one person whom I feel that "K" used as a pawn to get what "K" really wanted. With my thoughts, I believed that "M" really did not want to be involved due to this possibility of the relationship crashing down. Going back, yes I did partake in "three-some" actions with "K" and "M" while being told that this was what I "wanted" from "K". For those whom knew "K", he has the personality that must be taken in small doses or you might be ran over. The sexual acts were basically during the month of February of this year. In the course, my feelings have changed from being okay with the acts that were happening to being completely confused and trying to take a look upon my life.But this goes back to recent events (about three weeks ago), after the last threesome, the next night, "K" wanted sex again which I told him "no" due to personal reasons being tired and ready for bed. The next thing I noticed was a pillow being covered on my face and him yelling at me. This would be on a Monday. That Wednesday, "K" attempted to tell me to have sex with him again, which was again told "no" due to Monday's events. I ended up trying to sleep on the couch and about an hour later him running into the living room pulling my arms telling me that I was to go back into the bedroom. At that point, I called "L" and she had to get me from the house. After trying to figure out about the relationship that night, I decided to try to give it one more try. At that point, "K"s actions changed so dramatically that it did scare me in that he would not leave me alone except for talking to his sister. At the same time, constantly being bothered to just forgive him were just ignored with me being more upset at him. The next week on Friday, we ended up having another fight (only verbal) and he locked all the computers, took the dog and just walked out. That Saturday, while at work I was talking to "M" and found out that "K" told him that I caused all the fights and the attempt of him trying to break all ties with anybody. Ultimately I slept with "K" one last time and we did get off the next day. After that I just packed up my stuff and left. I will admit that I was the final pawn in the last fight as I have started reverting back to my old self of causing arguments/debates when I would not agree with a situation for being in the wrong.Again...after that I just packed up my stuff and left.----Now in looking into the relationship. I know that many relationships have conflicts which ultimately determine if the relationship is good or not. The act of compromising and working things out (communication) is one of the strongest deal maker in any relationship. But in our relationship, we fought a lot and it was ultimately I could only do what he told me to do so.Since then as well, I've been diagnosed between panic disorder, GAD, and depression. All of which started being diagnosed around 4-5 months after the relationship as I was put on a 1013 status for wanting to commit suicide as I left with nothing.  Very few people know about that aspect as I always feel ashamed to share it or I keep getting put down.  The 1013 status was declared as I had two active and easily accessible plans and a panic attack had me tell a roommate about one as I was walking towards the front door.Now:I own my own car (newer model), finally graduated from college with a BA degree, have a job at a fortune 500 company in their corporate offices, and seem to be doing well with taking care of myself within a certain degree.  But still, I struggle weekly with feeling abandoned and worthless, having trouble keeping interpersonal relationships with others as friends (other than the 4-5 that managed to stay) for extended period of times, being "high maintenance" and ultimately trying to find some sort of affection or contact, and dating never lasts for more than 3 months before being told usually different versions of the same thing.  I struggle ultimately feeling "loved" or appreciated and keep wondering what I do right when things happen to be good.  To a fault that sometimes destroy the good things.I believe that this ends my vent and I welcome comments.
After discussion a wiki/resources page has been created in order to provide helpful links and resources for survivors. It is very much a work in progress, new links and resources will be added in future if they look of value. There are many helpful articles scattered around the internet and this will help visitors to find some of the more helpful resources in one place. This page can be accessed by clicking on the ["Resources" tab](http://www.reddit.com/r/survivorsofabuse/wiki/) within the subreddit main page. We hope that visitors will find it useful. :) Suggestions are welcome and will be noted.**Edit: This page can now also be accessed by clicking on "Extended resources" in the sidebar on the right of the screen.**
So my male friend has this problem of sexually messaging people to get complimented even though they are in a relationship. He claims not wanting to cheat, no idea what the intentions are. He was physically, sexually and psychologically abused. He suffers from low self esteem. I am looking for some advice to help this person and myself understand it better. He need to find better ways to feel validated and not potentially ruin his relationship. They have agreed to go to counselling. Any other therapy or sources that may be useful?Thank you. 
I don't know if it's only me but... I feel like there is no one, who would protect me. I have no family support, I've never had that. My mother knew about what was happening to me and she didn't do anything. Nobody didn't do anything. I live with this feeling all my life - that there is nobody there for me.I don't know what is like - to be supported, to feel that my family loves me no matter what. I have one person in the whole wide world who really cares about me - my husband. And I think that's a big pressure on him.I wonder what it's like - to have a family who really care about you. And support you.I'm on my own all my life and it's killing me. People with normal families and who were not abused are so lucky to never have to have feelings like this.
I'm extremely triggered atmI don't know why I'm posting this but I can't say it out loud to anyone and I need to let it out so here goesIt's my birthday, 1yr anniversary of finding out my now ex had a VF profile where he essentially looked for a new girlfriend/wifeHalf an hour ago he was sitting next to me and gave me a birthday hug and he started rubbing my crotch and fuck fuck fuck(he r***d me in my sleep earlier this year and was sexually abusive during our marriage)I'm sorry I needed to let it out, I'm too triggered and upset to focus on work atm fuck
Sorry for the earlier confusion!In discussing with the other mods, we are removing downvoting buttons for both posts AND comments. Posts will now only show the "points" they have received -- upvotes total. This is to encourage a more positive and welcoming space.We know that there are people who will bypass the system and downvote no matter what. Our point is to discourage that process and also help survivors focus more on the support they receive than the natural negativity that the internet can breed.If a post or comment is inappropriate, please report it.
MARTYR (NSFW Contains Nudity) [Martyr Music Video Link](http://vimeo.com/110581459)Composed by Alyssa Leigh McIntyre  Performer by Alyssa Leigh McIntyre Violin & Effects by Dominick Boyle Produced by Dominick Boyle Video directed, shot & edited by Isabel Farrington  Production Assistance by Katherine HarrisonIt is my goal as an artist and a woman to push the boundaries of how self-expression is to be seen. And if that involves taking risks and upsetting others by exposing my raw self to the world, then I will do it. It is in my belief, that as an artist I must be willing to be vulnerable, to emote, to communicate what others feel they cannot. So I bravely give you the piece “Martyr”, an experimental retelling of a sexual assault and a reclaiming of my body by boldly revealing how vulnerable a human being truly can be.Yes, I am a human. Yes, I am vulnerable. But no, my vulnerability does not make me weak. It makes me strong. My message to you survivors today is rape isn't always a person holding a knife to your throat, and it isn't always followed by the word "no". It is violation. It is someone crossing a boundary. It is no communication. It is violent. It is so much fear, you respond only how your body and mind knows how to respond. And no legal definition of consent defines if you consented or not. You know you didn't because your body remembers with fear.I've had so many people reach out to me and tell me their stories, tell me why they didn't speak up sharing their doubt and anxiety and pain. I have something to say to all of you. You have a right to experience fear. You have a right to trust what you experienced. It is not false. Your body remembers. And knowing this, you may now offer yourself love and finally heal.If you are interested in my work PM me at my Facebook page [Sparrow](https://www.facebook.com/projectalyssasparrow). I am more than willing to talk beyond my music and art and about what it means to be a survivor. Always know you have the ability to heal. <3 Your Strong Little Sparrow
I have an ex that I have a restraining order against.  It is a no contact order and not a stay away order.  We share a mutual interest, and he has used that as an excuse to tip toe around the restraining order (via following me to events, talking to people next to me, but not directly at me).  If i go away for the weekend, he harasses the people I am visiting (often these are public events and he looks me up constantly).  It's been hell dealing with and the criminal justice system has completely failed in prosecuting him for his persistent and constant violations of the order (I have video of him admitting to raping me, where he knew he was being recorded, and the criminal prosecutor told m e he would charge me with wire tapping if i continued to pursue the issue).The restraining order has only stopped him from contacting me but not everyone around me, so my life has continued to be hell for eight months.  I've managed to avoid seeing him (with the exception of once, where he tried to file harassment charges on me - literally, for enforcing my restraining order, those charges were dropped) lately, BUT the restraining order ends in February.I've spent years establishing myself in this field and i do NOT want to give up everything I have worked for because of this piece of shit.But at some point, at a minimum when the restraining order is over, I will have to face him.How do I manage to run these events, stay a strong leader in my field, and keep a smile on my face while seeing and dealing with (he won't stop the harassment on others and i am sure it will start back up to me once the order expires) my rapist?  How do I overcome constantly reliving the trauma?
http://i.imgur.com/ZfidXYv.jpg
 In short I'm pretty sure at some point my dad fucked me in the ass. I'm just not near sure. Where do you even go from there? who the fuck is left for true trusting? I'm either imagining a crazy abusive childhood or I'm blaming grown man problems on my parents, and I've lost my metric, my standard. I'm asking, not for personal help (sadly I'm cynical of the written word), but for advice in selecting that advice. I'm of limited means and more afraid of being led then most other things.  Thanks in advance, and if there are other places more appropriate let me know. - Ais
Ive been back in uni for about a month. It had happened when i was in the second year. I didnt finish my second year as i was really unwell. I took a year out and now i've returned to do my second year again whilst the people i used to know are in their fourth. The ones that have spotted me around uni have been smiley and friendly and have asked me things like, 'did you go travelling?', 'you're in third year now right?'. To the former, i put on a smile and say i did and to the latter i say how silly i was to leave before finishing the year so i have to re do it and they accept it as truth. As part of my agreement with my uni ive had to see various departments and have to continue seeing these groups throughout the year as well as occupational health screening regularly-- so it's been a really busy few weeks. At one meeting they forwarded the details of the psychological services, so i went ahead and fully answered the in depth questions they require when signing up. I went to the meeting assigned to me. The psychologist asked me more in depth questions, told me that no help would be offered to me, asked me some more questions, then asked me three specific questions that have been playing over and over in my head: have you managed to have sex? Did you enjoy the sex? (He then asked about my previous relationships to which, i replied, that my current partner was my only real relationship which led to ) - did you lose your virginity to your boyfriend? I was in shock, i muddled my words but was finally able to answer with my voice shaking. He then told me that my problems were to complex for them to deal with. I accepted his words, thanked him for seeing me, then walked off , trying my best not to burst into tears. What he asked and the way he asked them still make me feel really uncomfortable. Ive relapsed into panic episodes and sleeplessness. Sometimes, i will see this man besides my abuser, other times, beside my old friends with the things they have said to me playing on repeat.  Today I saw an old friend (at her request), she jokingly called me slutty. And also had a go at me for being 'rude', and 'awkward' to an old class mate i had come across that assumed i went travelling in my gap year.  Also, proclaimed i had some sort of prejudice against my old classmates whilst we were on the train ( a lot of them have similar cultural and religious background). Tonight the speeches on repeat have been hers and the psychologists. Its half 3am and i need to wake up early. Im slutty. Rude. Racist. Slutty. If i was really raped i shouldn't have sex. I shouldn't enjoy sex. I can't orgasm now because i feel disgusted with myself. There is no use in me complaining. I should have said to him that his questions made me feel uncomfortable (violated). I should have told her that seeing all of them makes me feel inadequate, i feel like a failure, they ask a lot of intrusive questions (unknowingly) that flare up my anxiety and put me in a negative mental state for several days afterwards.  
from the ages of 14 to 20 I was abused by a very awful man, let's call him S. I was young, vulnerable, and didn't understand that sex was not supposed to send you home crying and bleeding. the first three years he basically groomed me, offering occasional attention only to anally rape me and force me to perform other various degrading acts when my guard was down. I thought I loved him, because I just got so nervous whenever I was around him and I really just wanted him to be nice like he could be sometimes. (in retrospect, my "shyness" was really acting traumatized)the last three years we "dated." here's where it gets really ugly. most of my friends hated this guy... and stopped talking to me when I started going out with him. suddenly he was my main source of social interaction. what few friends I had left he would go out of the way to weaken the friendship. he encouraged me to fight with my family. when I interacted with his friends, he would go out of his way to make me sound stupid and uneducated. if I liked things he didn't, or disagreed with him, it could cause major fights.eventually I just stopped expressing myself. he continued to be sexually abusive as well, enjoying getting me into situations where I wouldn't want to have it (in public, in the car, right before I would need to leave, when his friend was in the other room, etc) it was like he only enjoyed it when I didn't want it. (honest to god, sometimes he'd lose interest if I liked it too much)to make a long sad story slightly shorter, I discovered tumblr, realized S was raping me, left him when I left for college, but continued to live with him during breaks, as I slowly got away from him (life with parents is bad). it wasn't easy- he'd pick me up for a weekend and then would refuse to drive me back to college (my friend had to pick me up) it wasn't until I slept with someone who I actually wanted to sleep with that I made a complete break.I've had a lot of sex since then. I've even dated. But... I still get triggered whenever someone tries to get me to act like their "girlfriend". If people treat me like an extension of my partner. I'm terrified all my friends will leave me every time I start a new relationship. (spoilers: they haven't) and that my partner will try to meld into my identity/take my identity away. Or that they'll become obsessed. or become abusive. etc. etc.my sexual triggers are very manageable- but what do I do when I spend a day crying and shaking because someone wanted to get Facebook official too fast? Relationships are not something I feel confident in. I don't feel comfortable showing affection unless it's behind closed doors. It's very hard for me to publically be with someone.I feel like I've got a pretty good handle on the sexual abuse but as far as everything else I'm completely lost 
Ok, I really need to vent right now.A bit of background, I got into a polyamorous relationship with 3 trans women (I'm a trans woman as well if anyone's curious) about 6 weeks after my most recent attack. The one who brought me into the relationship triggered me during sex and I lied about that fact, until I was confronted point blank as to why I didn't want to have sex with her anymore. She thought I was lying then and broke up with me immediately and spent the next two weeks convincing our other girlfriends to break up with me. And those breakups were flat out nasty. I really hadn't talked to any of them since.Today, I get a voicemail from the one who was triggering me calling me "a spineless, no good piece of shit c*nt, just like everyone else in [our city] for not talking to the other two after the breakup." There was more to the message but I deleted it right after I heard that part and didn't even bother listening to the rest.They all knew that I was a recent survivor from the first day I met them. None of them had a problem with that until I couldn't have sex with one of them. Then after the breakup, I decide to focus on my recovery and now I have the one causing this whole mess harassing me? You know what? My attacker is now off the hook for that breakup, because if they can't respect me enough to focus on my recovery, they'd have broken up with me and blamed me for some other problem.PS: This is a side account I use to maintain some anonymity
It can be tempting to name and shame abusers but it's important to remember that many people often share the same name and there are vigilantes out there that will hurt first and ask questions later. We do not want innocent people hurt, or to promote vigilante justice. Anyone posting real names will have their post removed, repeated offenses will result in a ban.
From when I was a child until my dad died a year ago, he would beat me. It's something that has caused me a lot of issues in my life so far, but I am in therapy and have been dealing with it. In the last few months, I have gotten fairly close with a girl named Lucy. Lucy was abused as a child so it was something that brought us together. I shared a lot of details about my abuse with her that I haven't shared even with my closest friends (I always worry that talking to them about it will make them uncomfortable), and she shared a lot with me as well. Eventually Lucy began to develop romantic feelings towards me, and ended up asking me to date her. I rejected her as gently as I could as I have feelings for someone else. She seemed to understand, all was good. Fast forward to about a week ago. Turns out, Lucy wasn't as understanding as I thought. She ended up telling people very detailed accounts of my abuse. Ever since then, I've had a lot of people I only know casually approaching me to ask questions. Having people I barely know wanting to know about something that personal makes me incredibly uncomfortable. I don't really know how to handle this. I don't want to come off as an asshole by telling these people to fuck off, because some of them are people I need to keep a friendly relationship with for business reasons. How would you handle this? I feel like dealing with this is setting me back with progress I've made in healing.
Firstly, I read a couple of the stories on here, and I did not suffer any physical abuse or anything during my childhood that would have severely affected my development. I lived a mostly perfect life until this one relationship, and after reading some of these stories, it makes me think I must have failed. I had such better circumstances than all of the people here, and I still managed to get into a terrible relationship.Anyways, I was in a really bad emotionally abusive relationship that had serious repercussions after the breakup. I would prefer not to get too specific so that I do not reveal my identity.My problem is more about what's going on now. I never realized how much this would affect everything I think about. I'm now in another relationship, and I constantly wonder if things are healthy as they should be.I logically think that the relationship I'm in now is the healthiest one I've ever been in, and so does the person in charge of the support group I'm now in, and so does my family. I just can't stop worrying about whether or not I'm doing something wrong. How do I learn to stop worrying that this will turn out terribly?
All this happened nearly 30 years ago.  Now I’m happily married.  I’ve a child of my own.  I’m professionally satisfied.  I’ve accomplished many of my goals and I believe I still have a lot of good years ahead of me.  Still, it feels like maybe sharing this story will help me finally put it behind me.  Thanks for listening.http://startups-and-downs.tumblr.com/post/100017305513/violence
I won't tell my full story right now, I'm not ready for that yet. But I'm 20 years old now (male) and I live in Texas. When I was young, very young, I was sexually abused by my mentally handicapped older brother and physically abused by the man who was my stepfather at the time. After my mom left him  and my brother was forced to go live with his father by court order, things were good for me for awhile. When I was 10 my mom met Jimmy, the man who would make the rest of my life Hell. He had an explosive temper and would grow angry over the smallest things. Years of living in almost constant verbal and mental abuse with frequent physically abuse and threats later he's now in jail and me my mom and two of my brothers are on our own and can start a new life. How do I start to rebuild my broken mind?
He used to make fun of my hallucinations.He used to hit me, punch me, knock me out...all to "protect" me. He manipulated me in such a way I would believe him.He told people I was crazy, made out he was the victim and in fact a hero for being with such a charity case. No one would believe me what he was doing because of my condition.He called the police on me because I wanted to leave the house. He told them I pulled a knife on him, at this time I was having a panic attack because he had locked me in the bathroom.He made me believe I needed him. That I couldn't live in the outside world.I tried to kill myself, just like he told me to. He wouldn't let me die.Everytime he would call for an ambulance.I wanted to die. I was so close so many times, but he would pull me back into the life of hell.The memories of him still haunt me every so often.Now I'm so grateful to the paramedics and hospital staff, they saved me, and now I'm away from that monster and can live as normal life as I can. I rarely hear the voices.I don't see the men in black trench coats following me anymore.I feel safe again.
Almost 2 years ago now my friend and I got into relationships with two older guys whilst we were still high school students.These two guys were in their early 20s.They seemed nice and normal.We used to have fun going to their apartments in the city and getting away from our small town. After a while things went sour between the two guys due to reasons not known or understood by us. Not long after we started to realize my friends bf(lets call him Pat) started to seem sketchy. We had both witnessed him railing coke and other things of that sort and his stories never really added up. Meanwhile I started getting to get to know Pat's roommate (this pissed off my boyfriend at the time lets call him Alex). The roommate knew both of these guys well enough and he started warning me that Alex was a bad guy and that I deserve better. I really didn't listen though because Alex seemed to have everything together,or so I thought. It was not long until my friend broke up with Pat and he went off the rails. She received threatening messages that scared us but eventually they let up and she hasn't heard from him since. After all of this went on I still kind of kept in touch with the roommate and I was still dating Alex. Alex seemed to have everything figured out, he told me all these things about himself that I now know are lies.Although he was a jealous guy I didn't really believe that he was capable of anything. Within the first few months of us dating Alex moved out of his apartment and into a house with some roommates. His roommates seemed very nice and I eventually met his friends and family. One of his friends(Lets call him Jay) really stood out to me. He was always very nice and looked out for me.Jay was one of those guys that seem incapable of being angry.  As time went on I started to get to know his group of friends more and one of them (lets call him Jesse) was also very nice to me. I started going to their parties and some of the girls were very catty towards me but I didn't really let them bother me so much.During this Alex's true self started to show through a bit. I found out that he had a criminal record and used to deal drugs but has been clean other than pot for the past few years. I shrugged it off not really realizing the extent of what he was. I remember he started to really put me down a lot and degrade me. Ecspecially one day I remember him screaming at me saying that Jay wouldn't talk to him because of me. I didn't understand this and he did not tell me what I had done to make Jay angry. Within a couple weeks I found out that Alex had cheated on me. I tried to end it there but he charmed me into getting back together. The day after we got back together I was at a party at his place. That night after a while of hanging out with everyone we slipped into the bedroom to have sex. It was normal drunk sex, then all of the sudden a bunch of his friends burst through the door and tried to video tape me. At that point in my life that was the most violated I had ever felt. I was in complete shock. All I could hear was Jay in the other room tearing a strip off of them. He told them never to mess with me,that they were all scum and made sure that the video was deleted. Jay then went on to clear everyone out of the house so that I would not have to face them when I walked out the door to go home. After this incident I obviously never wanted to see these people who had done this which really put a strain on Alex and I's relationship. During this time things went from bad to worse. Alex started getting worse about insulting me. He constantly made me feel worthless,always comparing me to other girls. He even told me that i needed to get a boob job so that I would look like Barbie. I started find other girls clothes in his room but dismissing it in fear of making him angry. He started getting more physical with me leaving bruises on my neck,wrists and butt. Some of my friends started noticing and becoming concerned. Before long I was introduced to speed and started using it more and more. It made me feel a little bit more in control and capable. I started to drop a lot of weight but not healthy weight. I was already slim for my height,now I was just skin and bones. I thought this was a good thing though because Alex told me that he liked me better not that I had dropped that weight but when he found out that I was into speed ,things went from bad to worse. He would call me a junkie whore and all sorts of names. He would get even more angry towards me and leave me in sketchy parts of the city to find my own way home late at night.I did stop using speed but it I was completely dead inside. I remember one day he had me over to his place and I was just sitting down looking stunned and Jessie was over and saw me like this and got concerned. Alex kept trying to call me into the other room to yell at me(I don't even remember what about). Jessie came over to talk to me and said that he didn't like the way that Alex treated me and expressed his concern. Not long after Alex's group of friends who tried to tape me came over and I could not handle it so I went to his room, curled up in a ball and shook and cried. Alex followed me into the room and proceeded to yell at me but I couldn't even yell back I just sat there shaking and crying. As time went on things continued to get worse but I was to scared of what he would do if I left him. Alex eventually got in a fight with his roommates and moved to a different house with some girl. At this point I was numb. I went to go see his new house for the first time, it was only the two of us there at the time. I remember very clearly he started telling me I looked good and that he couldn't keep his hands off me. We had a drink then he proceeded to push me into the bathroom, up against the sink,in front of the mirror. He then bent me over and raped me in front of the mirror. I put up a bit of a fight but eventually gave in. The next week I realized that I couldn't continue to put myself through this and ended it. After I broke up with him , he sent me threatening messages scaring me, saying that if he ever sees me with another guy we will both be sorry. I  blocked him on everything and it still took months for him to stop bugging me. After the relationship I started seeing the girl that i wanted to be and made every effort to not be the girl that I saw in the mirror that day. I changed my hair colour and my whole attitude.I moved to a new city. It took a while of nightmares and being numb for me to come to be the independent person I am today. I gave up on relationships and had a series of random hookups within the past year. I don't think I can ever trust anyone again and I still have that small fear that alex will go off the rails one day and find me. I just don't think it would be fair to bring anyone into it.
I have been googling terms related to this and have been unable to find anything about it. I would like to know what others' experiences are in relation to becoming the protector of your siblings (younger and/or older).   Personally for me, I have recently been processing trauma narratives with my therapist on a weekly basis. This has really helped me and has also shed some light on some of my strong personality traits that I have never really taken notice of. One of these traits is that I am extremely protective and tender towards all children. We have been discussing at length my need to have my dad beat me up instead of my other two sisters. There were many times that I took the abuse just to spare them. When I wasn't there to spare them I blamed myself. I have a younger and an older sister, and I am also female. I am interested to know what other people have experienced or noticed in regard to this. Some questions:-What makes some children see themselves as stronger and/or the martyr?-What affect does this have on the child once they have reached adulthood?-Does the protective child deal with overwhelming feelings of guilt in everyday situations as an adult?Would like to hear from anybody, whether you were the protector, the protected, a parent, a caretaker, a therapist, etc.... I just can't seem to find anything on it and would really like to delve into this more. I feel like I can turn it around and see this as a positive trait to be proud of. Right now I just feel like a failure. I know it would be beneficial to see myself as strong. Thanks :)
I'm an older male survivor of sexual abuse (from when I was six) and have had depression/anxiety issues for many years. To further describe myself, I have multiple health issues and am gay and don't date much (if at all in the last few years - this is important later) and have had a long-time doctor (not a counselor, physical doctor) who helps me deal with my daily pain. I have full-blown anxiety/panic attacks anytime anyone discusses child abuse as the words themselves (not a flashback) evoke a huge wave of fear/revulsion. This has happened to me for years and I don't know why this happens (I can understand it, I just don't know if it is common? Why does just hearing the terms make me so upset?). I have had a few occasions when the subject was broached and I turned beet red in the face and have left the room because of the issue and have received odd looks because of it. Recently, this same thing happened during a doctor's appointment and I could not leave and the doctor looked at me oddly after the session was done. I live in the south where some people (not all) already equate being gay with attacking children and last week I overheard my doctor speaking to his wife about me and thinking I am some sort of horrible criminal.I am devastated and humiliated and horrified that someone would think that of me. I don't know what to do or how to fix it. Everything I think of would make it worse and I don't know how to face him. I can't even think about functioning in my daily life knowing someone thinks THAT about me. I don't even think I can have a discussion with him about this without a full blown panic attack, making everything worse (?). My life feels like it is in limbo until this is fixed. Any advice would be appreciated. Is this normal? Has this ever happened to anyone else or am I alone? 
I need advice... Is this a thing?  My first serious relationship was with an abuser.  By the end of it, we went through the cycle of abuse like clockwork.  I literally started planning my life around the knowledge that every 2-3 weeks I would be spending the weekend locked up in the house with him, going through the explosion then apology part of it.  Then I'd be able to work and function normally for about a week before the tension buildup had me walking on eggshells again.I'm finally in a long-term relationship again, and I'm realizing...  I think I'm still going through the cycle on my own.  Every week or two I start getting tense and depressed, followed by an implosion where I sort of stop functioning for no reason.  I try to reassure my boyfriend that it's not because of him, that it's something self-generated, but it still hurts him...  He still thinks that if he was better somehow or did something different, I wouldn't go through it anymore.The only thing I'm sure of is that it's not because of my current partner.  But, I'm still trying to figure out what it really is and how to stop...  Does that make sense as an explanation for this pattern I keep cycling through?  If I've been trained into it, how can I train myself back out?  I'm wary of covering up my issues through meds instead of fixing them, but how can I tell whether I'm just chemically depressed or going through hormonal cycles or something, or if it really is only because of my past?  
Sorry, this is kind of a long story:I have been involved in martial arts on and off from age 14 (I am now 32). My school, where I basically grew up, is sort of like a family in a way. One of the main guys there, who has been there longer than me, I've loved like a brother my whole life. I now live on the opposite side of the map, but about a year ago, I found out that one of his ex-girlfriends, this super cool girl, was living on this side as well. We reconnected and I found out she has been dealing with numerous diseases and conditions due to a bunch of things that have happened in her life, since I had last seen her, in the early 2000s. It's so sad, but she is very positive, and still extremely active, which is a complete miracle. We hike together all the time, but I have been to enough doctor's appointments with her to know that, though she doesn't look sick at all, she is, incredibly so, and she vomits about 6 times a day on a regular day (seen it plenty of times by now).Some of her conditions are due to the brutal abuse she suffered... Which that guy, my childhood friend and martial arts partner, caused on her. Incredibly horrid stories of things he said and did. Once she told me the stories, some stuff he has said/done in the past sort of made sense. We had gone on a trip with the martial arts group once, and he told me a story about "this one time when he lost it and hit her, then told her to turn him in to the cops," only he told maybe 0.08% of what happened and how bad it was. He can also be a bit demanding and conceded at times, so some of the egotistical stuff she told me would also make sense. It's still such a shock! This was one of the hardest things I had to find out in life, especially because I was also abused by someone when I was younger, and so I definitely have extreme sympathy and understanding towards victims and what we go through. It was REALLY hard to swallow, that that guy I thought was a wonderful person, was actually an awful abuser.What's worse is, I'll likely see him again, since I visit my school when I'm on that side of the map. It is the type of confrontation I cannot even begin to think about without getting anxious. Until recently, she still had him on her Facebook, as victims often keep in touch, trying not to face the situation with confrontation. I was on the fence too, about if I should block him (once I found out), since I didn't want him to ask, and then me tell him why, and then have him lie to my face to protect himself and make me even angrier. She posted something random once and he commented, sort of ridiculing her for what she posted, that he disagreed or whatever. Unable to respond, she tagged me in a comment. I then got into a Facebook argument with him, sort of  hinting that I knew what he had done to her, without directly saying it. I don't think he got it, and it got so messy, that I finally blocked him and helped her do it too. Now he can think that is why, but the truth is, he should know the real reason. I'm gonna end up having to say this in person, but I don't want to deal with it until I have to. :( I also don't want people in my school to judge anything wrongly, say anything bad about her that will make me so mad. She has thanked me so much for what I did, but I didn't really do enough, and I was left with such anxiety from it all. It should feel amazing to do that for someone, especially since I have been in her shoes, but it just feels bad - it's all bad. I don't regret what I did, I just wish I had been stronger, and didn't have all this anxiety about what's to come.Abusers don't say ABUSER on their forehead. They're often very mesmerizing people, who seem loving and amazing. That is a huge problem, because even though I completely believe her (based on having been there, and seeing sincerity in her eyes), even I find myself questioning at times "but what if she created a different memory for what actually happened?" There is no way. She gets head injections since her head swells because of how hard he beat it, years ago. She will forever suffer these cruel consequences from having dated him and for having stayed with him through hell, basically. :(All of this makes me sick, and I hope my post is not too messy that it didn't make sense. :(
I've been in therapy for a year and feel it's really helped me. I initially started because of an upcoming move and relationship issues that I wanted some help with. I remember early on that my therapist told me we didn't have to talk about things that happened in my childhood, which was a relief to me. I hate talking about it, I have no words and I just want to leave it alone. But I want to be healthy. I used to break down and think about it more frequently when I was younger ( as in high school and early college aged, I'm 24 now), but lately I've noticed I think about it less. And that isn't because I'm trying to suppress it, I think my mind has just been busy working on personal growth, mindfullness and building self confidence ( thanks to therapy) and it really just doesn't come up as much. I just don't want to carry this around with me for the rest of my life. I know I probably won't forget it happened, but I know that it does still affect me. Oddly when I get intense reminders about it I get this phantom throbbing pain in my right wrist. As far as I know I've never injured my wrist and while it's not that physically painful it's kind of distressing in an emotional way. When my wrist starts hurting I know I've been sucked in to memories and am not doing my best. For some time now I've started thinking that maybe when I don't feel pain in my wrist when I think about what happened, that will be one small sign that I've completely healed.I'm sorry for the length. I guess what I'm trying to find out is how can I tell my therapist (should ?I) about what happened, even if I'm not able to really talk about it. I'm considering writing her a note, but I'm sure that won't be the end of it. Once she finishes reading the note, I don't know what I'll do when she looks up and starts talking about it. I just don't feel I'll be able to say anything. Any advice is appreciated.
My parents have been abusive since I was very young, and only now at 19 am I beginning to try and deal with it. My dad is physically abusive - he cannot deal with my mood swings and heightened emotions (I have BPD), lashes out and then blames me for "provoking him". My mom is mentally abusive, and I have had to deal with her abuse every day since I was 5. They do not see where they have gone wrong and why I'm so withdrawn around them.I feel very guilty, because they do buy me nice things, I live with them, they pay for my car etc. but I feel like I just can't forgive them for the pain they've caused me over the past 15 years.I feel like I should forgive them, because they are my parents, but I cannot help feel so reluctant around them - like I'm walking on eggshells. Any advice on what I should do?
I recently befriended a first year girl at college. We became good friends after some long middle of the night conversations on facebook, but slowly I started to develop a crush on her that has gotten pretty serious by now. I told her, and although she doesn't feel the same way, she's okay with working on it together and staying good friends. I care a lot about her, and since she has shown to be struggling with an abusive childhood I want to do the right thing. List of details I've found so far:-Father was really abusive, this led to a divorce with her mother. An example of his bahaviour would be putting spiders in her clothes to get her over her fear of spiders. (which needless to say provided quite the opposite result) I don't expect anything sexual. She has not seen him since the divorce, even moved to a diffrent country. This is quite a few years in the past.-Mother was not really abusive(according to her), but really a tough love kind of person. Focussing a lot on her daughters schoolwork, but forgetting there's more to a kid than school. She missed birthdays and high school graduation. She is suffering under this past. problems include, but are not limited to:-Insomnia-Nightmares-Difficulty to process emotions-Trust issues.-Very hesitant to almost every form of touch with anybody.-Not wanting to have children, simply for fearing she might abuse them.-Very low self esteem.-Saying about herself that she's a bad person.I would love to help her in any way shape or form, but I do not know what to do. She herself wants to ignore it, bury it, and is not open to any other options. However, seeing as she is clearly struggling, I would do anything to help her cope. Genuine and honest compliments do not seem to get through to her in any way, and I'm not able to convince her that she's a good person. What are the do's and don't of this situation? What can I do to try and help her, and what should I definetly not do.
24 year old male checking in.Explaining this in brief is quite hard, but I’ll try to make it as clear as I can.When I was a young kid (2 years old) I was sexually abused by a long-term (female) babysitter. Since I was young, and since things usually happen this way, I didn’t have any distinct memories of it for years: just odd feelings, fleeting flashes and the like.Separate to this, my mother was incredibly abusive towards me (mainly verbally and emotionally, but occasionally physically too) until I left her house when I was sixteen.I’m now 24. For eight years I’ve been very happily building a new life very far away from it all. I’d have the occasional wobble over the past, but nothing more. It didn’t rule me, and slowly it became less and less of a concern in my life.Until my birthday, a few days ago. Somehow my mother found my work email address, and bombarded me with a 4000-word essay on why I’m a broken person, just for my birthday. It was her first contact in 8 years.Now, part of this hate-filled diatribe was a very, very graphic description of my abuse at the hands of my babysitter when I was 2 years old (don’t ask me why she’d impress something like that on me: she’s malevolent like that). It involved descriptions of how the babysitter – who was pregnant – would breastfeed me, let me play with her breasts, belly and cunt, and how she’d play with my penis. She even wrote out the word that the babysitter used to describe her abuse sessions:Zizzing.And for some reason, the very mention of that word brought back a metric ton of memories. The feelings and flashes I’d have before turned into a torrent of images, sensations and feelings.**Warning. This is where things get weird and difficult to deal with.**Long story short, not all those suddenly-remembered images, sensations and feelings felt bad. In fact, some of them felt *good*.Some of them felt *really* good.Not all of it felt good, of course. There was fear, and strange, manic feelings that I can’t place. But I’m left with the fact that, for whatever reason, I partly experienced my sexual abuse as pleasurable.Even when I was suppressing my memories of it, that feeling of it being pleasurable found a way through. I’ve always been attracted to pregnant women, for example. And when I look back now, what I went through at the hands of my mother feels many powers of ten more awful than my sexual abuse.And that makes me feel very, very confused. I feel guilty when I feel a thrill of arousal when I see a pregnant woman, knowing that those feelings have their origin in my own child abuse. Most of all, I feel guilty that I experienced my abuse as partly pleasurable. I feel like I can’t talk to anyone about it – it’s just too weird, too *not normal*. You’re supposed to feel dirty, or hurt, or vulnerable… not aroused.Have any of you experienced something like this? Have you managed to come to terms with your feelings?
We have a T.V. in our room, and as we were lying here, we were chatting a bit and watching The Office (for probably like the 10th time this year - we are obsessed with this show). Not something he hasn't seen before.It's the episode in season 3 where Michael finds out they hired a convict, and he's trying to talk to Jan to find out who. He mentions, half-jokingly, something to the effect of, "...unless you mean Toby, convicted rapist." For anyone who doesn't watch The Office, Toby is completely innocent, and Michael is just a socially-inept person who hates Toby.It reminded me that today, randomly, a woman came into my store asking about security for her house (I'm a shop locksmith who helps run our work space as well as our show room, which is essentially a store for lock-related items). So I brought it up and was telling him the tiny story. I thought he was paying attention, though he wasn't looking at me. I told him how initially, the woman came into the store, and immediately I felt concerned, because she looked disheveled, homeless, and acted like she might be a little off. I was concerned because I thought she might cause trouble in the store, because I judged her as a vagrant. But of course, I still acknowledged her politely. Turns out, I learned as she poured her heart out to me, that she was a recent rape victim, and even though her repeated rapist was now on house arrest, she was concerned for her safety at her home because he had escaped house arrest before. She was desperate to find some sort of alarm or deterrent to a possible intruder. Unfortunately, the security she was looking for was not something we could provide, but being a fellow abuse victim, I was able to refer her to several abuse advocates, support groups, clinics and shelters that could give her professional help.It was at this point he burst out laughing.I was stunned. What. The. Fuck?I sat there looking at him, disgusted and appalled, before he finally looked at me and said, "Oh, I was laughing at the T.V. Sorry."Still stunned. Wow. I said, "I would hope that my story of helping a fellow rape victim would be enough to distract you from the T.V. for a second..." and he just said sorry again, then continued watching, and then a few minutes later, rolled over and went to sleep.I'm just amazed at how little this can seem to someone who "loves" me. Don't get me wrong, usually he's a great boyfriend - and when I say "great," I mean it. I've been with people who were no good, and he really is something. And this was just... *whatever* to him.He knows I'm a... *survivor*, if that's what the appropriate term is, and still... this just seemed like small talk enough for him to be distracted by a show he could probably recite line-by-line now.It just makes me feel like I'm so separated from everyone who hasn't dealt with what I have. I'm this person with so much pain that wants to spontaneously combust out of me while I try so hard to hold it in. And then, one laugh is all it takes to make all that pain feel so, so infinitely insignificant.
Hoping to use it to help explain to someone how it has affected me (I am now an adult). If we find anything good, maybe others can also use it in the same way.x posted to r/askpsychology
I was physically, sexually abused from age five to sixteen. My mother who was also my abuser removed me from school after kindergarten claiming she was homeschooling me so I could have a more “religious education”. It turns out I didn't get any early education and spend my time locked in my room being abused daily and completely isolated from the outside world for months at a time. This isolation occurred throughout my childhood and left me with a fear of being trapped inside but also anxiety over going out. Some of my extended family (law enforcement officer) even knew about the abuse and did nothing to stop it. My problem today is I still have a lot of symptoms relating to my abuse and go through periods of time where I feel ok and like I can deal with things and other times I feel too anxious to even leave the house. I’ve gone to counseling and tried EMDR, talk therapy worked with psychiatrist and psychologist. My symptoms and how I deal with them are getting better but I still struggle with anxiety, depression, flashbacks and I have a hard time generally viewing life and people as good. Has anyone had experience with the effects of extended isolation during childhood and the long term affects? I cant seem to get things together for myself. After years of counseling I still go back to using drugs and drinking as a way of killing all the anger, pain, guilt and anxiety I feel everyday. How does this stop? I really want to be healthy and stop using drugs but its the only thing that helps me for a few hours forget my past and feel ok in the moment.    
I was in an abusive relationship for two years.  I stayed because I moved across the country to be with a boyfriend and the only people I knew were his friends.  When I finally tried to tell others about the abuse, my boyfriend said I was lying and overreacting.  I became the bad guy.  He told others that I was lazy because I didn't work (something he wanted) and that this is the thanks he got after taking care of me for two years.  His friends shunned me.  Some called me names.  I started recording our fights.  This particular fight I finally called the police because he threw my phone at my face so hard I needed stitches.  I just want someone to listen to know what I went through.  Just a warning, this might be a trigger for some.   http://youtu.be/TYVcm9-d5QY
Thank you so so much for any help or perspective you can offer...My dad was physically and emotionally abusive and would never let us cry lest someone hear and "mistakenly" think he was abusing us and was a bad father. He would throw things at me, call me a bitch, ignore me for weeks on end with total non recognition for crimes such as failing to bring his tea on time, etc. Even if we were injured he would not let us show distress in public and said we were disgracing ourselves.My sister and I have memories of him coming into our rooms at night and of being extremely frightened when this happened. We always closed our eyes and pretended to be asleep and after awhile he would go away. Once after a screaming fight with my mother he stormed up the stairs, ran into my sister's room, and tore off the covers. She was naked and as usual pretended to be asleep. He stared at her for a very long time and went away. I can think of no explanation that makes this normal. I have a vague early memory of touching his crotch but no context. We both have a feeling of fear and suspicion but no clue how justified. I know the physically and emotional part was messed up but I want to apologise in advance if the sexual part seems like paranoid whining.
I've come to realize that my girlfriend is an abuse survivor. She recently had to make a court appearance (I don't know the details), which has triggered some emotional flashbacks for her.We've been dating for a little under a year, and this is the first time for me dealing with this.I'm crazy about her. She says the same and I believe her. These last couple weeks have been hard - she's actively hiding from me (not her friends, just me).I've been reading up and I realize now what's going on, and I'm not mad at her (though I was when I didn't understand).She's not getting any counselling.I will keep my distance, but I don't want to telegraph that I'm abandoning her. I'm just waiting for her to get back to where she feels comfortable with me again.Is there anything I can say - or avoiding saying - to let her know that I'm here for her? Nothing is really working and it's closing in on three weeks.
Why I Stayed: I stayed because I thought that if I loved her hard enough she would put the bottle down and go back to being my mother. I stayed because I thought that if I left her she would die, that was my normal. No matter how much I hated her for the abuse, I felt that by leaving I would be sentencing her to death. What right did I have to do that? My mom wasn't always this way either. She didn't start drinking until I was seventeen, I didn't even know what an alcoholic was. I just knew that my mom liked to drink vodka with her seven up until she passed out. It took me over a year to admit to anyone in my life that this was happening. The summer after my senior year is when it started getting really bad. She was clearly suicidal but I was still too afraid to talk to anyone and I was too afraid to leave the house. I lost all my friends, I became the girl that was no longer invited to parties and outings because I clearly wasn't going to show up. But how could I tell anyone? It was so embarrassing. This continued for five years. For five years I would sit with her every night, I would hide pill bottles and sharp objects, I would fish her out of the bathtub when she fell asleep, I would dispose of the suicide notes so she didn't know that she tried to kill herself while she was blacked out again. I put her into rehab three times, I dropped out of school and ruined my future trying to save her; I lost everything I never had. For her. And what I got in return was not thanks, was not appreciation for keeping her alive, what I got were bottles, remotes, dresser drawers, and fists thrown at my face. What I got was an child like alcoholic slowly and calmly telling me that I was nothing, that I had been a little bitch since the day I was born, that I wasn't ever going to do anything or be anything in life. This went on for five years. Yes there were times others would step in and try to help for a little while, yes I learned to be just as cruel to her, but I still could not leave. I was so afraid. I knew that if I left she was going to die, that was terrifying. So I endured the abuse and let it fill me with a hate and rage that no one should ever know because I didn't want her to die and because after everything I had seen I still thought that maybe I could save her. Why I Left: I wish I could say I naturally just learned to let her go, but that's not the case. Two and half years ago my best friend of fifteen years died suddenly. She was here and talking to me and perfect and about to have a baby, and the next day she was just gone. It's the worst thing I have ever had to deal with-even over the abuse of my mother-and it awakened a new life in me. I was finally able to realize that my life was more important, that I deserved a chance to figure out who I was outside of my mothers addiction. It took me losing someone that I loved so intensely to finally wake me up and I wish it hadn't. So I decided to leave, even though I was still afraid that she could not survive without me. I saved some money, I found an apartment, I signed a lease, and the day I did that my mom called me and told me that I had a week to leave the house (without knowing that I had an apartment to move into) because she was filing bankruptcy and moving in with my grandma. What timing she had. So I guess I'll never actually know if her survival depended on me. Not that I want to, but I think on some level I wanted her to realize how important I was to her. I guess I thought that maybe she would love me more and appreciate me if she saw how difficult life was without me. It has been two years since we left that house, our relationship still needs work but she's sober now and I am making an effort to stay present in her life. My sober mother is so very different from the abusive alcoholic mother that I lived with for so long. However, the impacts of the abuse still have not gone away. I still live in  the mindset that I am nothing and deserve nothing. This point is proven to me every time I am rejected, be it by a man or a job or a student loan. I can't go back to school, I can't find work anymore, I feel unlovable. I ruined my future and at the end of the day it feels like it was for nothing. I don't know how to talk to people that have lived through abusive situations and I can't speak for everyone but what I do know is that after two years of freedom from my situation I still hear her in my head constantly telling me that I am nothing, and I believe it. 
My mother called me about a week ago to ask if she could give my number to my aunt. Ok cool I love that aunt. My mother then drops this. 'It's because your cousin and his girlfriend are coming to (local major city) and maybe you'd like to meet up with them. Your aunt wants to see you.'On its own that's not bad but my mom knows this, the aunt doesn't but the cousin raped me in my late teens. I'm not ashamed anymore because I know now that it wasn't my fault. My mom learned about it back in April. My mom keeps having me not tell the aunt and she won't either. It's been over ten years since it happened. My mom doesn't want to tell her sister so instead of making her sister uncomfortable she makes me a disaster zone. My husband can't take much more of my mother's crap. This was bad enough. Add in yesterday I finally called her and she denied the whole thing. She said she only called to let me know my aunt might call and she genuinely believes herself. I have a new phone number so my mother had called to get permission to hand it over. It's a rule I have with my phone number. Some parts of my family are quite sick and were abusive or worse. I'm lost now. My mother and I had been getting closer but now not so much. I'm just having a hard time processing and have too many emotions building up. I'm also battling trying to hide them from my husband because he really can't handle my mom's crap much more. I have already decided to step back and not talk to her as much because I can't handle her games. I just don't know anymore. I see my therapist tomorrow but it's still over 24 hours away atm.
This is probably gonna be long & is probably gonna take up the entire last hour of my work day but here goes nothing. To start, my brother & I were adopted as infants from separate families. I knew this my whole life, my mom was very good at making sure I felt loved, making sure I understood the whole situation as it was, so this never really bothered me too bad. My brother & I would joke about it sometimes when we were a little older. My dad was emotionally abusive to my mom, my brother & I for as long as I could remember, having us all do chores that he would mandate & constantly claim that we didn't do a good enough job, making us repeat the same tasks many times. My mom included. He just drank his beer & watched. That's how everything started. He pushed me off a chair once because I talked back to him, he's hit me with belts & he's slapped me across the face but all in all, he wasn't my main abuser & those are the only instances that he was ever physically abusive with me. My brother saw these actions, was raised thinking that women are second class citizens, that man's word is law & so on. He began molesting me when I was around 9 or 10 & he was I guess 13 or 14 at the time. He would wait until our parents left us home alone & he would lock us both in my mom's room (separate from my dad's room cause they've always hated each other) because that was the only door with a lock that wasn't the bathroom. He would make up things that I did wrong & threatened to tell our parents that I was bad when they were gone, if I didn't comply with what he said. I accepted that this was normal behavior & it became more frequent, more gross, & more sadistic as time passed. He tortured me. If I had to go to the bathroom, he would shut me in his room & sit against the door so I couldn't leave. I had to hold it so long that it hurt & if I didn't, it would feed into my humiliation. My mom came home during one of these events & as soon as she opened the door I ran out crying & running towards the bathroom, she asked my brother what the fuck was wrong with him & that was end of it. That's almost always how it happened. Before the molesting started, my brother would punch me in the head, slap me in the face, he's held pillows over my face & has held me underwater in our pool until my vision blackened (I don't know if he was actually trying to kill me or if he just wanted to push it). He's slammed my head against the corner of a table & I blacked out. He's told me my whole life that my friends secretly hate me, that I'm fat & ugly & I'll defnitely die alone because no one would ever marry me & so on. But when things weren't all fucked up and torturous, I had a somewhat decent relationship with him (which is the part that fucks with me the most) because as much as he tortured me, we were both going through the same thing with our dad.  My mom always told me they would divorce after my brother & I graduated because she didn't want us to start high school then have to move. Everything my mom has done is for my brother & I, & I could not thank her enough for that. She is the only member of my family that I have a true, loving relationship with & I couldn't be more grateful to have her in my life. Which is why I am so absolutely infuriated that I have this image repeating in a loop in my brain of my brother throwing her through a wall. She hid it from my dad because she was afraid of what he would do to my brother, so she covered for him, saying that she fell into the wall & that's why this tremendous hole is suddenly pops up in our hallway. I never wanted to tell my mom what happened to me because I felt so selfish since she was so upset all the time about my father.Police were frequently at my house for my brother's explosive fights with our dad. My brother is an abusive idiot. My father is an abusive idiot. This was not a good combination. Police never had enough evidence to do anything though.Moving forward, after the molesting stopped, the physical & emotional abuse slowed too. Then I just kind of saw him as an asshole. I blocked out what I could, I pretended for years that it just wasn't really there but I knew deep down I was holding onto this secret so tightly that it was eating me alive. When I was 13 or so I went to a few counselors for all of one or two sessions each because I was depressed (my mom claims I wasn't & she never understood why I went, but I never told her what was actually wrong anyway). My grades started slipping tremendously, I would go through bouts of extreme despair & extreme giddiness, being at school was horrible cause I got bullied a lot, probably because I wore lots of black & lots of makeup to hide everything. I cut my wrists from the time I was 12 until I was 16 or 17ish. One time my brother came in my room when I had just finished, there was blood all over my hands & the marks on my wrist were clearly uniform, & he laughed like a fucking maniac in my face & told me I should just kill myself. Almost did. But here I am.I stopped cutting when I started smoking pot. I figured I should probably be on some kind of mood stabilizer anyway so I don't look at it as a crutch but more a tool. Then I went through a pretty decent drugs phase where it was my goal to "try almost anything at least twice", because hey, that's what kinda lady I am. This lead me to an acid trip that changed my life completely. I find that when I'm tripping,  if I'm at a music festival or a concert, then I'm like THIS IS WHY I SHOULD BE ALIVE RIGHT NOW! but since I was alone, basically with no stimuli other than my room & some Jimi Hendrix, I thought to myself "Why should I be alive right now?" I added up everything in my life to that exact point, up to & including, being abused, which was not at the forefront of my brain for at least 7 years, so it felt almost like I just then found out what happened to me, I wasn't graduating high school because I didn't go to school because I was too depressed to even care about being awake/alive. I had to live with my abusers. My mom was stuck in a failing marriage of over 30 years & she was miserable. A few days before this trip, I threw a bottle of wine through the second story window of my room out of anger for whatever reason, so when I was really genuinely considering suicide, I looked over at the jagged glass & thought about how diving through it would feel & how badly I wanted this all to be over. This absolutely terrified me to the bone that I even was considering it, so at about 3:30 in the morning, my erratic, tripping self sauntered into my mom's room to tell her what I was feeling. "Mom I really need you right now, I am tripping so hard & I am freaking the fuck out" She gave me a xanax (I don't like taking it but it was the only thing that worked) & she hugged me so tight & that was the first time I remember telling her that I loved her. (Saying it felt wrong considering we're supposed to love our families & that was a foreign concept to me my whole life)After that everything made sense to me. During my trip I was breaking down in my head what life really was. Waking up. Distracting yourself from the nothingness that is reality. Going to sleep. Repeat until death. Clearly there is so much more but to make it as absolutely simple as possible, that's what I came up with. & this absolutely terrified me which is pretty much why I saw no point in living anymore. The universe is all effect & no cause. There has never been an answer, there never will be, that is the answer. I thought that & immediately fell asleep after trying to for so long. My mom let me sleep in her bed for the rest of the night because I was truly brought down to a childlike state. I woke up & cried because I was so absolutely happy that my thoughts weren't going in a loop anymore. This is when I discovered what I needed to do to make my life worth it. I don't wanna go unnoticed & I don't want to die before spreading my message to the world. I'm going to school in January to become an art teacher because of all the ones I've ever had, they understood me the best & could pick up on little things about me that I didn't think anyone would. I almost feel like they knew what happened to me. I want to give advice to kids that they will remember for the rest of their lives, like my teachers have done for me & will continue to do for their students. I don't want anyone to have to go through the high school/life experiences that I went through, at least not armed with an artillery of knowledge from someone who has seen it all. Recovering is scary, it's hard & sometimes you just feel like you can't, & that's okay. Nothing that happened to you or me is our faults, nor can we do anything about it other than try to better ourselves to be the people we want to be & to get our brains to a healthy state. None of us are alone. Positivity, rhythmic breathing, poetry, art, music, friends, (healthy) food, water, & all the sweet little things you notice about life will truly see you through. Start by telling someone. Anyone. You will feel stronger from that alone. If none of this happened to me, I wouldn't be able to offer any decent advice to my best friend since kindergarten who recently got out of an extremely abusive relationship. If I hadn't had the experiences I've had then I would be crying right there with her, but instead I have what I need to pick her up & wipe away her tears & there is no reward like that. I feel happy overall inside & out & I love where my life has taken me, especially since I have all that negative to compare the positive to.TLDR; This is the first thing I've ever posted on here & the first time I ever wrote all this shit down so forgive me if it's a bit scattered. The road is rough & I have so many horrible images in my brain because of my past, but recovery is possible. I promise you. Fight with love.
10 years ago my wife divorced me after almost 10 years of marriage. She fell in love with someone else.For the entirety of our marriage, she subjected me to sexual and psychological abuse. The whole time, I thought that I was the abuser. It wasn't until five years after the divorce, five years ago, that I realized that I had been the one to be abused, and she had exploited my fears and feelings of being an abuser to control me. I assumed I was the abuser because I was a man. Men were never the abused; they were always the abusers. That's how I thought.Yet ... I willingly stayed that whole 10 years. I could have left. There were so many red flags: I tried getting help for my abusiveness so many times, but no therapists could ever help me BECAUSE I WAS NOT AN ABUSER. I tried reading books about how to forgive myself, but THERE WAS NOTHING TO FORGIVE. But still I stayed and I took it and continually thanked her for staying with me, a lowly, wretched abuser.I could have left at any time.I'm finally in a therapy program that I think might actually help me, but the feelings of guilt, shame, and anger are overwhelming. I hate myself and the idiot that I was. I didn't leave. I could have. I didn't and I broke myself forever and I am the only one to blame for that.
[TW] Sexual abuse, incest, pedophilia.I did [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fZcxOdtqXqY&list=UUSQ-TbjY2XXt-hdhHxOv2rw) for a lot of reasons. Some are selfish. I needed the healing. I want to let my abuser know he no longer owns this piece of my soul. But, truth be told; I'm down right terrified. I'm following thru because I believe it should be done. I believe it's information people should have. I hope it can bring healing to others. I hope it inspires others to speak out. My experience is with sexual grooming. But abuse of all forms relies on undermining the victims security, preying on weaknesses, and implementing guilt and fear to maintain control. [The creepypms wiki is full of resources for reporting sex abuse, specifically against minors.](ttp://www.reddit.com/r/creepyPMs/wiki/resources)[The National Child Help hotline can be found here.](http://www.childhelp.org/pages/hotline-home) [I'd like to include this link for learning how to be a supportive listener, for anyone who knows a victim and wishes to offer loving support.](http://www.supportivelistening.org)Please, if anyone has more resources comment with them here. I'll add them to the body of this as we go. Feel free to post the video link anywhere else on reddit, or link friends. I want the word to get the word out. Thank you.-JustLikeTami
I'd like to start off by saying that this isn't meant to be "man hating," so I'm sorry if it comes off like that. But I feel like ya'll will understand these feelings.Context: I'm a twenty-year-old trans person.My intense mistrust and fear of men probably started from a young age. All my life, my mother had boyfriend after boyfriend and two husbands that were very emotionally and verbally abusive, and physically abusive with her sometimes. I don't know what ages exactly, but I was molested by my brother for at least three or four years, but its all kind of a blur so I'm not sure. All of the men in my life have been very abusive in some way, and very aggressive or harmful to me or women around me.I grew up in a really religious house thinking I was gay but never feeling comfortable with that because of abuse and because of my religion. I eventually kinda "came to terms with it" and tried to stop hating myself around ninth grade. I've been attracted to gay porn but never had a desire to engage sexually with another guy or date (I know, its strange). And not up until I turned nineteen did I actually branch off and try. I hated the men I talked to and was disgusted whenever they tried to show affection, and I ended up just having sex with a few guys to force myself to have sex and never enjoyed it, was repulsed by it, and ended up intensely hating the three men I had sex because of it. Infact, one of the guys ended up forcing himself on me, and it really solidified my hatred of men. I still don't have any desire to engage sexually with men, but I'm so grossed out and upset with them as a gender (again, don't get mad im sorry) that I really feel guilty about this attraction. I genuinely don't want to feel this way. I wish I was attracted to women or even felt comfortable dating queer women who might understand but I just have no idea. Its all really confusing and I don't even know if any of this makes sense.Any sources on sexuality after abuse or even trans abuse survivors anywhere or advice would about your own experiences would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.
[cross post from /r/off_my_chest]Dear ____,I remember the first time you hit me, the way the room shook as well as the rest of my body. The white walls of your room looked like a mirrored elevator, going on forever. I felt as if I was in another world, lost in the ringing from my right ear. I always remembered myself as being such an upfront person, whenever anything bothered me I’d tell the person on the spot, if I didn’t like something, id say it. But I slowly lost that part of my personality with you, I had kept quiet in fear that you’d lash out. For how I remember the car rides where you knew something was wrong and you’d speed through red lights not looking where you were going, all because I had ruined your night by not talking as much. But what was I supposed to say? Something that would upset you in public so you’d start speaking in **HIS VOICE**?  All the while you’d talk down to me in that tone without screaming. If we were out and you’d grab my hand so gently, then so hard as if you were about to comfort me but instead you’d squeeze as hard as your palms could. Telling me that you knew I’d act like this and why couldn’t I just have said something because I knew you’d get that angry. The next day you’d usually take me out for dinner, a fancy dinner or buy me a gift that was your trademark. You were really nice...mostly. Sometimes you could be super sweet, loving, and a charm to be around. You’d always pick me up in the morning when you could. We’d go to the gym together, you’d always send me a really long good morning messages, you’d cook for me, take me out on dates, you’d buy me chocolates and constantly try to treat me like a princess even when you barely had any money. Except for on the occasion where something would be off and your mood would be so tense that I could almost feel the temperature in the room rising. All of a sudden I would see **HIS HANDS** grab and **HIS HANDS** would curl up into a fist and turn my little head into a speed bag. Your voice would go away, **HE’D** go off. But in each apology you’d be even sweeter, more loving than before and things became good again. Maybe it was the tone in my voice as I was telling you something? Maybe it was something I did earlier that bothered you? Maybe this is really the last time and from now on and you’ll be the kind person I fell for? You’re being so loving to me right now; surely I couldn’t leave someone so caring. Are all things I’d tell myself.  After all you’ve been through so much.The first time I told my mom about, being really terrified by **HIS HANDS**, it was only two weeks after her stroke.  She wasn’t really all there to begin with but I had been telling her everything up until her accident.  She reminded me of the high school sweetheart relationship my father and her shared and how she experienced similar things before he left. My grandma who I love more than anything was married to a man from the time where she was in college until he died in his late 80s where he would abuse her. I started to realize how common it was and to think that everyone elses relationship is just the same behind the scenes. Sometimes it was right to put women in our place. I tried to make the best of what you gave me and the relationship went on.Four days ago I realized that I don’t know you, I never did. You were abusing drugs and cheating on me for the duration of our relationship and I never had a clue. I was ¬¬oblivious¬¬ although I didn’t trust you to begin with. Its bittersweet the fact that you leaked nude pictures of me onto my Instagram before you broke my phone and started hitting me violently, only a few days ago. Otherwise I don’t think I would’ve ever realized what was going on, come to grips with the situation, or tried to help myself by going to the police.I was blind not to realize this sooner. For the way you would turn into a different person as you’d grab me by my hair, pin me to the floor and then choke me until I felt like I was drowning, leaving that resounding ringing in my ears as I flailed my arms in your direction attempting to pull at your shirt, anything to get you from on top of me. You made me feel like a rag doll. I’m just glad that I didn’t spend too much of my life under your arm, or who knows what you would have done to me. I feel badly for everything that has happened to you, in your past and for how it effects your present. Memories will always come back up to haunt you even when you deny that they’re there. Just realize that although I still had more love to give to you, I decided to give up on you for how much you took out of me. I’m the type to give endless chances and to keep giving you more even when I know you’re wrong. It really took everything left inside of me to leave you. I know we made lots of memories together, as well as I know you’ll be in my heart forever aside from the days where the thermometer blew. I know you’ll never forget me, but use that to your advantage. Take this as something to better yourself, as I always told you that I’d do my best to help improve you for your future and here is my gift to you, a wake up call. Walking away from this at least I know you may think twice about putting your hands around the throat of your ten-year-old sister. I saw this coming from the beginning but pretended that it wasn’t happening until I assessed what we had. You wished that you could control whoever was in your life.Although you’d always buy me fancy gifts and take me out, with the personality that comes with your anger and aggressive behavior towards me, all of those things mean nothing. You would never listen to me when I really needed to vent so I kept things bottled up until I was full. You had no trust in me as well, so you became so controlling that it came to a point where you’d read all of my conversations or always ask a lot of questions when if I asked to go out, or called anyone, I became your puppet. You insulted my mother, after her very recent stroke and would elbow me in the head every time you felt insulted or alone. In the car you’d speed and I’d feel scared for my life. You would hide things from me and you screamed at your own mother in front of me on various occasions.   *I’m sorry* for telling people that your dad hit you. Especially since it was for such a long period of your adolescent life, for that I regret. But you should not feel entitled to control things and people to be satisfied with your own life. I just want you to be happy with yourself eventually. Even if you can’t be happy for yourself, I hope that one day after this is all over, that you can be happy for the people who care about you like your mother, two sisters and I.
The short story is that I dated a guy, for about a year and a half who was emotionally and verbally abusive. Despite the fact that it knew all the signs of an abusive relationship, I didn't see I was in one until after the relationship ended. I had hoped that as time progressed and I got some distance from the relationship, the scars would fade - but I still feel completely torn up some days. A simple song, visiting a common place, hearing a word or name he used to call me can ruin my whole day, and send me into a pit of self-loathing that I ever let a piece of shit like him treat me the way he did. I feel like this is affecting my relationships moving forward too. The longest relationship I have had in the last 5 years lasted 3 months. I'm afraid to open myself to someone again, and lose myself again. I'm tired of feeling jaded. I'm tired of feeling ashamed of myself and my past. I'm tired of feeling afraid of commitment. I'm tired of feeling like I'll never feel normal again. I know we are products of our past, but I want to feel like more than a victim of abuse. Does anyone have any advice for me? Is there a way I can distance myself from my past, and move on?
He constantly messages me on Facebook asking to meet me and I have blocked his main account. I did not realize that I had not blocked the other account he contacts me on - and he thinks this is a signal that I want to be contacted.Today he sent me another message saying that he is going on holiday with his son and girlfriend and if I don't reply by the time he gets back he will not contact me again. He said "I don't know what your scared of. Are you scared of seeing me and falling for me or something I really don't know". He even added: "we don't have to tell anyone you have got in contact with me".Is that an uneducated way of saying "you will like me as a brother" or some kind fear he thinks I actually have of falling in love with my half brother. It makes me feel disgusting to be associated with that thought.What the hell am I supposed to do in this situation? His mother died when he was 5 and our father was a violent alcoholic. When my mother left him I was 3 and my half-brother stayed with my father before being sent to a children's home. He later told my mother that he went to therapy and he thinks our father molested him. When I was 3 he asked me to suck on him (he was 12/13), which I didn't. He also tried to drown me in the bath.What do you think the best course of action is here?tl;dr: Brother tried to molest and drown me when I was 3 and he was 13. I haven't seen him since 1999 and he keeps trying to contact me on FB. He wants to meet me and said "I don't know what your scared of. Are you scared of seeing me and falling for me or something I really don't know". He even added: "we don't have to tell anyone you have got in contact with me". What advice can anyone give me?
I've shared my story before and at the time it was really helpful. Things have changed quite dramatically since then and I'm struggling to process it all again so I thought I would have another try. I have reported my abuser to the police and have found it an amazing and positive experience so far. I am believed and have been supported by the officers in such a sensitive and honest way. Being told by a police officer that they want to get him and will do everything they can to do so is an incredible feeling. So far he has been arrested and is on bail while the powers that be decide whether to charge him. Such is the British judicial system, there is a lot of waiting involved. The main issue that's come from all of this other than putting my mother through learning the intimidate details of my abuse. Is that it's been confirmed I am not his only victim. Before he married my mum he had a previous wife, three daughters and a son. All three daughters went through a very similar experience to me. They reported when I was about 15 and I was questioned about an incident of indecent exposure by stepfather to me as a child. That event never happened and at the time I was still very much under his control though the abuse had stopped so I told the truth about the events I was asked about and chose to not say anything else. I hadn't realised then I was abused or anything like that and so thought it was the right thing to do. He wasn't charged and that they were lying became the consensus. Since then it's been at the back of my mind but I've spent so long protecting myself and family from this I hid from it. It was safer for me to think it was only me. Something about me made him do it and I was his only victim. With even an ounce of rational thought that argument is broken but it kept me safe for a long time. Now it's gone. I'm safe now of course and I have so much  support and love that I'm slowly dealing with this and can actually see my own progress. I expected set backs when I reported, I knew it would make me flash back more and it would mean my mum would learn the details and my protecting her would be totally over. I was prepared for them, I wasn't prepared for the monster I'd made my abuser to be an even worse one. I now question everything all over again, I am the reason he married my mum? He's a predator, who has there been since me? I've spent so much time and energy convincing myself that he did it only to me for some reason or another and it made it better. When I was the only one at least I was, well the only one. Now I think I could have protected someone. It's all so much bigger than I thought. His daughters have been questioned and are willing to do whatever they need to in order to get charges pressed this time and I'm so grateful they will help. I feel so guilty they weren't believed before, I am dreading it if he doesn't get charges and for them it will be second time around. Even their own mother didn't believe them I've since learned. All because of the manipulating creature my stepfather is. I really don't know how to process this and how to manage the guilt. Guilt and shame are the buzz words of therapy and overcoming them has been my biggest triumph. It's changed my life to say it wasn't my fault but now this guilt feels more warranted and how can I not feel to blame for both not telling the police before and the fact I may have let another girl be abused.  
Hi, I have a really basic but honest question. How does a child's brain become traumatized from sexual abuse from the early age if the abuse does not involve otherwise violent gestures? What component of the abuse is traumatic if a child doesn't understand sex? I remember as a child, we were taught about "red flag touches" and "OK touches" and were told about what parts of our body are deemed "private." Thinking back on this makes me wonder about how culture plays a role in the child's brain of interpreting sexual abuse. If we lived in a society wherein people commonly walked around naked with no distinctly "private" parts, how would a child be affected by a forced shoulder massage versus a forced sex act? What if we lived in a society where children would commonly witness consenting sex between parents? Do my questions make sense? I don't mean to diminish the horrible effects of abuse in any way. I understand what terrible things it can do to a person's psyche. I just want to put a question out there that has crossed my mind. Any input or recommended references would be appreciated. 
I was sexually abused as a child and realized this 5 years ago when I did things with my ex boyfriend that brought back all the memories. I had blocked it out so well and then it just came flooding back. He was with me through it all and I'm so grateful for that. We've broken up and now I'm wondering how I can start a new relationship with the abuse still haunting me. I just want to hear how others have handled it. I do go to therapy and have talked to it with my therapist. She says to take things slowly, but I'm afraid to even go on dates. I'm fine until it's an hour before and then I freak out. I haven't kissed anyone or anything since I broke up with my ex. I'm afraid of how I'll react once I do. What have you done to help you feel safe?
This has been bugging me for awhile.Ever since I escaped my abusive parents a few years ago, my relatives have fallen into the whole Obligation mentality and have tried to suck me in by insinuating that I am petty, shallow or misguided for breaking contact and leaving behind the abusive household.I have been adamant about staying away from them and it keeps being warped as the actions of a spoiled child running away.How do I deal with my relatives? In the time Ive been away, theyve painted me as the Problem of the family and have all seemed to have turned on me and enabled my "parents" in almost getting into contact twice.The thing that gets under my skin the most is how they're all like "let it go" and "forgive them" like it was some sort of trash TV reunion special. And I cant convince them that it has nothing to do with that. Its about staying away from people who hurt me.(Note, this all happened a year or so ago spaced out into several months.)Is there a way to turn my relatives around or should I see them as part of the problem? Or do I have the wrong mentality about this?I ask this because I have a relative who is very dear to me that I want to see again and should I approach I will inevitably walk into a hornet's nest and even confronted by my abusers.My other problem is work. I cant hold the same job in public places for very long because Im scared that my abusers will find me and passive-aggressively harass me or just plain harass me at work.What are my options if something like this happens? Im scared that they will prowl around my place of work and be in a position to mentally/emotionally abuse me, and for a supervisor do nothing because the situation isnt overtly aggressive.
I F[23] have been with my partner F[28] for nearly two years. It's been a tough relationship for other reasons (her healing over her ex; me having major depression), but we have pushed through and supported each other. I've known since pretty early on that her situation with her parents wasn't great—they don't approve of her being gay and they aren't warm, understanding, affectionate parents like mine have always tried to be.I learned pretty quickly that her father is majorly depressed and probably suffers from Intermittent Explosive Disorder and maybe PTSD. He's super paranoid too, about incredibly minor things like the neighbors taking a parking spot out in front of his house. He can't seem to hold down consistent employment, although he is the primary breadwinner in the house. My partner's mother lives with him and cooks for him and essentially enables him because she can't afford to live on her own. I've only found out bits and pieces of what the father did to my partner, but from what I understand there was a lot of verbal and emotional abuse, and he definitely laid his hands on both of his children and at least once on his wife. Never anything sexual, to my knowledge. He's like a thundercloud that roams the house and lashes out at his kids.For a while, my partner was living with me. Originally I moved to her city to be closer to her and with the intention of us splitting costs so she could get away from her parents. Some financial stuff came up so she couldn't pay her half of the rent for the first month... or the second... or the third...... but I was supportive and I already had to pay for myself to live somewhere with or without her, so I shouldered that burden.We were renting a room from an older gentleman at that point, and he was a cool guy—he'd take us out for ice cream or drinks, we'd give him dating advice, all was cool. He and my partner worked in similar lines of work and they'd chat about it all the time. They were both extroverts, I kept to myself. He had a bit of a temper (old Italian guy from Brooklyn) and would sometimes grump about misunderstandings or dishes in the sink, but it wasn't often and it wasn't unreasonable. My partner would get way more upset about these incidents than I would, to the point of wanting to pack up and move out with no notice. I suspected she was having trouble with an older male authority figure because of issues with her dad.We moved from that place for mostly unrelated issues, and into a place my partner picked out where she could have her dog. This was another houseshare with a fellow I hadn't met—but my partner had met him and hit it off with him the couple times they talked so I trusted her. I figured since she chose this place, she wouldn't have problems with this guy. So we end up in this new place (still on my dime) and I'm not a fan of the location or our housemate, but my partner will be happy and now she gets to have her dog! Things are awesome... for a month. Then housemate asks us to do certain chores. Okay, sure, we live in the house too, we'll help out. My partner is upset and offended that we have to be his "maids". Housemate turns the water boiler down to save on gas costs. I personally think that the water is way too cold for showers, but my partner tells me that housemate says we can't turn it up. Some other incident involving one of the dogs having an accident on the floor happens. My partner gets mad, packs up and leaves to go live with her parents.Meanwhile I'm stuck here with housemate because I don't really have anywhere else to go. I talk to him, he's fine with me turning the water to a reasonable temperature. He's cool about everything, and I figure out that a lot of aggravation could have been avoided, but my partner didn't actually talk to him about the issues she was having with him. So again, I figure she has problems with male authority figures and perceives them as emotionally manipulative or threatening.So now partner lives with her parents, away from me. She's paying them part of the utilities (even though she never had money to help me out), and she's with her father again. She has told me she doesn't want to be like him, but the longer she lives there the more I'm seeing her anger issues crop up. When we were living with housemate #2, she would storm around the house ranting and radiating negative energy but I assumed it was just because of the situation. Now she does the same thing at home when certain things set her off. She absolutely YELLED at the dogs the other day for knocking over a glass that was on the floor—and she's a soft-spoken ex vet tech that is ordinarily telling me that they're just dogs and don't know better. Yesterday she flipped out and got very stormy and irate because her poached eggs didn't come out right. I'm a sensitive person and very empathetic, so these outbursts of anger probably affect me more than they would affect most people. Even accounting for that, though, her reactions are beyond a normal level of frustration and anger.I've dealt with a lot of mental health issues in my family, but I'm completely at a loss for this one. My partner and I have gone to therapy separately and together for about a year now, insurance allowing. All of my history with depression and family issues is out on the table. Whenever I've tried to bring up my partner's issues with her abusive father, it doesn't go anywhere. She will very occasionally open up to me about it and I can see how deeply it has damaged her, but I can't seem to help her or get her to seek help. I am trying to be supportive, but these last couple outbursts have damaged my trust in her because I am afraid that she'll either become like her father or just continue to use me as an outlet for her anger. I tried to discuss this with her yesterday, but she gets defensive and says that she was raised that way and doesn't know any better. I don't want to throw away this sometimes sweet and caring girl over something that shaped her formative years—but I also feel like she's an adult now and needs to recognize her history and deal with it in a healthy way. How do I support her while also making it clear that I will not tolerate her bringing this negativity and anger into my life?TLDR;Partner was verbally/emotionally abused by her angry, depressed father. I tried to get her out of the situation but she had difficulty coping with both of the (male) housemates that she chose and has moved back to where her abusive father lives. She's becoming more like him. Therapy has been ineffective. How do I support her emotionally and also make it clear that this behavior is unacceptable? Are there alternatives to talk therapy for someone who won't talk? I'm about at the end of my rope.
[This is my life](http://i.imgur.com/mHC8dpA.jpg)  I'm not sure I will ever have another relationship. That is how it goes for me as an adult. I dated a lot from age 15-25 but the older I get the more crazy I get when I grow close to someone who wants to take things to the next level. I know it is because of the abuse I experienced as a kid. I just don't know how to change. I had grown comfortable being alone and I was okay. I am now very lonely and want to change.
About a decade ago, I was in a bad relationship. Over the course of two years, it was abusive in every way but physical. (He never hit me, that I remember.) It started when I was 17.It didn't start out bad. It was bit by bit, just gradually, that he manipulated me, so little at a time it may not have been noticed. It started with prom, and then dating. It didn't take long for the little twisted things to start.He would guilt me about spending time with my friends, saying it meant I didn't care about him. If/when I tried to break up with him, he threatened to kill himself. I was 17. I didn't know how to handle that. My parents were/are not the kind you can talk to about that sort of thing.Eventually I didn't see anyone outside of school except my family, him, and the people he allowed me to see. He was very controlling, even just by his words. I don't remember when it happened, but I remember where I stood, when I 'realized', "Things would be easier/better if I just. stopped. thinking." And so I did. You know the little thoughts that run through your head throughout the day? Mine were silenced. (They still are not back to normal. I don't know if they ever will be.)By the time sex was brought (by his coercion) to the relationship, I was pretty numb. If I tried to refuse, he would yell and yell and yell, and I felt there was no escape. I quit trying.Thankfully, I went to college out of town. This did not mean things were immediately better. I didn't know anyone there, and didn't have a roommate for the first few months. He would call constantly, at any given hour, for various lengths of time. When we weren't on the phone, there were instant messages and emails. It was a major offense if I didn't come home on every possible weekend and holiday.He tried to convince me to move back to town and transfer to a college which was closer. He brought up marriage. But he also said, if I ever left him, he would pursue another local girl (who looks very much like me). I realize now this was in contrast to the threats, which had grown (and never ended), and were no longer only of self-harm, but threats against others, including both physical harm and attacks on character.Thankfully, I went to the event at the beginning of the school year which showcased many of the student clubs. I found one full of nerds, went to the first meeting, and continued to attend weekly.I found friends. Good friends. And a roommate, who also became a good friend.By the spring semester, he had started 'breaking up' with me, never for very long before he un-broke-up with me. The number of those events rose until it was multiple times a week, then multiple times a night.I couldn't take it anymore. I told people. I told my closest friends at school, and the few remaining friends at home. I had a veritable horde of nerds ready to stand by me. While at a meeting, surrounded by them, but without wanting to burden them with what I was doing, I broke up with him over IM. I didn't want to wait another second. I wanted it over. And I didn't want to hear or otherwise deal with his reaction. He responded saying that he was going to kill himself. I informed his sister, with whom I had been friends, and advised her that she or a parent may want to do something, to call 911, but that I could not be a part of things any more. She understood.I'm sure I've left out things. During that time, I learned to forget. I don't remember most of that time of my life. I've struggled to be able to remember things since then. I can now maintain eye contact again - that ability had been destroyed in that time. I don't hide in big baggy clothes any more. I can wear t-shirts that aren't long sleeved - I can even wear shirts and tank tops, though I still feel weird about it sometimes. I've been working to get better. I've been to therapy. I've had supportive people in my life.I still have nightmares sometimes. Not of him hurting me or anyone else, or really anything that would outwardly appear 'bad'. I dream that we are together, or potentially going to be together, and that he is 'normal'.It can be hard to talk about these things in-depth, and to do so seriously. For me, I've had feelings of guilt and stupidity, for not seeing things more clearly, for staying so long - and for 'letting' things happen.I don't know what I hope to gain from writing this. Maybe someone else will see this, recognize something in their life, and get out. Maybe it's comforting to know you're not alone. I don't know. I do hope that others who have been in similar situations can hear what I've heard and learned - It's not your fault. Please ask for help if you need it. There are people who will support you. It may not be easy, but your life can be so much better.tl;dr - Life sucks sometimes - but it's not necessarily your fault, and it can get better.
I'm not sure if what I've been through was abuse, but I've been gathering the courage to tell my story and I made an alternate account to do so. There might be triggers in here, just a warning.To get started: I am the oldest of two, I have a younger brother. My father was very angry, verbally abusive, and occasionally physically abusive. He would scream, yell, threaten, slam doors, break things, and I have been thrown up the stairs on one occasion (I was 14 years old). My mom would just let him do it, even to her. She would always tell me "don't make your father mad". I know now she was enabling him. She still does, as you'll read later. (my father had a poor relationship with his mother and younger sister... she was the "favorite" and he deeply resented that. His father was a serial cheater, drug addict, etc. My mom's father was a physically abusive alcoholic so I think that my parents might not have had the best parents to model after)From an early age, my brother was the favorite. My mom is very girly and somewhat co-dependent. I took after my father, and am more intelligent, independent, not girly (I'm a female). Basically I felt growing up that I wasn't the child they wanted and my brother was. A lot of little things clued me in, up until I was kicked out after high school. My parents wouldn't go to my marching band functions (they never missed one of my brother's), he was often coddled, while I was left to my own devices, they gave him 3 cars, paid his lawyers when he was getting in trouble with the law, let him live at their house till he moved in with his girlfriend(24yrs old)... while I had to buy my first car (from them at a discount), put myself through college (my dad cosigned my loan for my second car, but used that to manipulate me, constantly threatening to take the car from me despite my making the payments and working three jobs to support myself through college). They paid for my brother to attend and fail out of THREE different colleges before deciding that college just wasn't his thing.I graduated college and left their state(KY). My dad got a job in the state I'm now in (AL), and although the relationship was strained, I tried to stay in contact, but he was the same tool he'd always been. I got into a spot of trouble where I could have really used his help(filing something with the EEOC against unlawful termination and he was a human resource manager), and he waited till the last second to bail on me, blaming me for his bad attitude. I went cold turkey on contact because I was sick of the poor treatment. My father had two heart attacks during the cold turkey time(2009), one which he died (and was brought back) and I was made out to be the bad person for not dropping my job search and coming to see him (he had both heart attacks in KY, he travelled a lot).Well after the heart attack that killed him, his doctor told him the next one would REALLY kill him so he had a "change of heart" so to speak. My mom informed me of this and I tried to restart a relationship with them(2010). Good thing, because my then-husband left and filed divorce.Things seemed good for a while, with all of us doing fun activities as a family (like driving NASCARS) but it didn't last :(. I was really hoping my dad could be a mentor to me, teach me things, etc. I kinda wanted the father/daughter relationship we'd never had. I tried to learn from him and he seemed to be willing enough to give advice... but then things started going downhill again. The first episode was last year when my (now) husband and I were visiting them in KY. My father was watching FOX news which seems to get him riled up because he "hates the liberals and Obama". I am definitely not conservative but for the sake of maintaining a good father daughter relationship I would just ignore his comments, despite the fact that most of them were belittling and hateful towards me. He had a tirade about how good of a father he was to me and how I was an ungrateful liberal bitch...he was yelling and stomping around, slamming doors and throwing shit, in front of my husband... who had never seen this sort of display and kinda froze. Thank God I was leaving their house that day anyway. I tried to put that off as an anomaly (my mom was in the house when it happened, she just went upstairs and shut the door).Fast forward to 4th of July this year, parents come to visit and my mom is pressuring me to have kids (I don't want kids for many reasons, breaking the cycle of how I was treated being one of them, since a lot of people say I'm like my dad... because they didn't see the dark side of it). My dad even said I shouldn't have kids because I'm "speshul". Whatever. Then both my parents get on about the whole Hobby Lobby thing, about women feeling entitled to preventative health care. Well I'd had enough (I have an IUD for medical reasons, genetic uterine issues from both sides of the family), I let them know that thanks to the ACA, my IUD was covered 100% by my insurance and I used the money I'd saved to buy kayaks for my husband and I. Neither parent cared and my mom started on the whole grandbaby trip, and my dad was just being an asshole... so I walked alone to my vehicle and left. Neither parent tried to contact me the rest of their time in Alabama. A few days later, my mom texted me like nothing had happened  "sorry we couldn't spend more time together while we were visiting". She has called me a few times since then, I think mostly because my brother and his wife are pregnant now. I dunno. I haven't answered. My father hasn't tried to contact me, which is fine.I'm happy my brother is going to have a kid, I'd like to be an aunt that spoils a niece or nephew. However, since his wife is more "girly", my mom has a pretty good relationship with her. My brother has a good relationship with my father.I've tried to have a good relationship with my parents but it seems all one sided. Since lately it's been all about my uterus and then them getting hateful because I don't want kids, my dad being an asshole because I'm not "a good conservative", and now that my brother's wife is expecting, I'm not sure I should bother with them anymore.I feel sad, a sense of loss... I was on the verge of tears typing most of this. I realize some of the stuff makes it look like I'm jealous. I would have liked some equal treatment that's for sure. At this point though, I feel like cutting all ties and treating them like strangers. My mom will be too obsessed with the "new grandbaby" anyway, so she'll prolly forget about me. I'd rather just not have anything to do with them anymore. Given the situation, does it seem reasonable?
I was physically and emotionally abused by my father from the age of about 6 to about 15, at which point it became less frequent and I had more agency as a teenager. Usually, he would yell at me, slap me in the face really hard, kick me, and hit my head against the floor when he got angry, which was probably once every few months. Other things he's done include breaking a plastic box over my head, hitting me with a belt, punching me in the stomach and knocking the wind out of me, and making me get naked and take a cold shower in front of him. There are way more things to mention.The verbal stuff was the worst. He would yell at me and berate me for hours, and say all kinds of mean sarcastic things, and really put me down. Sometimes he yelled at me or hit me in public. There was no way to get out of it until he decided to stop. He always treated me like a bad kid, even though I didn't get into trouble much and had pretty good grades. I was the leader of a couple major extra-curricular groups in school, and just graduated college with two engineering degrees in four years. I got a pretty good job out of college and just moved away from my parents about a month ago. I'm 22 right now.It really sucks not having a loving and supportive family. I don't know if I'll talk to them or see them much anymore. I've also never had a girlfriend or had sex with anyone. I'm decently socially normal and can makes jokes if I'm in a good mood, and some female friends have said that they find me hot, but I don't know how true it is and I'm really worried. There have been some threads here where girls talk about their boyfriends holding them and comforting them while they share stories of abuse, and I don't know if a girl would do that for me or find a man who needed that attractive, even though she might be able to empathize. People say over and over that girls find confident guys with healthy self-esteem attractive, and I've had so much confidence and self-esteem taken from me. In any relationship, I'll have this huge stigmatizing emotional bomb to drop about my past abuse and family issues, in addition to not having dated anybody yet at this age. I don't even really know what confidence is. I stand up for myself and am resilient and hardworking, but I'm also pretty insecure and worried and it shows sometimes. Sometimes I'll be really depressed around friends or coworkers. A few times I've started crying in public, like at a train station or something.So basically any advice would be appreciated. There's the family you're born with and the family you choose, and it doesn't seem like either is going to work out for me. A life without love isn't really worth it. Also, I've been reading books and seeing a therapist, so I am trying to work on this.
This is the first time I've reached out to other survivors, but here goes. I was sexually abused by my stepfather's daughter from his first marriage for 7 years, from age 5 to age 12. She was several years older. She made me think it was normal behavior, even though it was traumatizing and painful. I pretty much shut down, and never learned to really deal with it.The worst part is that when my mother found out when I was 18, she said it was my fault for not telling. My other sister told me to just get over it, that bringing it up after all these years (I'm 33 now) will just destroy the family. I'm just so angry that everyone is so dismissive of something so terrible, something that went on right under my parents' noses that they could not or would not protect me from.My question is this: how do I start to heal, and how do I stop hating my mother for her attitudes, and for not protecting me?
I am a good person. Many times in my life, I have been the victim of sexual molestation or assault. I once had to report a physician to the university he worked for. He was fired / forced into early retirement. Someone on reddit has claimed I am now responsible for him still being free, still walking around, because I did not call the cops.I think this person is angry and a jerk. But maybe I am as well.I always thought I did the right thing by getting him fired. I did not want to call the police. I had done this dance with the cops previously once when I was grabbed by a random guy in a parking lot. They could not have cared less and told me to be more aware of my surroundings. This was a powerful person who worked at an Ivy League Univ hospital.So, having had that experience, and being in total shock, the only thing I did was report to the University.Now people are making me feel I should have done more. I thought I was a good person. Maybe I am not.**EDIT: here are the comments this person made. I was not raped. http://i.imgur.com/AxY08kj.png**
Hello, I posted here a while ago but deleted my thread eventually for privacy. I went through what people have called sexual abuse which happened when I was younger twice. I often wonder if the fact that a victim was not forced or did not see the abuse as bad at the time changes the negative effects of the abuse, or if the negative after effects in such circumstances would be as a result of realizing that society sees these things as very bad, or if there is a purely scientific reason behind the damaging effects of the abuse, which would occur even without any knowledge of the "badness" of abuse, like maybe how it effects the brain regardless. As I know there is much research indicating it changes the development of the brain, but I'm not sure if this could be due to the force/lack of consent which is common in abuse. As at the time I almost never saw it as inappropriate or bad, so it feels sometimes like was it that bad that it happened? I've had a lot of trouble with depression and anxiety since I was a kid, but I've always felt like that was a result of being constantly lonely. Though I do always feel hypersexual and slightly messed up sexually, could just be my age though. thanks for reading.
I was in an NYC Trader Joes (6th Ave if anyone is wondering) in the middle of the day (1:30), trying to avoid the rush. I'm looking at something on the shelf when a woman with a stroller comes near. She has a baby in her arms with a toddler in the stroller. She was either a SAHM (unlikely, considering $$$, but that was my ) or a nanny, I wasn't sure at the time, especially considering her later behaviour.The toddler was quiet. Not a peep. But the mother / nanny started to scream at her. Really noticeably and embarrassingly. People stared, but she either didn't notice or care. And okay, screaming, what can a stranger who knows nothing do? But then she takes her hand and either starts hitting the girl or simulating the force repeatedly. And I heard nothing from the daughter. Not a cry, nothing. The only words I remember the mom saying were "Get out of the stroller. Get out of the stroller!"I saw them again in the store a bit after. The daughter was still in the stroller, quiet. I couldn't really see any bruises on her but her face looked a little red and shy / upset the way kids that age kind of look. Probably the worse part, especially if she was a mom, was the sweetness with which she treated the baby. It made me wonder if she was angry that her toddler had grown up from being an infant.From her accent and appearance I thought she was Italian but could have been some other variation of a European. Have no idea if that behaviour is common where she's from but regardless, I'm ashamed that I did nothing, not even record proof in case I wanted to tell the police. If someone asked me if that was abusive I'd say yes, when I think about it with hindsight and without the really dumb anxiety of "am I allowed to intervene?" And I realise now that I could have intervened without calling the police, so I probably wouldn't have to prove physical harm (which I know is not the only way but I don't know if cops respond to allegations of abuse of toddlers from strangers).**Anyway, my questions are:*** How do you identify abuse like that?* How can you address the abuser and the abused, especially when one is a toddler?* When and with what proof do you go to the cops?
I left an abusive (primarily verbal/emotional) relationship two years ago.  I've noticed I feel a lot of cognitive dissonance in my current relationship - it's going well, but I have these thoughts when or after I spend time with her like "Where's all the criticism? Why isn't she correcting every little thing I do and policing my mannerisms? Why doesn't she find it off-putting when I do things that she doesn't? She must be overly-idealistic and oblivious." I wish I could make it stop. 
Hey, I don't really know if this is the right place to ask, but the sub's for family of surviors are kinda dead. Sorry i'm in the wrong place. Crossposted on r/parenting as well.Little background, the kid in question is my sister's son, but I have full custody r/n. (after writing this i realize it may be pointless back story, so you can probably skip ahead to the bullet points)My sister's and I's living situation growing up wasn't the best, I left home when I graduated HS and ended up going overseas. Basically I didn't really see my sister for 10-ish years. I got married and we decided to invite my side of the family to the wedding and that leads to me decided to re-connect with them. We ended up living in the same state so I saw some of my nephew and sister and her then husband at family stuff, and things seemed a little off in the family (kid ridiculously well behaved for how the parents would act, really quiet, didn't seem to like playing with the other kids in the family) and my sister has always been less than what I would call responsible in choosing partners. Anyway, she'd been asking me to baby sit him more often and he ended up staying with us for 3 or 4 months at one point. Me and my partner were looking at trying to get custody, but I ended up going back over seas, and since my SO wasn't a blood relative there were issues and my sister and a different guy ended up taking him back.When I got back stateside we looked into getting custody again, and a whole legal mess happened. Luckily, because my nephew had tried to make a claim with his school counselor while oversease(which the counselor totally ignored, btw, but it was on file at least), we were able to start an investigation which turned up a whole mess of stuff-neglect (which we expected), physical and sexual abuse from both my sister and her boyfriend (which we did not) and I got kinship custody. There was some talk of prosecuting, but he went down for unrelated charges and the lawyers didn't feel like we had a strong enough case against just my sister. We do not have contact with her, though she has done some "stalking" off and on in the past years.Me and my partner have been trying really hard in the past few years to provide a safe and nurturing home. It was really tough at first, especially since I'm really closer to him in age as a brother than like a dad or something, and we'd never had kid's or planned on it so the difficulty was mostly on our end at first. He's really intelligent and always seems to have cognitive grasp on what happened to him and it being not ok, hell, he probably understand the legal side of the custody agreement better than I do at this point. He was willing and able to talk about the abuse in therapy. He's in honor classes at school and has had no behavioral issues there. We didn't really have any behavioral issues when he moved in permanently, which really worried us because everything we read said that would probably happen, but we though maybe because he had lived with us previously the move would be easy or something.Anyway, the issue is in the past few month he's been having a lot more trouble "behavior" wise at home, and ever time he does some thing "wrong", he tries to fix the situation by attempting to initiate sexual contact with me, and acting sexually inappropriate in general. For instance, if he forgets to do a chore, he'll try to blow me to make up for it. Occasionally he has gotten very adamant about it, to the point of trying to force the issue physically. We've talked about how this is inappropriate, he cognitively knows that this isn't healthy and is a result of his abuse, but that hasn't had any effect on his behavior. So, -his abuse was a lot more extensive than I previously thought -he never broke any of the rules we laid down when he first moved in, so there is no standing method of discipline -I'm really hesitant to use any kind of discipline here because of the situation and what happened to him, I just don't know what would be affective here -I know he's doing this out of confusion -I know he's also trying to reach out for affection and this is just what he knows to do -he's in therapy individually and we also go together. He talks about this situation clinically when we're there, totally without emotion -nothing like this is showing up with people his age or younger(thank whatever deity there is), just adults that are close to him in an authority position, it doesn't seem to matter what genderI just really don't know how to handle the situation. I realize part of it is him pushing boundaries, seeing if I'm actually just waiting for enough misbehavior or "invitations" on his part to abuse him,and that if he acts out enough or come on to me strongly enough, then I'll abuse him and everything will go "back to normal", or I'll be to disgusted by him that I'll shut him off from affection completely(paraphrasing something he said) and he'll understand the situation again. But he also seems just genuinely really confused about how affection, especially physically affection works.How do I deal with episodes of this while still being there for him and not being stand offish? How do I make him know he's loved, but still try to correct the behavior that caused him to freak out and start being sexually inappropriate in the first place? Also on a personal note, how do deal with this a person(other than obviously not being evil. duh, or course I'm not gonna hurt the kid)like to be real its kinda freaky and totally overwhelming that this is been happening for the last few months. Help?
I was triggered by a scene in a movie yesterday and ended up caught in a massive flashback last night.  Today, my body hurts in the places that were damaged during the actual abuse instance.  I am not currently injured, but I'm aching just like I did back then.  Anyone else deal with this?  My therapist calls it muscle memory-- the body remembering the abuse.  It's dragging me back into the past way more than I need to be right now.
**WARNING - Wall of Text**I've been lurking here every now and then reading your stories, never commenting or posting myself but I feel I want to let my story be heard. Please refrain from comments such as telling my parents/police etc. as I don't want to and *will not do it*. I just want to share this with you and converse over the matter and hear your two cents on it. So, this is my story. I have never said anything to anyone about this because I know my abuser would be cut off/killed/life turned to shit if anyone ever knew, but I'd like to get this out of my head. Thank you in advance for reading, this is mostly just flow of thought so I apologize in advance if this text is all over the place or incoherent or whatever...Anyhow, I don't really even know when or how the abuse started or how often it even happened. I don't really remember much from my childhood since I was also bullied throughout school (from grade 0 to high school). I remember glimpses here and there but not very consistently.Maybe when I was around 5y/o it started with my brother telling me that it's "normal" for people to have sex (he would never say that word though, just calling it "that" or "this") and so I would just believe him. I was only five! It took me a long time before I figured something was off and I would start crying, telling him I don't want to do anything. He would then become violent, though, he never left any distinct marks on me so no one would notice anything. He may have pulled my hair to shut me up or hurt me otherwise. I really don't remember much from these times. I recall one incident when I was probably 10 or 12 when he forced me into my parents' storage room. I was crying and he tried to make me strip for him. I managed to escape and ran off crying to my room. I think that was the only time my parents saw anything, they came into my room and asked what was wrong but I couldn't tell them. I just cried something about my brother being mean to me so my parents told him to "be nicer to your little sister." These kinds of incidents happened throughout my childhood so it's hard to put the pieces together as so much time has passed. And it's hard to put them into words, too. Thinking about it now I became quite depressed and suicidal in my teens. The sexual abuse pretty much stopped altogether after I started getting my period regularly. I wasn't "good enough" for him anymore. This made me feel like shit, like I was abandoned somehow. These kinds of thoughts made me feel guilty ("Why am I sad? Why can't I be happy he's not hurting me anymore?") and it deepened my depression. All I could ever think of was all of it would go away if I just died. The only thing stopping me was my parents, I couldn't do that to them.I can't really at this point remember or tell any more but it has left me wondering how much the abuse affected me, personality-wise and other. I'm turning 23 in a few months so I've been thinking about these things for a long time. One thing that comes to mind here is, when I was younger I hated being girly. My parents have told me when they wanted me to wear a skirt or a dress as a kid I would completely flip out and start crying. They said I would refuse to wear girly clothes like that and would demand trousers or shorts. This  has continued pretty much into my adulthood, only with my current boyfriend I have started to feel like I am able to wear a skirt or a dress without feeling like it's a bad thing.I don't want anyone to get me wrong, I'm not transgender, but I hated being a female for the longest time. I wished I had been born a boy because all the abuse that happened, maybe it wouldn't have happened if I was a boy. So I wore boys' clothes, always had a boyish hair cut and so on. Even for my prom I danced as a boy-partner for a friend of mine. I insisted my parents that I'd wear a tux, with a black tie and all that. They didn't allow me to do this, so for the dance (I'm still a bit bitter for this) I HAD to wear a dress... But as soon as it was over I changed into a tux for the night out. One of my friends actually told me if I came across her at a dark alley she wouldn't be able to tell that I was a girl - and it made me happier than anything. *But* this is what I want to stress, I don't want to be a guy. I just didn't want to have feminine attributes or associate those things to myself.The other thing I've wondered is my sexual behaviour in my early adulthood. I was very promiscuous and I can't even count how many guys I've had sex with since I turned 18. Binge drinking, even having sex at the back of a club... I couldn't be more thankful to my current boyfriend as he has made me realise how I was playing with fire doing all that crazy shit. I don't drink or party anymore. For the first time in my life I also feel like I can be feminine and I don't have to be afraid of something bad happening to me.I might edit this text later since it might be a bit hard to read or understand... Thank you if you were able to read this far. I would love to hear if this text brought up any thoughts or questions. P.S. *I am not suicidal anymore and I have gone to therapy considering my eating disorder. I haven't been able to tell about my brother in therapy yet but I'm getting there.*
I dated my ex for a year and two months exactly. One entire year of that was the most miserable time of my life. It was a high school relationship and extremely visible to those around me, but most people told me they never knew the right words to say. That was partly my fault; I told people to keep quiet pretty often so he wouldn't yell at me more. I'm still trying to figure out where to go from here.The course of twelve months can be easily summed up into a few key things. First, his parents began to hate me. Recently divorced, they would see-saw back and forth on liking and hating me to win his affection. I got kicked out and yelled at on multiple occasions by both his mother and father. At a later stage in out relationship, he essentially told me his father might try to kill me. He supplied me with a knife for self defense against him, even. He then talked me in to giving his dad a second and third chance after this, getting angry at me for not wanting to. I told him many times how the stress would be too much if I stayed around and that we might try again later. He always told me that it wasn't his fault his parents were how they were and that I would be abandoning him for something he couldn't control. I was stuck. We spent way too much time together. It was a constant battle to find something to do or talk about. He would yell and yell and yell about how he always was the one to think of things and I never did anything. He began to make me doubt my memory by insisting he was correct all the time and that I had done things I didn't remember doing and vice versa. He flat out called me crazy quite a few times. Every time I would cry in public, he would insist I stop making a scene so I don't make him look bad. I had the courage to confront him about what I thought might be abuse once and he begged my forgiveness for it and then came back to say he never thought he was abusing me and never said anything to suggest it. He called me an emotional manipulator. During a panic attack he sat and watched me cry for an hour and a half until I threatened suicide (I understand now this was a terrible thing to do). Instead of telling someone close, he called the cops on me when I went home. He sent me a text message saying, "Now you see how much I care." Now that my family was involved they wanted me out. He tried his hardest to convince me they were abusing me.Even after we broke up it didn't stop. He hacked into several of my accounts for things and would yell at me about all the "lies" I was spreading about him. Still, I felt pressured to remain his friend and he used me. He used me for sexual favors. I thought he got me pregnant once. He told me that if I was he wouldn't be there for me because he would probably just kill himself. Once I got high in his presence and he groped me and wouldn't stop touching me even when I tried to push him away. I fear he would have done worse if he hadn't gotten a phone call from his father that moment. Not a week later he refused to speak to me again. Without his presence constantly looming over me I feel like I should be moving on, but my mind is still shut down. I have very little motivation and the person who I was before all this feels lost to me forever. So where do I go from here? What actually happened- can I even trust my account of things? Am I overreacting? And most importantly, what do I do when I have to see him next year?
A little over two years ago, I ended the most abusive relationship I've ever been in. I'd had abusive friendships and been harassed before that, but this was a live-in romantic partner.The abuse was almost exclusively emotional/verbal, except for a few occasions (one of which involved a gun pointed at my head.) Mostly he just put down everything I said or did when it didn't have to do with him/his needs, cast doubt on my ambitions, contradicted everything I said, and, most importantly, would refuse to back down when I told him I was uncomfortable because he considered himself a paragon of objectivity and felt I needed to "face reality." He and his friends and family collectively blamed me for all of his issues, including his drug habit, which was long standing before I even met him; I'm autistic and  have anxiety and they said things like "figures he needs the drugs to deal with a r*tard like her." He would trigger my sensory overload on purpose or refuse to allow me space when I was having it to try and "improve" me, or he'd get angry at me for leaving/mitigating overwhelming situations (like if I needed to step outside at a party, for instance, or if I asked his mother not to touch me) because it "embarrassed" him - he'd complain that all his friends/family thought I was "crazy." Nowadays I am plagued with intrusive memories (this didn't start until 6 months after I broke it off and moved back in with my mother.) And I've noticed this tendency to ignore the positive and supportive individuals who are now in my life and like me a lot and instead, I obsess about winning validation from those who don't seem to approve of me as much. It's like I'm addicted to being treated unkindly. I feel like if someone has good things to say about me, they must be out of their minds, and if they have bad things to say, they must have some kind of shining insight that has eluded me. I feel like unkindness is what I "need", I need to be put through the wringer in order to be good.
I was with a guy for three years. he had moved here and only planned to stay for one year, but when he fell for me, he decided to stay. his mom and siblings had to move and he was left alone. since he had just moved here, I was the only person he knew. he had no family, no money, only me. I loved him... but I never paid attention to the signs. he started making me stay away from my friends, my family, he started talking down to me. he wouldn't let me leave his house but he would sit on his computer and talk shit about me for hours over Skype to his friends. he would insult me constantly. he wouldn't let me leave the house to work out and he would only let me eat junk food. then, I gained weight and he started to give me shit for being fat. he would do a lot of weird stuff like talk shit about somebody for something normal (like smoking weed,) completely putting everything they did down because they would smoke weed, or because they were ugly. every person wasn't as good as him. they were all below him.. but if i were to agree with him, he would taunt me and tell me i was stupid and mean and bitchy for talking shit about people. i was just trying to make conversation with the only person i was allowed to talk to.he would make me drive him everywhere and he would make me wait in the car for him, in heat that sometimes reached 100 F for hours. he never paid me for gas. I dropped out of college and left my job because he wouldn't let me leave the house enough. I got social anxiety. my life was delayed for three years because of him. he started raping me. he started hurting me. every night. I stayed with him because I was scared that if I left, he would have nobody. he would be completely alone and I just couldn't leave him alone. I kept remembering the guy I had met and not the guy I was with then. I finally left him. he stalked me for two months and called me every night crying and threatening to kill himself. he parked outside of my house for hours. he would stand in my doorway and not let me leave. he would follow me around at work (I delivered pizza) and get flowers delivered to me at work. he would make me let him into the house by threatening to kill himself and then rape me and refuse to leave. but he's gone now. he didn't really need me. i thought that i wasn't too affected by it emotionally. that i was a stronger person because i made it through without much damage... but the damage is showing now more than ever. i just want to be normal. i don't want to be a party girl, but i want to be able to shop at wal mart without hiding every time another person is at the same aisle as me. i'd like to be able to shop at any other grocery store, but the only time i can grocery shop is 3 am because of my anxiety. i don't want to be crippled by fear every time i try to interview for a job or sign up for school. i don't want to be afraid of men anymore. i want to be able to open my heart and to love and to not have such a warped perspective on things anymore. i don't want to feel numb any time someone is yelling at me anymore. i don't want to actively have to think "this is when you smile," "this is when you cry," "stop laughing, this is a serious thing."help me please.
I was abused.  I actually don't have issues telling people that fact. Just the details.   I have a weird way of remembering it.   I don't remember individual things. I do sometimes but then it kind of...triggers my PTSD.  I made a list of what happened in order to remember. So I don't remember it actually happened, I just know what happened, mostly. The list is incomplete.  My family is weird, I was raised by my adoptive "mother" and my aunt. My "mother" was...asleep. 18 hours a day, 7 days a week she slept. She was scared, and she never helped me, she wasn't a parent to me. Just some woman who made me feel guilty for hating her. She always made sure I knew how much she sacrificed for me and how grateful I should be to have her.My aunt was the evil one.  The rules of my house were:  Do not piss her off.   Do not leave anything you love out in the open.  If there's food put in front of you, you eat it, and you eat it in the time allotted or you don't eat for the rest of the day and if you want to eat the next day you have to finish what you didn't the day before.  My aunt threw plates at me.  She would come in the bathroom and throw me against the walls.  She would beat me with a belt on the front instead of the back.  She would break things I liked.  She would keep me from eatting.  She would break wooden spoons (the big ones you use for cooking) over me and blame me.  She bent a metal spoon (the big one you use for cooking) beating me once, then she blamed me because the spoon was no good.  She would fray belts beating me with them.  She made me take ice cold showers, and burning hot showers.  She used to push me and trip me and laugh at me.  She told me I was worthless and that I couldn't be anything.  She told me no one would ever love me.  She told me I was shit.  She told me I was stupid.  If I didn't do my chores she wouldn't feed me.  She grounded me for a year and a half (I wasn't allowed to see friends, or family) because someone called CPS. She told me its because they didn't love me and didn't want to see me anymore. My time at my family's was the one time I felt safe, and she took that from me. She stole my safety.   **SHE TOOK MY SAFETY.**She made me scared when people touch my shoulders.  She made me scared of the bathroom.  *She made me doubt people who love me.*  She made me doubt myself.  I've struggled with suicide. I attempted suicide 5 times.  Once when I was 7 when it first started, I attempted to overdose.   When I was 8 I tried to jump out of a car.  When I was 10 I tried to get lost in the woods.  When I was 11 I tried to jump off my balcony.  When I was 14 I tried to cut my arteries open.  That's all I remember.  I've never told anyone this in such detail.  I have PTSD from it.  I doubt my intelligence everyday. I have a wife and a real (another adoptive) mother who loves me. I have grandmothers who spoil me and love me more then I believed was ever possible. But I still worry that I'm not good enough in their eyes, I worry about it every single day. I worry that they love me because they have to. Or that it's all some inside joke. I think the same thing about my friends.I struggle in college because I don't believe in myself, I think I'm not good enough, and I believe I don't deserve it. I worry about my job security everyday because I feel like I'm not good enough at it.The one good thing about all of this is it made me the man I am today. I step between parents who go too far with their children and dare them to hit someone who will hit back. I try my hardest at every single thing I do, even though I don't think it's good enough, and people see that. I give my wife the one thing that was denied to me, safety. I see worth in every human.Those things are good I suppose, but it literally feels like the void inside me sucks them up and makes them meaningless.I'm scared of having children. I can't handle them and I can not be like her.Everyday it hurts so much to deal with this, to hear her words in my head.Everything I do, everyday I can hear her in my head telling me it means nothing and that I'm shit.She took my life away before it even started flourishing. And I don't know how to take it back.It's hard living with this. I struggle everyday to make it through.   *I never feel safe.***I don't know how to live.**
As stated in my previous post, I'm a 39 yo male survivor of physical, sexual, and emotional abuse.  The abuse was perpetrated by my step-brother, step-father, and because of her complacency, my mother.  I went through some pretty rough (but effective) therapy in my mid twenties and had a good long run of feeling normal and effective in everyday life.  Because of various life events, i.e. triggers, I've been made to start this journey again.  It's funny, you go along thinking everything's okay and you've put your past behind you, then all of a sudden it slaps you in the face and your realize that EVERYTHING your doing is tinted with the former abuse.  At my therapists request, I have been trying to think of ways to nurture myself, ways to connect to that injured child inside of me.  This brought me to memories of the abuse by my step brother.  From the ages of 7 to 10 (ish) my step brother would sexually abuse me at any time it was possible to do so.  He'd make me perform oral on him at first, but soon this moved to anal which was very physically traumatic.  He'd tell me "take off your pants" (a phrase that still fills me with dread).  If I didn't he'd start hitting me until i complied.  As I said before, this happened every chance it could.  I was raped by my step brother at the very least every week for years, most times the frequency was more.  It was rough, it hurt, and I was completely fucking powerless.  Yesterday I cried for that poor kid.  To tell the truth I cried and cried.  How fucked is it to take that choice from someone so young?  How awful was it that I had to survive living in a world where I had no choice.  My biggest worry should have been which LEGO set to buy, or what new Master's of the Universe figure I wanted next, and instead I was forced into this game of cat and mouse trying to avoid my step-brother while putting on a show of normalcy for the rest of the world.  I tell you what though, that kid survived it.  He may have scars from it, he may have to deal with this shit for the rest of his life, but he was a tough little kid, and I love him for it.  The pain I'm in right now trying to make sense of all this shit that happened, I'm doing it for him just as much as I'm doing it for me.  To make sure he didn't go through all of that in vain.  I'm gonna make sure of it.    
I am a 39 yo survivor of severe sexual and physical abuse by my step-brother and step-father (at different times of my life).  Although I have been through much therapy in the past and am for the most part well-adjusted, I still have major problems being vulnerable around my partner and others.  To become a better man I have entered therapy to help deal with these issues of vulnerability and the lovely ever-present shame that we all know about.  My therapist has suggested EMDR therapy.  In EMDR therapy you need to create a safe place, a paternal protector, and a maternal nurturer in your head.  So I guess my question to other survivors is, how do you create this place and these figures if you've never experienced them?  For that matter, how do you go about feeling vulnerable and safe if you've never experienced that before?  My abuse started when I was 7.  My memories of life before the abuse are foggy at best, and really don't contain what I'm looking for.  So I'm feeling a little lost.  I'd like to hear about any experiences with EMDR and the other issues I've written about.  Thank you for taking the time to read this, and stay strong my fellow survivors.  
Just a warning for those that frequent here -- /r/sexualabusesurvivors is moderated by two individuals who have a history of victim-blaming and harassing our readers on this subreddit. Both individuals have been banned for rule violations here. It is up to you if you want to utilize that subreddit but just be warned that our experiences with them have not been positive or supportive.Thank you to /u/raisedaslave for bringing this to my attention.
I found this interesting video on psychosocial development and I thought you all aught to see it too.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIoKwUcmivkFor me it explains so much of what I have to deal with. While the scars have scabbed over, sometimes it seems like Im running a race with one leg. I lost something I never received in the first place, the sense of normalcy I see in other people, that completeness, so foreign to me like explaining colors to the blind. It all fits. This is how I developed, a house built on crooked foundations, and its all set in stone.I hope Ive provided answers for you as this resource has for me. I've always wondered what the broken pieces were and now here it all is.
To increase our involvement and response times, we are looking for active and dedicated members of our community to become moderators. Feel free to message the mods (write a message with /r/survivorsofabuse as the recipient) with your interest and why you feel you'd be a good candidate for moderating here. Don't worry, it doesn't have to a long statement. :)Questions? Ask them here.
He's out.He's back.He is across the street from my home. The police say he is a free man. I am frightened. He said he would fix me for testifying. He is back.  He watches me. I can't leave my house without him coming out front and staring. My lawyer died. I do not know what to do. If I had a lawyer could they help?  The sheriff says he is a free man and until he commits another crime he is free to do what he wants.The courts turned him loose way early.  I am scared. I have a gun. He is back.  And the police say he is a free man, or I can move.   This is wrong.  He should be in jail.   I know I made some stories up about him that helped convict him but he was to be locked up forever. Now he is back.  He has a chair and sits on his front porch directly across the street watching.  Now what.Do I need a lawyer?  A gun?
Not even using a throwaway, because fuck it. No one gives two shits anyway.So in my town there is a rape crisis center that offers free counseling to abuse survivors. But if you're not in immediate crisis - i.e. your abuse isn't currently taking place or you haven't just been raped - you have to go through this kind of weird intake procedure where you have to sit through a couple of powerpoint presentations. So I went and I was the only person in the room (except for the presenter) which was strange and uncomfortable, and we start to go through the presentation. Then a woman comes in a couple of minutes late, and we start over. Now I feel VERY uncomfortable, because I understand the last thing most female abuse survivors really want to see is a *man* in the same room as them. And sure enough, after about two minutes the woman gets up and leaves, saying that it wasn't what she expected and that she can't handle this right now. So that was pretty devastating. So not only am I feeling uncomfortable and vulnerable, but now I have actively prevented someone else from getting help just by my mere presence. It was pretty much a nightmare scenario.Just fuck all of it. Yes, and I stayed until the end because I am a selfish, heartless bastard, as more than one person has already remarked upon. We'll see what happens now, but I don't have a lot of hope based on how this whole thing started out.EDIT: Thanks everyone for defending me against the "professional asshole," who in actuality was just an amateur troll.
My husband is sometimes not so nice to our child and I (I'm convinced he has some kind of mental illness, not to play armchair psychologist...but I wouldn't be surprised if he has bipolar or BPD). To ME, it's him being an asshole. It's hard for me to view it as abuse because I have a good friend who was in a severely emotionally, verbally and physically abusive relationships that was so bad that their ex is now in prison. IMO, what they've been through is abuse, what I go through is just a guy who is mean. Anyways, I want some outside perspective. You guys know how I see it, obviously my friends and family will take my side in this and say its wrong (well...I know it is. He knows and admits that it is. The question is whether or not it's abusive behavior). Probably 80% of the time he's fine. He gets easily upset though and goes from zero to 60 in a second. He'll tell us (our child and I) to shut the fuck up if we talk or laugh while he's trying to do something or watching tv. He's thrown and broken stuff before. He does this passive aggressive thing where he'll grab stuff of mine and our child's, put it in a pile in the middle of the house and say we have XX minutes to find a better place for it or he'll throw it out. He kind of bullies me into doing stuff for him...he'll ask me to rub him or make him food and if I don't, he throws a tantrum, says "don't bother coming to bed then". I'm a SAHM, and when I mention wanting or needing something, he'll say "well, where are **you** going to get the money for that?".When I tell him that him swearing and yelling at us isn't okay, he says I can GTFO if it's such a big deal.So, what do you guys think? Like I said...I can't see it as abuse because the abusive I have seen with people close to me is SO much worse than that. 
I'm posting a link to it on my tumblr because I don't feel like typing it out all over again. http://jamesbluejayharris.tumblr.com/post/89661207206/my-parents-abused-me-heavily-the-reason-why-i-am
When I read the stories of what other people here had to live through, I always end up feeling like my abuse "wasn't so bad." After all, I was never raped, just groped for a few minutes when I was 12, and it only happened once. In fact I went through most of my life feeling like it was no big deal, but I never told anyone ever. Until the memory of it forced me to turn down a job offer.I was about to start a job teaching robotics to kids. As part of training, I was given videos about child abuse to watch describing the affects of abuse. There were also testimonials from abuse survivors. As the survivors talked about their shame, and inability to form romantic relationships, and obsessive numbing behaviors, it was like something inside me was collapsing, and suddenly those few minutes at boy scout camp came flooding back as vivid as you can imagine, and I just started crying the hardest I'd cried since losing my mother. And I kept crying until I fell asleep and I continued crying when I woke up. And I still cry whenever I have to describe it to someone without using euphemisms. I've struggled with shame and distrust for years, and I don't know if it's connected or not but it seems like it might be. I've been largely unable to form romantic relationships and I've definitely never become intimate with someone. But there's always this nagging feeling like, "it shouldn't be that big a deal, it must just be something else that's wrong with me, can't possibly be because of this one little thing that happened such a long time ago." 
I need some feedback, and I'm desperately wanting it to be the feedback I'm hoping for. A little background: I have been with my husband for 4 years.  He is a survivor of childhood sexual abuse.  The man that abused him did so from the age of 3 - 10.  My husband struggles with his past and has had many negative consequences due to what was done to him.  He was (is?) addicted to porn.  He claims that he hasn't looked at any since last november, but I'm not sure if this is the truth or if he has gotten better at hiding it.  In the past I have caught him on dating sites, cam show sites, and bestiality sites.  In what was probably one of the most traumatizing event of my life, two years ago I found two child porn videos on his computer.  To make matters even more revolting, one of the videos was of an infant.  I confronted him about this and asked if he was aroused when watching.  He looked at me, defeated, and said 'no, I'm just trying to understand how someone can do that to a kid.'  I really want to believe him. I've been supporting him throughout our marriage with his issues, but we just had our first child two months ago.  Due to his job in the military, he hasn't been home since she was born.  However, he will be coming home for good in September.  I can't help but be constantly paranoid that he might abuse her.  I don't want to put my daughter at risk and I've been doing a lot of soul searching to determine what I should do.  My husband is a good man and I love him very much, but what if he turns out to be a child molester?  How would I ever forgive myself?  On the other hand, what if what he was saying about why he watched the videos was true?  I would be abandoning a man who has trusted me enough to open up about the most shameful experiences of his life.  I guess my question is: For other CSA survivors, have any of you watched children getting abused not because it aroused you, but because you were looking for answers?

Ive never written about this subject before. things have never been this bad before and im trying something new. I was 6 or 7. my cousin forced me under the bed and took my pants off and molested me. he was much older than me. He ended up being abused by our uncle who also molested me. we believe he was abused by his mother, my grandmother. she knew what was going on the whole time. she saw me being abused and my cousin being abused and did nothing. my cousin ended up being an ass hole gang banger, big surprise, but for years we never saw them. I told my family about some of the abuse that went on and we never saw any of them again. my parents tried to get the police involved but all I know is I never had the satisfaction of seeing them go to jail. I grew up knowing that I didn't feel like other kids did so I pretended. I pretended everything was fine. I had years where I even blacked out memories of it until I would have a flash back and all of it would resurface again. I had problems with nightmares my whole life but kept it mostly to myself. I watched our family get ripped apart when I told them what had happened and I just didn't want to bring it up anymore with them. I just wanted to pretend everything was ok still. things got a little worse. I started having nightmares that the family that had sex with me would come find me and do terrible things to me. I was told when I was little to keep it a secret always and the cat was out of the bag so I had a lot of anxiety problems depression drugs. I moved away and took time to work on myself and things got significantly better. eventually I tried having a normal sex life. there are still a lot of issues around that. some of the happiest years of my life go by and I find myself back in my home town where it all started. i find myself not wanting to leave the house. not wanting to go out and be social. i have a smile on to hid the fear i feel of running into them. 2 years go by and i haven't had any problems running into any of THEM but i also don't go out much. I used to but not anymore. i feel myself slipping away from the person i was. one day at this job i have, HE waks in. he doesn't even recognize me. Im not a little girl anymore. He locks eyes with me, looks me up and down and smiles and sits down. I felt like my body was on fire, i could have passed out. I couldnt be there anymore, regaurdless of it being my job to be there, i had to get out. i put down my things, try not to cry until i get out of the building. I grab my stuff, i think someone i work with was trying to talk to me but i could barely focus on getting my legs to move one after the other. i turn my head to the opposite direction when i walk by him and i book it to the car. i become really depressed. i stop having sex with my bf, i end up in this downward spiral, i don't tell anyone whats going on with me but things eventually got a little better. I have a huge fear of being in public, having a job that deals with the public, working in general now unless its very private. my nights are filled with dreams of THEM. I sleep very little, i eat very little. a few months after i saw him ive started having flashbacks. They happen when they happen. in the car when ive been a passenger, in the shower, at the movies. something happens where for whatever reason it just comes rushing back and plays out a few seconds sometimes a few min. of something that happened before. a lot of the times they are bits and pieces of moments that i forgot about until i they flashed back. i haven't told any one person a full picture of what ive got to deal with. i tell people as mucha s i think they can handle and then i stop. i have a wonderful partner but ive never told him exactly whats going on with me. i recently told him i was worried about myself and was ready to get some help. i don't feel like opening up to him about it. i dont know why i cant explain it. im taking an axiety medicine that helps and ive started an anti depressant. i feel crippled on my couch. maybe writing all this down and venting will help. 
So, I'm 23, and I've never really dated because, well, I have issues, most of which have to do with being ashamed of all my sexual impulses, and having trust issues. When this girl and I started to talk, I made her aware of what I was dealing with pretty early on, and I was very hopeful because she didn't seem to mind. She was comfortable taking things as slowly as I wanted to. We talked all the time, I began to know the joys of flirting, it was great. But it wasn't long before I wasn't able to stave off my trust issues any longer, and soon all of her nice compliments started to feel like manipulative lies (even though I knew they weren't)I decided it was too painful for me to keep talking to her, and not fair to her either. At first she seemed to take the breakup remarkably well, she thanked me for letting her know what was going on, and said she'd be around if I changed my mind. But two days later, she asked me if I was breaking up with her because she is a transwoman. I was very very hurt by the question. Although I realized later it's perfectly understandable for a trans person to wonder if that's a factor, at the time, to have her suggest that I had lied about the affects of my abuse, or had simply used it as an excuse, it stung very badly. Once I reassured her that we were ending things because of my stated motive and nothing else, she dropped this little nugget of joy on me:> "But if you keep being too afraid to let someone get close to you, you are going to be alone forever."Hey, wow! What a coincidence, that's my biggest fear! And it's frustrating because the part of my brain that can't trust unconditional kindness just feels validated like, *see? she was just insensitive all along. She didn't care about your feelings.*> "I can see us going far... but you have to overcome whatever you are afraid of..."Do I? DO I???? But I was just planning on having no romantic or sexual interactions for the rest of my life, that sounded like fun to me. So, just admitting to myself that I wasn't ready to date is one of the hardest things I've had to do in ages. The few days leading up to it and the few days afterward, I felt like a failure, I felt broken, I felt hopeless, and I was just picking myself up again when this shit happens. 
Um, so this is long, and also an alt. I've been doing a lot of reflecting lately since I've been surfing these subreddits, and I wrote this a week ago. It's condensed. I don't know what my point is posting this. I need help. Tomorrow I'm calling a therapist who is on my insurance plan; she specializes in mood disorders. I guess that's what I need but I don't know. I just know I'm ruining the life of my family, and as I read through this again, I started crying...If this is stupid, just ignore it, but maybe if anyone has advice, please reply.The HistoryI am the oldest of three. My brother, the imitator. My sister, the loved. I've blocked out most of my childhood. I don't know how, but I know why. My dad has anger issues. He yelled at us. Advancing on a small child who cornered herself out of fear and yelling at the top of his voice. This wasn't just on occasion. It was all the time.I remember little bits. I remember the church counseling room they took me to so I could talk about my behavior issues. I remember him coming out of anger counseling with nothing to show for it. I remember him yelling at us so we learned to yell. I remember getting in fights with mom and him advancing on us telling us we need to respect and honor her because she was our mother...and turning around and yelling at her too. I remember praying to a god who I thought couldn't hear me to make them get a divorce. I remember telling them that's what I wanted.We all grew up ruined.My brother and sister are another story. I, friendless through school, the awkward, the skinny. All pictures of me, I do not smile (how could I smile?), my hair over my eyes, never styled, always straight (anything to keep attention off of me). Because I, the little girl cowering in the corner, covered in tears, grew up. I had one moment in the light, one I thought I could do. First clarinet, Ashokan Farewell, solo in front of everyone. But no, I received no encouragement, no recognition, nothing. It's not that I was trying to grab at attention. I thought maybe this time, just this once, they could encourage me. I don't even remember. All I remember is that was the day I got so scared by my performance I lost all confidence. That was the year that I started failing math which I loved. That was the year I started cutting myself. That was the Christmas where we got in our annual big fight, and I tried to kill myself. I was only in middle school, didn't know how much I had to bleed so of course I failed...but that started my hidden shame.And why? Because I was not allowed to express myself in my own family. Because my father would berate me for thinking above myself. Because my mother would tell me: “It's a man's world.” I struggled with self-injury from seventh grade until I turned 22 (27 now). I still wear long sleeves because the scars...don't go away. I almost don't see them anymore. I can't imagine my skin unmarred, normal.I don't know if I'm the victim. I don't know if I was abused. I don't remember. I just remember vividly my dad telling us he was “better.” That “Jesus cured” him. I left the church mentally in middle school. Checked out. Nothing added up. Except that my parents mirrored so much the war god they worshiped, the god who delighted in tormenting people in hell. How perfectly they mirrored that. I left it physically when I was 18, as soon as I could. [Side note: I don't mean to offend anyone with the religious comments. I've come to terms with religion and I've found something else for me that is similar but very different from their pretending.]So when I stopped cutting, something else happened. I no longer hid in the corner, I used my anger as my defense. I created a wall around me. Unapproachable, unstoppable. Daring anyone to reach me. I yelled at my family. I yelled at my friends. I yelled at people at the bus stops.There's a long story between where I was in that point in my life and now. I've come a long way. I tell myself.I no longer yell at people in public. I don't know how I thought that was acceptable. I'm ashamed. From my childhood of being unable to express myself in the tiniest bit, I have communication problems. I just *don't know* how to talk to people. And now, I have a family. I love them. They are my everything. We've been married for 3 years. Our son is 2 now. My life has never been better.Except. I am my dad. I told myself, *told myself*, to never do that to anyone. Anger is not a legitimate defense. I was there. I know how it felt to be on the receiving end. I know how damaging it is. But now I find I have become him. And I'm treating the people who are most dear to me, the worst I've ever treated anyone.I swing between deep depression to explosive anger, and when I'm not feeling either of those things, I am just numb. I think I'm happy, but then I don't think I really know what it's like to be happy. I don't want to be my dad. I detest my dad. He means nothing to me. I don't want anything to do with him, not even by comparison.So I don't know what to do. I've accomplished nothing in my life, except become the worst person I could ever be. And the thing is, I've known this for years. I've tried. I've tried everything, one tactic after another after another. And now it's come to a head. I'm creating my parents' family all over again. [I'm not alone in this. My husband was raised by narcissists, and I guess they call it FLEAS. He has issues, too, but he seems to be making progress on his.] I love my husband and my son. They are *the world* to me. This little innocent boy. The one who makes me smile and hopeful and so full of...just feeling the *future* ahead of him, of the wonderful things he's going to fill it with. The things he's going to learn. The passions he will have. Will he be an artist? A scientist? Will he love me? I don't want to screw things up, but part of me says it's too late. Part of me doesn't know what to do. I know what I want to do, but not how to do it. Part of me goes to bed every night wishing they belonged to someone else so they both can be loved. Because they deserve so much more than me.
Went through alot of shit growing up and last was diagnosed with depression, anxiety and panic attacks. Things have gotten better lately but I just started therapy with a new therapist. He put me at ease and it seem like the flood gates opened a little and I spilled some of my past abuse out to him. I felt good when I first left his office but by the time I got to my car I felt worthless and that black cloud of deep depression overwhelmed me. I don't why I felt that way so suddenly.I didn't feel anxiety so much as just deeply depressed. Went home and self medicated myself, ate dinner and took a nap. I feel fine now but damn, what a day...
I do not have an account on reddit and use throw aways for my limited posts.Last night a very close friend of mine began to open up to her husband and I about the abuse she experienced growing up with an alcoholic father.  The first time I met Jane's father Frank, I suspected. He is the Hollywood stereotype of an abusive alcoholic. Quick to anger, defensive, unable to empathize or see things from someone elses point of view, controlling, etc. Jane is shy, avoids confrontation at all costs, and has low self esteem. This is all  despite being insightful, beautiful, maintaining a healthy and stable romantic relationship, and excelling in her career. At a young age Jane began to mother Frank. He is incapable of taking care of himself. As she got older, she started a career in a therapeutic medical field. This only increased Frank's reliance on Jane  and fueled her feelings of responsibility for his wellbeing. He is medically unwell and there is a grim history of suicide within the men of his family. Despite knowing that she should have never had to care for her father and her anger at his inability to assist her in the slightest with his treatment, Jane cannot help but worry about Frank's health and do what she can to assist him with his conditions. She is terrified that his time is short and I do not think she is wrong.Jane and Bob knew each other growing up, have been in a relationship for 10 years, and are coming up on their first wedding anniversary. John always had knowledge of what was going on and Jane has spoken with him some about it. However, she would always stop short of where she did last night however. John is a sensitive and compassionate person but, during our conversation last night he seemed to say some things that gave Jane enough support so she could shut down. This is not intentional, he wants her to open up and feel safe doing so. I have a feeling this is a dynamic that goes back to when they were too young to understand what was happening to Jane and dealt with it how they could.Though I was not abused as a child, I have gone experienced considerable trauma in my life. I try to use what I'm learning during my healing journey to empathize with those who are troubled. My goals last night were to be as non-judgemental and supportive as I could. Bob and I were able plant the seeds within Jane that she is not the cause of the abuse she experienced, she did not deserve to go through what she did, she is not a freak, we will be there to support her, and she is strong enough to continue down the path towards healing.My schooling and limited experience counseling have given me just enough knowledge to be dangerous should I attempt to play the therapist. I don't want to be Jane's therapist. I don't want John to try to do that. Could you all direct me to some resources so that I can be the most understanding, supportive friend I can be and so that John can be the same as her husband?Thank you.
I have a significant exaggerated startle response, but it looks like a moro reflex (present in infancy until about 4 months, the classic baby-throws-its-arms-back-in-surprise startle) more than an adult startle response/reflex.  It's particularly strong to auditory stimuli, but can also be triggered by sudden visual and sensory stimuli; I've learned to control it somewhat over many years but not entirely (sometimes it's still a full on throw the arms up over my head, eyes dilate, fingers extended... sometimes I make unintelligible noises or say "no" when it's really bad).  I've have a sexual trauma history from early childhood, possibly beginning in infancy, but the timeline is really unclear. I have worked with and known many, many survivors of abuse and trauma with startle responses and never seen one like mine. Does anyone else have - or has anyone seen - a startle response like this?   (I have been evaluated and ruled out for other neurological conditions, just the confirmed PTSD diagnosis).
Starting at 4, my brother sexually abused and raped me for more than ten years. After that I buried it down for a couple years until at 18 I had a breakdown and got into self harm and suicide attempts. In college things got better, and worse. I was raped and had an abusive relationship (different guys.) I also got into the feminist group on campus, and eventually became an advocate for survivors and met some really amazing people. I was able to forgive myself, and eventually him. But about a year ago though, he used the fact that he abused me as a weapon in a fight. (His new wife asked me if I enjoyed it, implied that I must have liked it, and some other pretty heinous things.) So, we don't talk anymore. 90% of the time I'm fine. I can talk about it fairly openly, and recognize that it wasn't my fault. But some days (like tonight) I just feel awful and disgusting. Why didn't I stop it? Did I actually like it? Worst of all "why did he pick me, and not my sister?" I feel awful for thinking that.I wonder what my life would have been like without that. If I would be smarter, more driven, sexier, all around better. I know these are worthless thoughts, but sometimes I can't help them. And I just get so angry that I might have had some potential taken from me. I guess I'm just sort of ranting. I know the logical answers to my concerns, but emotionally I feel awful. I woke up from nightmares/flashbacks and can't get it out of my head. I'm sure I'll be fine tomorrow, but I really just needed to get it out. So, thanks for listening guys. 
I grew up in an emotionally and physically abusive household. My father was controlling, emotionally manipulative and physically abusive while my mother enabled this behavior. It was a very difficult, life-threatening environment. I do not speak to my father anymore and I have removed myself from that environment by taking the step to end my relationship with him.I had a difficult time coming to terms with the implications of the abuse when I moved out of his home during college. Most of my undergraduate years I spent depressed and engaging in self-harm behaviors.It took awhile but I realized just how NOT-NORMAL and destructive this behavior was and I was able to make the safest and healthiest choice for me to end my relationship with him. We haven't spoken in two years.After I overcame the persistent sadness, I was fine--happy or content even. But nowadays I find myself with holding uncomfortable rage that leads to behaviors just like what my father exhibited. I'm mad like 80-90% of the day and I'm becoming quick to fits anger (yelling/breaking things/mild physical violence), emotionally manipulative and MEAN, where people have to walk on eggshells around me --just terrible human being status. I feel like I am reenacting what has been done to me. And because my mom and I live together I feel like I'm forcing her to live with my father again. Instead of hurting myself I imagine physically hurting others (badly) and Its so fucking scary and I'm not sure where to go for resources or support or how others handled this issue. (I am seeking counseling in the near future)And its not like I'm some scum of the earth person either-- I work with kids, I volunteer, I'm ethically vegan. I have survived abuse and I want to eliminate the aftermath from my life.Please, I don't need judgement just-- advice or support from people who may have gone through similar experiences...
When I was an undergraduate, I was physically and sexually assaulted by another man who I believed to be a friend. Sparing the details, he choked me until I was unconscious, assaulted me, and the next day threatened to kill me if I told anyone. I never did tell anyone. For many years, I accepted his excuse that he was very drunk, and tried to downplay to myself of the importance of the incident in my life. I have always believed that I am a strong and stoic person who has the power within myself to overcome anything. (He dropped out, and to my knowledge remains homeless/unemployed since then. I have heard speculation that he is a heroin addict.) I have since earned a graduate degree and am on my way in a successful career, but despite interest from others I have never so much as had a girlfriend since then. I have never considered it. All of my relationships and interactions with other people are strictly professional and platonic. I cannot relate to anyone in a romantic or remotely sexual way, and have pretended that it has nothing to do with what happened seven years ago. This is the first time I have ever told anyone. 
I found this in my therapist's office and thought I would share it.  It is a free online cartoon book about abuse written by a psychologist who is herself a survivor of abuse. If this is against the rules, I apologize.http://ninaburrowes.com/index.php/books/the-courage-to-be-me/
**tl:dr** : *I leave my hubby at home and visit my abuser (dad) for weeks at a time because he gives me money that I need to survive, but it isn't healthy.*---------------Does anyone else have this problem (in any form)?I still associate with my dad, my abuser (physical, sexual, verbal) who is hundreds of miles away. He's "better" with me now, but still can say inappropriate things, make me uncomfortable, and is still controlling.  He pays me to come see him, including travel, and we need the money (I can't work a steady job due to PTSD, bipolar, anxiety and ADHD). So I go (alone) to my abuser's house for a week or more at a time to help him around the house and/or spend time with him and Mom. But every time I go, I come back more messed up. My councilor and psychiatrist have both said "DON'T GO BACK!", but I do because my dad's my financial safety net and I'm afraid he won't help if I don't go. My hubby did just got a 2nd job, so hopefully it will help. I'm also filing for disability, but it's a long process. And overall, I feel like I have no "excuse" to not go when Dad needs me, because my dad KNOWS I don't have a job. I also have it in my head that by going, it will help me grow to stand up to him, I can be a positive roll model for him, and eventually I can grow the courage to write to them about the abuse.WTH is wrong with me? I know that we need the money, but why do I have such low regard for my own safety and well-being? heh... maybe it's *because* of the abuse that I feel this way...
I kind of stumbled along this sub randomly looking for things today. I should make a fake profile, but it really doesn't matter. I made myself go see the doctor finally. I felt sick the whole way. I've been in bed for months now, and even my kids are beginning to notice that I'm not acting the same. When the doctor came in, everything just started spilling out. I signed all the papers for them to have access to my previous medical records, and I had to explain how my childhood records are full of all these crazy diagnosis and different doctors, from my mom dragging me around and teaching me what to say so she could get the drugs she wanted.I had to explain the drug use, and how my mother taught me to snort the speed pills I was given for "ADHD". I explained how it graduated to cocaine, alcohol, pot, pills, sleep meds ect... I've only seen doctors for childbirth since I was an adult, so my records are mostly non existent anyway. I don't know what happens with records from foster care. I cried when I explained that hugging my kids makes me feel sick, because I hate when people touch me. But, I hug them anyway because I don't want them to be weird like me. I cried when I explained I never had a babysitter until my kids could talk clearly and understandably because I think most people like to hurt kids for fun, or touch them for pleasure. I told the doctor all my kids are fathered by my boyfriend. They don't need to know how my firstborn came about. I told her how I sit in the dark all day, until my kids come home when I have to pretend I'm normal, so I don't mess them up. When she asked me about sexual abuse I told her about my mom's friends,  but not about my mom. That shit makes everyone uncomfortable. Every one gets skeptical when you tell them about a mom coming into her daughters room at night. I've spent the rest of the day in bed with all the lights off. Today took way to much out of me. The doctor says I should try one more time with a psychiatrist and a counseler. She wrote me prozac after asking about suicide a lot. I don't know if I can even bring myself to call the psychiatrist.  
I was abused by my father as a child. It may not be as severe as what some others here have had to go through, but it's affected me all the same. He'd constantly hit me claiming it was punishment. Sometimes I'd genuinely done something wrong. Usually I'd have done something by accident, say spilling something. Often I'd have done nothing wrong at all, either he thought I did and wouldn't hear me out or just wanted to hit me for the hell of it. Whatever happened, it was always my fault, all done in the name of punishment.I like to think that I'm over it, but every once in a while something triggers me. Occasionally I come across people saying shit like "You gotta hit your kids! It teaches them discipline!" And when I hear this, I want to go absolutely berserk. I just...I don't know how I can handle something like that.
I wont go too in-depth on what happened. Long story short, abusive parents, victim-blaming relatives, bullies.So lets fast-forward a bit.Half a decade ago through great effort, intensive preparation, luck and a miracle in the making, I was able to escape my abusers. The bullies went away after highschool so theres that I guess.Since then Ive struggled to lead a meaningful life. I have no family(obviously), no real relationships, or anything I would call a future. I feel "empty". And my life is empty. I cant get close to anyone. And they dont want to get close to me. Cant blame em. Theres this great void in my life and I dont have the means or ability to really do anything about it. So today Im going to try something different.Fellow survivors, I want to be happy. I want to love and be loved. I want a future. How do you learn to walk after being so crippled for so much of life?Please tell me, what do I do? What do I need to do? Please and thank yous! 
was a cold autumn night. The chill of winter was upon us, as the warmth of the alcohol set in our stomachs. We all knew each other pretty well, and the average tone of an easy evening of drinks at a friends house, dressed the evening graciously. Or so I had thought.    A new couple, we were. The trust had been new, and our lack of knowledge, on certain personality traits caused a certain destruction, as he mistook a harmless moment, for something more threatening. A moment of socialization, and a quick fall back of comfort, to test on the softness of the bed which we sat. A simple mistake, to lay with a friend of the same gender, as a man was also present. A moment of apathy for the man who claimed my heart, gazed upon us, unknowingly. The threat was clear in his eyes, and so the fire began.   A blur of events, mostly drunken fights, and attempts to calm down the monster which was released upon us. Or so we thought. This was nothing compared to what was in store in the near certain future. Who could of foretold it anyway? As he grasped my arm and dragged me home, a silent plea for help, to the closest friend n proximity, although speaking with ones eyes isn't the best way to go about it. Please help me. The words i tried to send subconsciously, for I knew what would happen the moment we got home. Or so I thought.   The true monster was unleashed the moment we set foot through the door. A push or a hit, filled with endless rage and apathy, from a sad and broken little boy. Hours of his grief and madness, as he felt the need to punish me for something so minute. So small. A knee in my back as I lay on the bed. The true strength of alcohol, as he ripped off his shirt, and wrapped it around my neck. Was he trying to pull my head off my shoulders? My mind wasn't going to stick around to find out.   Darkness. Was it all over? A distant voice in the darkness, told me its not my time, and told me to go back.   That was the night I died.   A part of me regrets the return, opening my eyes to find a sad little,boy, crying uncontrollably, begging for my awakening. A part of me wonders why he was so quick to change back into that monster, the moment I awoke again. Hitting me in the face, angry, so angry. But for what? What did I do so wrong? I must of done something horrible to deserve such a brutal attack. I could not recall what had even happened, only that I was in a different part of the room than before I had slept. Why is he hurting me? I had become trained to avoid such situations. I had learned my lesson. I had blamed myself, and the eagerness to fulfill the unreasonable expectations that were intertwined. My mind had shut out the abuse. The pain was just a bad dream. A mistake. A reaction to my own action. Completely avoidable. A never ending nightmare I had learned to hide. 
Beautiful piece of profound wisdom dug up from [this poem](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLbh1z3dzo0).
Whenever I have reason to feel good about myself, it feels so uncomfortable that I end up checking out and numbing myself. Whenever someone gives me compliment, instead of being able to internalize it, I just emotionally dismiss whatever they said and let it have no meaning. To accept a compliment is too painful for me. Better not to accept the compliment and let my guard down.Can anyone relate?
Cross-post from /r/depression.Things have changed in my life, and I have changed, over the past few years. I felt my username - /u/perfectfailure - no longer really suits me where I am now in my life. Yes, I still deal with depression, PTSD shit and anxiety, but I need to, and am ready to, let the negativity go. Imperfectsuccess - I like the sound of it!For the folks here in this forum, I want to thank you. Being able to post and comment here has been part of what helped me get to this point.
x-post from /r/dreamsMy dream history is extensive. I started having night terrors as a child (I'm now 44F) and still have them. They always take place in the bed in which I am actually sleeping and seem almost paranormal sometimes. The threat/big bad represents my dad, but in my dreams he comes in many forms. In most, I become lucid and can wake myself up. I used to have to scream (find my voice so to speak), and now I say my SO's name. This has been working for over a year, but last month I couldn't even recognize I was dreaming and full on bloody screamed - in that one, there was something cutting my sheets all around me and trying to get to me. It is very hard to go back to sleep and not slip back into the dream. I should note that I have a very active dream life, I even have natural disaster dreams where I actually die.My sister's stress dreams are more about her adult life (married 35). She has 3 children and she has lots of dreams about locking all of the doors, checking all of the windows and such, in her house and needing to make sure everyone is safe. She believes that the big unknown bad represents our dad. She wakes up in a panic, but knows it's a dream.My brother's dreams are about protecting our sister from our dad. Dad is dead (about 5 years now) and brother is 26. He actually had a dream where my brother stepped in front of my sister as our dad was approaching and he told our dad to fuck off. He put himself between the bad and my sister to protect her. He's the youngest and feels guilt about not being able to do anything about it when we were all younger. He also didn't learn about the abuse from us until after our dad passed.I didn't know until this weekend that my brother and sister also have dreams about our dad. My brother's are the most specific. I've never actually had a dream where our dad was there - he is always represented as some big evil threat coming at me in my bed.Anyway, I wanted to share and see if anyone else had similar experiences with family members. I find it fascinating.**TL,DR: My father abused me and my sister but not our brother. We all have disturbing dreams about our dad to varying degrees, but with similar themes of fear, safety and protection.**
I thought this [video](http://www.policymic.com/articles/88613/the-white-house-just-released-an-anti-sexual-assault-video-that-every-man-needs-to-see?utm_source=policymicFB&utm_medium=main&utm_campaign=social) may give fellow sexual abuse/rape survivors some peace of mind seeing that something is being done to try to help us and any future victims.
So, I had a fight with my mother yesterday, since she thinks I have no reason to be in therapy. She knows next to nothing about why I am in therapy in the first place, since I have horrible trust issues and my family isn't exactly great with talking about feelings... it's a long story why I never told them. Our relationship never worked out.Recently it got better. I'm still secretly in favour of just never talking to them again because of my own reasons, or at least having as little contact as possible, but I can't, so I'm trying to make it work somehow.Back to the main topic: Yesterday she told me something that made me realise why she seems to be ALWAYS angry: She remembers a point in my life where I was trying to punish myself with having sex with people I was definitely not into, for different reasons. I wasn't 18 then, so when she found out about on specific incident (no idea how she found out, I was really good at keeping secrets), which was with a guy twice my age, she obviously couldn't deal with it. Problem is that since she doesn't know the most important part of the picture: I was sexually abused over a period of time when I was younger.No, it's still not a nice thing to know about your daughter, but from her perspective I was lying to myself about it and not telling my therapist because it was the real problem that I didn't want to see. And that's when I told her: Listen, mum. I know what caused most of this and it's much more in the past than you think. I can't tell you but it's screwing me up pretty badly and it's the reason I feel like this every day. Please don't ask me. I never wanted to tell you. It's already hard to talk about it, even with my therapist. She knows, but so far I can't let her discuss it with me in detail because it's such a painful memory. I'm only telling you because you obviously don't trust me with my own mental health and you obviously need to know everything, but this is already more than I can and want to share.Like I said, I was never going to tell them. They are still friends with the guy who did it...After I told her, I cried a little (I never cry) and then I tried to go to sleep. I was feeling like I was walking in fog or something. I was worried and sad and upset... and I still am.Talking about it always makes it so much more real and I'm not ready to tell them, actually. I hate that this was the only way to make her back off. On the other side I'm pretty proud that I was also telling her not to ask for any more and finally leaving me alone...Sorry for the clumsy wording. I just needed to share this...
Title basically sums it up.I didn't want to have sex when he initiated it since I was still upset about a comment he made earlier, so he stopped, looked mad and turned away. I honest to god thought he was mad at me for still being upset about the comment (turns out he was mad at himself for making the comment in the first place) so I felt bad and pulled him over to have the le sexy time I thought he was upset I was denying him. Since he is a child sexual abuse survivor this triggered all sorts of things (since he hasn't told me about it I kept doing things that ended up triggering him by mistake like grabbing his arm or putting my hand on his shoulder, which I have no way to know not to do since I don't know until I've done it and he tells me I was triggering them [at which point I try to remember not to ever do again]). Long story short he said he forgave me when he told me it was rape to him and not to think of myself as a rapist (which I pretended to do since it seemed to bother him), but he recently broke up with me and it turns out he thought of me exclusively as a rapist and it disgusted him, and he never believed I felt sorry for it, which obviously you can imagine I feel like absolute shit about because I feel so worthless and sorry for what I did. Anyway, now we are broken up and I can never tell him how worthless, horrid, and utterly sorry I feel about it (he literally cut me off, like blocked me on everything and turned his friends against me, so I have no way to tell him).To be clear I love and tried to support him in any way possible and I never meant for this to happen. If anyone out there cares I'd appreciate knowing what I should do?
I originally posted in TwoXChromosomes, but got nothing but accusations and no actual support or discussion. This is my first time on this subreddit, but I'm hoping all of you will be more helpful than TwoX. Since this somehow wasn't clear last time I posted, I'll state right off the bat that I'm not looking for anyone to tell me what I "need" to do. I just want some womanly support to help me feel like this is just yet another thing part of my life that will pass even though right now it's hard.Long story short, the reappearance of past issues is causing not only intimacy issues but also what I would consider backpedaling in many aspects of my life.More than a decade ago I was repeatedly sexually assaulted by a neighbor. I spent many years keeping the event shoved under the carpet, blamed myself, and struggled functioning in everyday activities. After a lot of exploration into support forums, etc. and finally creating healthy relationships, I began to move on and learn to accept who I've become. I by no means ever fully recovered, but I at least grew into a functional, mostly logical woman. The issues I had been coping with were a thing of the past.Recently though I feel like I've done a complete 180. Nothing in my life has changed in the past few months so I'm at a loss as to what is causing these feelings, and subsequently how to fix this. I feel as if I'm back to where I started with feelings of depression, anxiety, fear of intimacy, an aversion towards physical contact, and little to no appetite.My significant other (though unaware of exact details) knows that I've had issues in my past but has seemingly forgotten. Many of the things they say are off-handed but very grating and are making me feel less comfortable even bringing up what's bothering me (and quite honestly I don't think they realize much of anything is wrong other than normal, everyday stresses). Also, though our sex life has always been very enjoyable, they don't understand that I don't have any sex drive right now. I feel bad for "holding out" (my words, not theirs), but I feel even guiltier after the fact when I know that I've faked my enjoyment.I'm not looking for advice to open up to my SO. I realize that I could (and probably should) do this, but I'm content letting them be clueless. Ignorance is bliss. What I really want is some sort of support that I'm not crazy, and that things will get better.
I apologize in advance for the wall of text. The **tl;dr** is the title. My step mother abused me when I was little. It was never nearly as bad as some of the shit other people were put through by their parents/step parents/other family, but it was pretty bad to me. I spent the first four years of my life being spoiled by my father and his mother after my birth mother abandoned the family. I never heard the word "no", and when my step mom came into the picture and tried to teach me how to behave, gave me rules, made me do things, it didn't go over well. I rebelled against everything she tried, and she got angry. And she beat me. It wasn't discipline, it wasn't a smack on the hand or the butt, it was beatings and it was out of anger. Fists, wooden spoons, mop handles, whatever she could get her hands on in the moment. She broke my nose over the kitchen counter when I was around 7. Because I wouldn't eat what she served me. It was the only time she ever hurt me so badly that I had to see a doctor, though. As time went on, I learned to be sneakier about the things I did that she didn't approve of, and she started preemptively beating me. In the vein of "if you haven't done something wrong yet, you will, so I will beat you for it now". I was oppressed (she took the door off my bedroom every place we lived), I was timed on my walk home from school and followed home by her in her car. She got it into her head that I was masturbating when I was 8, so she started beating me for that. I had no clue then what she was on about, but any denials on my part meant nothing but more pain because I was lying. She didn't like me and thought I was interfering in her marriage because my father loved me more than he did her. The love he has for me is different than the love he has for her. But, she was also trapped in a marriage that was shitty from the get-go. My father abused her, so she turned around and did it to me. There were numerous incidents that solidified the abusive cycle in our house. She stopped beating me only when I hit her back when I was about 13. In my early twenties, I tried to make peace with her. I tried to talk with her about the shit that went down when I was younger. She wouldn't acknowledge that there was anything wrong with how she raised me. This, of course, just made me angrier at her. How do you heal when the person you're trying to forgive won't even fucking apologize or admit that they did anything wrong? She never denied beating me, just stated that that's how she was raised so that's what she thought discipline was supposed to happen. She was just trying to make sure I grew up into a responsible young woman, etc. So, I gave up on trying to get an apology from her. I gave up on trying to get my dad to see what my childhood was actually like around the same time because he just didn't want to hear it. I spent many years avoiding contact with both of them. They lived out of state, which made it really easy. They always reached out to me, not angrily but confused as to why I didn't visit them. And, eventually, I just forgave them, gave up the anger because it wasn't doing me any good and would never be resolved by avoiding them or by talking to them. I had to come to my own peace with how I grew up, and it worked for the most part. I am in my 40s now. I have a wonderful husband, a great job, and even a relationship with both my parents. We're not close, but we are as close as we ever have been and it's on my terms.  I know that I can live my life with or without them, and it's very liberating. The tables have turned and step mom has given me so much power over her (she wants to spend time with me, be a close family, tells me she loves me and I am all she has, etc.), but I will not abuse that power. And it makes me very proud of me. 
I have been In an abusive marriage for 5 years and have a young child. My husband has been arrested twice and is still on probation. I am trying to survive until I get a decent paying job (I have a degree, just no available jobs at the moment). I have no family and a shelter just seems out of the question with my child. I am literally stuck. I was roped into a high car payment (which my credit is now ruined, so I can my get another vehicle) and I am paying quite a bit of money for daycare.Here's the problem- my husband is the bread winner but I barely see 50%... He DOES pay for the house and bills, while my income is my car and daycare.I am stuck... any advice would be great.
i am sorry, first off, let me just say that. because i'm not sure if i should be allowed to share this story. for all i know, i may be an abuser, i may be an awful person. but i don't know what else to do.around six years ago, my cousin and i were playing a game, he added a rule, if i lost the game, i would have to kiss his, "willy" as he said. now, my cousin has always been a really aggressive and violent person, the first time i met him he told he would get his dad to kill me if i upset him, and out of fear, i went along with it and i, kissed his "willy".after that, we both moved on to, experimenting. it never went past grinding up against one another, and neither of us were aroused by it. but, the experimentation happened at least twice, however, instead of out of fear, the experimentation just happened, we both agreed to it, and it happened. we haven't seen each other since, and from what i've heard my cousin is still as aggressive as ever.but here's where i'm not sure anymore. i was 11 when this happened, and he was 8. i don't know anymore, i don't know what to think, i don't know what to think about what happened. am i the abuser here? should i hand myself into the police? i don't know what to do anymore. i talked to "Bravehearts.org" a site geared towards talking about child sex abuse, and they told me that kids experiment, it happens, and that i am allowed to forgive myself for what happened and more on with my life, but i don't know what to do anymore. this has been haunting me ever since, i feel like a monster and i'm not sure whether or not i deserve to feel like this. i am so sorry. i really am. 
I'm not sure if it is because of the multiple incidents of abuse I have faced but I feel like taking care of my mental health is such a struggle that I've almost given up. It's hard to access good help. I also feel that I struggle to take personal responsibility for my mental health. I feel like mental health is something that just happens to me, that other people do to me which is outside of my control and if other people are just nice enough love can fix my problems. I feel that I have come to be quite unproactive about my mental health. Does anyone else feel the same ?This is so different however from how I relate to my physical health which I am very proactive about. I feel that my body is mine and I am in a way alone with it if it is diseased, no one can save me from myself so I need to take care of myself. I'm the one that is going to suffer if I don't take care of my physical body not other people, not the doctors. I feel that it is my responsibility to take care of my physical body. But with my mental health I find it hard to see it this way. Maybe I have just been attacked too many times so I've given up hope that I can keep myself safe and healthy mentally. I feel like mental health is something that just happens to me and isn't within my reach to take care of. For me medical care for my physical health has been a lot easier to access than mental healthcare. I might have gotten frustrated and given up over my physical health if medicine and medical care were practically impossible to access the way that mental healthcare has been.
When I was four years old, a 17-year old babysitter loosened her clothing and encouraged me to touch her exposed breasts and vagina. She said it was so I could see what grown-ups looked like. I was too young to know whether what happened to me was wrong or not. But in retrospect I do wonder what effect it had on my emotional development.At age eight, a different female babysitter would strip my clothes off in front of my younger brother and lock me outside the door of my own house - in broad daylight. I know for a fact that it had a profound negative effect on my emotionally. Considering some of the previous trauma I had experienced before when I was younger, my emotional state was already pretty fragile to begin with. My brother told our parents what had happened and for the rest of summer, a girl from our church would babysit us. Because the now-former sitter lived just down the street from us, every now she would pass by on her bicycle and hurl insults at me if I was playing in my front lawn. Again, I didn't know what I had done to make her angry at me, but I stopped playing in the front yard from then on out.At age 18, my parents had the opportunity to move out to Eastern Washington, an area I detested (and still do). I was bound and determined to stay in the Portland area and the woman I was dating (who was 9 years my senior) offered to take me in. Almost immediately after my parents had moved away my girlfriend would start emotionally and physically abusing me. Anything would set her off, and when she got angry, it was my fault. At one point she threw a full-sized box spring down a flight of stairs at me. All throughout her tirades she would rail on about how she had been physically abused as a child, and later would be in abusive relationships (that also ended up exposing her daughter to sexual abuse as well). I had no intention of hurting her or her daughter, but the only way I could demonstrate my honesty was to let myself be subjected to abuse.Eventually our relationship would devolve to the point where the only kind of physical affection I could get out of her was in some form of abuse or neglect. Her idea of sex was to have me help her masturbate to climax, after which she would turn over and fall asleep. Any time I asked for some kind of physical interaction, I would be told that I was constantly asking for sex.After three years of constant debasement, I came to the realization that I had the resources at my disposal to leave that relationship and I quickly did so.This is the first time I've actually opened up about my past history in a public forum. One of the reasons I've been reluctant to do so is because whenever I mention being abused or molested to someone individually, the reaction is invariably one of the following:"You were too young to have it do anything damaging to you.""Don't think that by making shit up you've had the same abuse happen to you."Or my favorite:"But you're a guy, didn't you like it?"It's the same dismissive attitude that people reserve for other victims of sexual assault and rape. I always take the subject of rape seriously and refuse to joke about it. But I won't have someone tell me that being coerced to touch a woman's genitals at a young age should be a positive experience. I also fail to see how it makes any difference that the person throwing insults, punches, and sometimes furniture at me was my girlfriend, and not my mother or other authority figure. What further rankles is how often I've been subjected to emotional and physical abuse at the hands of those who themselves have been abused and are blind to the circle of violence and loathing that they are now making themselves party to.I'm not posting this for any kind of attention - positive or negative. I'm also not here to make some kind of misogynist statement about the iniquity of the female gender. If anything, what my experiences have taught me is that you don't need a Y chromosome to be a maladjusted prick. But I can no longer keep this inside me any longer and feel that only by bringing this vein of darkness to the fucking light I can find a way of working with it.Having said that, if you think that disregarding my experiences outright is going to suddenly undo them and make me shut up, you've got another fucking thing coming.
[Link here](http://www.upworthy.com/sexual-abuse-is-terrifying-to-a-child-one-survivor-is-responding-with-something-even-scarier?g=2&c=ufb1)Rewind To Fast-ForwardDirector Sasha Joseph Neulinger spent his childhood in front of a camera. His father Henry, also a documentary filmmaker, shot over two hundred hours of home video capturing every aspect of Sasha’s young life. But within the footage of birthday parties, family trips, and hockey games, something dark was hidden.  Sasha revisits his father’s videos and the painful secret of his early years—a secret that would shift the course of his life. Between the ages of three and seven, Sasha was sexually abused by two of his uncles and one male cousin. After Sasha came forward and spoke up about the abuse, his father Henry shared a secret of his own.  Henry’s brothers, the same men who had abused Sasha, had also abused Henry as a boy.  Sasha spent a decade entangled in the criminal justice system—and struggling to find his identity in the aftermath of his stolen childhood. This autobiographical film will unearth a historical case of multigenerational sexual abuse and by doing so, it will also give intimate and inspiring insight into one survivor’s healing process. I found the video very moving, I hope this is the right place to share.
20 years ago I suffered sexual abuse. I processed, crushed the memories, and finished growing up, more or less unaffected. Last year, a dickwad of an ex-friend accused me of supporting and abetting rape and rape culture. I was so incensed that I lost a day to flashbacks and horror. Since then, I've had periodic flashbacks of the same two memories that were left behind after all others were crushed and locked away. I have a new sexual partner. He's fun, and to my utter shock, male. I felt almost normal in my approach to him, and it's been exhilarating! It's a long distance relationship, and we're only 5 weeks into knowing eachother at all, but we've been playing with suggestible mind-states. It never occurred to me that he would be able to trigger a flashback, so I never bothered to mention it. I was enjoying normalhood. At the time, I was so relaxed, that he was able to divert me without causing an obvious meltdown, but afterwards I was so stressed that I decided it was only fair he understood why I responded so strongly. Ever since that evening, when I explained what happened, I've been getting back more and more memories, and feeling more vulnerable. I keep crying, and yesterday I almost walked straight back out of work as soon as I arrived. I think I had a very quiet panic attack from about 8:45 am until 4pm. My Husband is highly supportive (we're polyamorous, just roll with it) and caring, but this has caused a relapse in my heart condition. I don't want to tell work, this isn't me, my life, or a feature in my personality, so I don't want to have to keep explaining my sexual history to people. **what is better for me**? Do I keep getting my informed friends to listen to me, and ask me questions, thereby bringing up all the buried horrors, or do I let it run in silence, letting the memories come up and fade of their own accord?
I am a 24 year old who recently got out of a bad, abusive (mostly mental, some physical) household. For my entire life I lived with and relied on my father. My childhood was bad, but I never realized that it was not me who was the cause of it until I met my SO (now going on 6 years). I have tried to see counselors in the past, but I have never been able to talk about my past and would stop going after one or two visits.I am struggling now with finding myself, recognizing that he was an abusive influence in my life, and that there are better things out there. Perhaps I have am not the evil person I have thought for so many years. My low self-esteem, and insecurities has affected my relationship s with other people and my job. I am ready to figure these things out. But I don't know where to start. Any advice would be helpful. 
Sometimes I put my hand over my heart, and that's the only thing that makes it feel better...
First time poster in the sub so please bear with me cause I'm going to be all over the place. I'm a 34 year old male that was sexually and physically abused by my older half-brother (mother's side). It wasn't until I was about 30 years old that I remembered the sexual side of the abuse. My abuser is, even now a piece of crap. He is still financially dependant on my mother. I try to help him be more independent (before I made sense of what he had done). Now a days I avoid my abuser as much as possible.  So I've known about what he had done for almost 5 years now. I told my mom and sister what happened. My mom... I don't know if she was too embarrassed or upset but she offered no support and just didn't want to hear it. My sister at least listened which is about the best support I've gotten. But these past couple nights all the different attacks, being strangled for spilling glue on the record player, forcing me to perform acts. It's all just been clogging me up mentally. So moving around time a bit more. My father passed away in 2005 and he left no will. 2 weeks ago I get a letter regarding a 401K that we didn't know about. There's about $80k in the account. Great news right. Well I tell my mother about it. She tells me I need to split it evenly among my sister and the ass. I tell her that he wasn't even my father's son and he doesn't deserve another hand out that he'll blow on whatever he blows it on. But now my mom is pissed at me and I at her. I'm not changing my mind about how to distribute the money. If he wants his share he'll have to take me to court. But after all this I can't stand seeing my mother or walking into the house where a lot of it happened. This venting seemed to help. Sorry it's about as easy to follow as a Tarintino flick. One thing is like to say to anyone that knows an abuse survivor, listen and be as available as you can to them. It makes all the difference.
I was sexually molested by my mother's father when I was 4, and now, at 30, that son of a bitch finally died. One of my only regrets in life will be that I never got to call him out on it, will never get to demand an answer of why. I should have pressed charges before it was too late. But what's done is done.I came out to my family when I was 16, and learned that my sister also went through similar things. My mother's siblings called me a liar, just looking for attention. Because that's what rebellious punk teens do, right? Riiiight.... My mom now denies they know anything about it. While he was sick I got to see her post on facebook asking people to pray for him. PRAY for that sick twisted fuck. She even asked my sister to pray for his soul. It infuriates me that my mother seems to have conveniently forgotten what he did to her daughters. And I want to rip into her. So badly. But I know I probably shouldn't. But it is insulting and hurtful to me.My sister and I talked about it all tonight. It helped, being able to talk to someone that feels the same way I do. Who knows what it's like having memories no child should ever have. At first, I just felt numb. And then later, I cried. And then I laughed. And it feels as if this lingering shadow has lifted, and maybe now I can finish... start? ... healing.And later, whenever I can afford to travel that way, I will dance on his grave.
I have absolutely no idea how to formulate this, so my apologies in advance if I'm not doing this right. I will get right to it, because this is starting to leak into my marriage. Growing up, my mother left my father when I was 5 years old, and I can still remember feeling confused about what was going on seeing all the boxes all over the room and being told we were "going on vacation". Some facts about the reality of that situation was that my father had giving up hard drugs once I was born, and this was a result of him relapsing and beating my mom. Two years went by, I am now 7 years old and my mom meets someone. Gradually she begins to stay over at his home more and more, and we (my younger sister and I) move into his home. My memory is hazy as to how and when I began to get beat during this mans drunken and sometimes sober episodes, but it began at i believe the age of 8-9. I can still remember feeing so depleted about who I was as an individual and that I could not formulate any reason as to why this was happening to me and no one else (my sister). There would be times out in public when we would go out to eat at a restaurant, and at the time i was learning how to read, and this man would make me read aloud the menu items, and when I could not pronounce the items properly he would audibly humiliate me in front of everyone. The random beatings increased as I got older, (this lasted from 8,9 years of age all the way to 12-13years old) and so did the awareness of the situation as it really was. I began to notice that my mother had full knowledge of what was happening, all these years, and did nothing about it. I cant remember a time in my childhood where I felt like it was ok to be myself. I used to consciously analyze how i thought people perceived me and I still do to this day, if not more than I ever have. Some things have happened in my present day life (23 years old now, married) such as my beloved grandmother passing away back in may. What im getting at is that her death, the death of someone who rescued me from that terrible man during my childhood and who always loved me is no longer apart of my life, and it is beginning to force me to look at my childhood and address it. Being married for these short 6 months or so, I have begun to lash out at my wife verbally and on my animals, and I am afraid that I am picking up the same behaviors that was afflicted onto me as a child. The anger from my grandmother's passing is starting to blur with my childhood, which makes me think it is a mirror or some kind? Make no mistake I have no delusions about me dealing with any of these situations in a healthy manor, but I know this is the root cause of my anger lately, and I am out of ideas as to cope with this. I love my wife more than anything, and I am sick to my stomach that I treat her with such disrespect when she is trying to get me to see the light. Im sorry if this is the wrong forum to be posting this type of thing on, but I'm at the end of my ropes. Any thoughts, questions or concerns would be gladly appreciated. Thank you.
I laid there, on that trampoline, looking up at the sky. I heard them fighting, and turned my music up louder. I wanted to not hear them anymore, I wanted to disappear into the nothingness of sound. I guess I should give background of who I am. My name is Semmy (not my real name), I grew up in New Jersey, lived most of my time with my mom. My dad and mom split up, but he was an amazing dad, he died when I was twelve. My mom remarried some asshole, we will just call him asshole. I have one older sister, and a younger step brother. Before my mom met asshole she was a pretty great mom. She would spend one night a week with her friends drinking and be a little wild when us kids were younger, but never let it affect her time with us other times. She met asshole and got into hard core drugs. Then the abuse started, I was young, maybe seven when it started. My dad took us until he passed away, and I had to go back to that house. My own personal hell, I told authorities, but no one believed me. They warned my mom they were coming to inspect the house, so things would be in tip top shape. Asshole moved us to the country, where no one could hear her scream. I wake up sometimes crying because I dreamt I was back there, trying so hard to get away. As most of you know the bruises fade, but the scars inside never go away. My mom knew what was going on, and she hates herself for it now. She got away, but the damage had already been done. So back to my trampoline.They were fighting over something stupid, I laid in the middle of the trampoline watching the clouds go by. I let myself slip in and out of reality, wishing myself some place other than where I was. Pink Floyd was telling me about bringing down a wall, and I related to it. Except the complete opposite, I wanted to build my wall so high that no one could climb, and if they did, it meant they wanted to get to know me pretty bad. I wish I could say I became that girl, but my soul wouldn’t allow me. I take in homeless people, I rescue animals. I am a photographer, and I want so badly to fix the world. I am still in school, and things are rough, but oh well. I fight the good fight for a dream that I want to grasp so tightly. I survived, if that’s what you call this existence. Wanting so badly to find him and scream and yell, cry and make him realize what he did. I forgave my mother, abuse is a horrible thing to go through. I have memories, that I wish would stop replaying in my mind, that haunt me, and created this socially awkward, person who excels at everything she puts her mind at. I am proud of who I am, some days. Other days I want to crawl into my bed and never come out, just leave me alone world, I am healing. I want to cry for no reason. Maybe I should crawl into bed with my fiancé and make him explain why he loves me again. It’s so hard, sometimes I try to understand the world, and I just cannot bring myself to understand anything.
Why did you bring me in this world if all you were going to do was neglect me.  Why did you bring the others in just for me to take care of them?   You wasted MY childhood!  You didn't care that I was molested not by one family memeber but two.  You didn't even fucking notice.  Because of you I have to fight every fucking day to interact with people like a normal person.  Because of you I have to fight every day to remember that I am supposed to take a shower amd brush my teeth.   Because of you I have to tell myself every day that I am worth loving, and hardly believe it.  You brought me in this world....for what assholes?  Fuck you! 
I was in an abusive/manipulative relationship with a lot of gaslighting. It's very difficult for me to realize that what happened was abusive. I have a tendency to brush things under the rug, or rationalize them because he did. Does anyone else have to remind themselves that the abuser's actions and words were intentional? It's such a frustrating process, I don't even really know how to describe it.
When I was younger, I was a hermit. I stayed away from people as much as possible. Last 2 years I have worked on being more social, but I am still very uneasy about talking to people. I feel like I'm not good enough, what I say will not be good enough, I feel like I will bother people if I talk to them. I know its from being abused, and feeling like I have no worth , but I'm not sure how to get past it. I see people being so natural and talking to people and I have no idea how to do that. I am constantly in fear of people reacting negatively to me and I was wondering how I could go about unlearning this kind of response
Keeping the backstory a little brief. I'm not sure how much of this or what will even come out.When I was 8 I made friends with a girl (I'm a girl as well) who had just moved to town. We became close really fast as I was always an outcast and she was the new kid. I spent a lot of time at her house. My first memory of anything was being over there in the summer and her and I playing in the dirt and mud, and her mom made us take a bath before dinner. I must have been staying the night like I did so often. What I can remember is being stripped down and put in this rusty, dirty old tub. The faucet jammed into my back when I sat down and she sat on the opposite end. Her mom ran her spidery scraggly fingers through my hair and to this day I hate being touched on the scalp. Her mom made us wash each other and when she touched me I resisted and she hit me. When we got out of the bath I remember her hugging me and telling me she didn't mean it and that she only did it because she loved me. I was a real quiet kid at the time and my parents were narcissistic, which I didn't know/realize until years later.This abuse went on until I was 10 and the principal at my school barred us from being near each other because we had become extreme issues in class. Both of our parents were angry and so we saw limited amounts of each other after that. For 2 years I was bound at the wrists, made to pose for her stepdad, I had pictures taken of me that I have no idea if they ended up in circulation, I was given benadryl on more than one occasion and I can remember waking up at the dinner table there once before. These people told me they loved me and they bribed me with things I didn't have at home like video games and they said I was special when they took my picture. I was burned with cigarettes whenever I resisted them and as time went on I refused to take a bath at my own house, to which my mother would get into fights and hit me over. I had bruises almost all the time and she would never know what was what. I couldn't bathe myself and I couldn't wear restrictive clothes. I'd cry at school and I developed severe OCD, especially with germs. I was extremely ritualistic and I had nervous tics. The school nurse used to let me sleep in the office during recess and every time she called my mother, she told me I was faking it for attention. I did a complete 180 as a child and as my life went on I ended up becoming an alcoholic and a drug addict, which I'm in recovery today, and I was such a maladjusted person until I started to get some recovery in me. I'm just starting my journey of opening up about my abuse and it's the hardest thing I've ever had to do. Constantly I'm plagued with vague memories that I can't help but think are made up, severe guilt, severe shame, and cluelessness. I was tortured.Anyways, it feels good to be able to be open about what I can right now. I have a great therapist but I guess I'm also looking for other resources that can help me out on sorting out these feelings and issues.Thanks for reading.
Extremely abusive sibling. Younger sister, absolutely hates me for no reason. Says that my existence is a problem to her and that I should kill myself for her satisfaction, and if I do not, she will continue to make sure I end up doing so. My misery = her life source.I moved out, and have strengthened ruined relationships with my parents (ruined because of her). However, even after moving out.. I am extremely depressed. No one really cares about or understands my suffering, parents and brother are indifferent and will only be good to me when I am making their lives better or helping them.Realized more recently since moving out that I cannot go home unless she isn't there. Depression and anxiety because of her and other parts of my life have left me feeling like a ticking time bomb, and I am supposed to be a lot better now that I have moved out. I still can't deal with normal downs of life, let alone visit home to see my own parents or other family because she will be there.How do I separate her from what I value and cherish most- my family? My family is dysfunctional and depressed in their own ways and I cannot seek help from them. All I try to do is make their lives better, and it makes me feel better. I want family in my life. I can't disassociate my emotionally abusive sister from my family (parents/extended family). They refuse to "see" the abuse and my feelings and become angry at me if I show any emotion or ask for hep.What do I do, now, at 25?!
I've shared my story before, as a child I was sexually abused by my grandfather. I've spent all of my adult life trying to cope with the results of this abuse. I've had intimacy issues, guilt, anger and all the rest of the usual symptoms. It bothers me that I can't work out if my interest in BDSM is because of my earliest sexual encounters.But today, I've come to vent on a different matter.I have a really hard time saying no to men, I've let myself get into some pretty stupid and dangerous situations because I just don't want to make people angry. I'm constantly worried that I'll end up cheating on my husband, not because I want to but because it's the easiest way out of a situation.A few nights ago I was at a party with my husband. A much older guy I'd never met before was there and he immediately took a shine to me. I got way too drunk and he was following me round trying to kiss me. I didn't want to cause a fuss so I let him, he tried to put his tongue in my mouth but I managed to keep my teeth closed but still he was trying and touching me.My husband had no idea that I was so uncomfortable and didn't see any problem with what was happening. I felt so vulnerable and scared. Getting drunk was stupid.It keeps playing in my mind, everything that the man was saying and trying to do. I feel worthless again. What's wrong with me?
My wife and I are twenty two years old, we've known each other for about eight years (mostly over the internet), and we've been married since August. My wife hits, pinches, scratches, and verbally abuses me when she doesn't get her way. I've recently resorted to fighting back, not to hurt her just to get her away. I have bruises and scratches all over my body, and I'm terrified. I'm typing this out on my phone because she recently locked my computer away from me. I'm transgender, she knows it, and she's told me she doesn't like it so I have to dress up when she's not home and never tell her about it. So today I dressed up knowing about the time she'd be home on break. She got home and I ran to the bedroom to change, she tried to follow but I told her no thinking she'd get mad because I was in her clothes. She ended up being mad that I wouldn't show her. She wouldn't listen to me at all so I stopped talking which made her angrier. A fight ensued and i ended up in tears and she went back to work taking my ps3 with her so I couldn't do anything while she was gone.Thank you for reading if you did.
I started over, built a new life and things are pretty manageable now. There is just one small problem. When the lights go out, I cannot handle any sort of movement. I'd prefer not to state all (or any) of what happened. Can you just take my word that bad things have happened in the dark and that the dark is haunted by feelings and memory I'd rather forget? Moving light from cars in the night will make me flinch away from stationary object I'm standing or walking near. If my boyfriend is in bed taking off clothing or rearranging pillows, I am either on the opposite corner of the bed or end up feeling bad about the way he feels bad about me moving and lie still, wishing I could sink below the mattress. This right here is pretty much a non issue. My boyfriend knows not to sneak up on me that that rough housing is a daylight activity for me. Wrestling has been quite therapeutic for me. Not seeing what is going on changes everything.If time is the healer of wounds, I might need another few years to lay this one to rest. While I've made a lot of progress in my life, darkness is still tinged with violence in a way that I don't have the tools to get rid of. Now, I *know* that I'm safe. Flinching is pretty much a reflex much like grabbing for things when toppling over is a reflex. But I still get that over-dramatic fight or flight response that I do not want and it is unnecessary or overkill to the situation. I can hide that I'm having that response like a champ, but it's still there, an unwanted waste of my very limited energy. Right now, it's an inconvenience which doesn't disrupt my life (I can go from "oh fuck, what's that shadow thing moving towards me?" to being in bed *and asleep* in less than ten minutes). It's an inconvenience and it can be embarrassing to have this reaction in front of my boyfriend still (even though he's used to it). This really only becomes a problem for me when it's going to be dark and I'm outside of my usual habitat and around other people.In less than two weeks I am going camping as a part of a group. I don't want to draw attention to this very personal problem and I don't want to be a jumpy mess in the dark when I need to leave the tent to go pee. The tiny sliver of light given by flashlights draw attention to the vast blanket of dark that covers me when I'm out and the fact that I have no night vision makes me feel even more vulnerable. A fear of the dark is a child's fear. What the hell am I supposed to do with it? 
Hello everyone.  I'm wholly new to Reddit and pretty much have no idea what I'm doing.  I've been lurking and observing some of these survivor 'communities' for a few months and have only just now got the courage together to actually register and post.  I apologize in advance for the long post. -->  I was sexually and emotionally/psychologically abused for the majority of my childhood/adolescence.  I'm no longer in the abusive environment and the whole thing is over 10 years 'out', but I've never - not once - stopped to actually acknowledge the reality of what happened because this was my primary survival mechanism - Simply not registering what was happening on its proper level and not allowing myself to feel the resulting emotion.  I've spent the years since naively trying to live as drastically different a life as possible, believing I could 1.) make up for what was taken from me as a child and 2.) simply shove it into a shoebox and never think about it again.  About a year ago I found myself embroiled in a very cruel and intricate con that was designed to be as emotionally and psychologically shattering as possible. The resulting emotional breakdown and fallout was so intense that it somehow cracked this thing inside of me that had been keeping me blind to being exploited and manipulated.  I determined that I was going to purge my life of any other relationship that do this sort of thing to me and suddenly found myself beginning - for the first time in 30 years - to feel actual rage over what had been done to me as a child.  I've since begun the horrid process of trying to dig the skeletons out of the closet.  A family emergency in the summer took me home, where I broke the silence with my mother for the first time.  Growing up, I was shoved into the position of being both the redeeming straight-A poster child, AND the one responsible for maintaining familial "equilibrium" at my own expense, because it was my silence and submissiveness that kept us together.  Now - having recently moved in with my boyfriend of 7 years - I'm feeling lost and utterly overwhelmed and I frankly don't know what to do with these things.  Growing up, I had the experiences without the emotion.  Now I'm having the emotion without the experiences and my boyfriend is catching the brunt of this because he's now the primary "male" in my life.  I struggle on a daily basis with a wide range of things - from phantom anxieties and terror that have driven a spike of coldness between my boyfriend and I, to a rotating selection of questions that plague me night and day, to insomnia and crazy dreams.  I've all but stopped speaking to my father and my mother is now attempting to essentially throw him out, which part of me still perceives as being "my fault" because as a child, I was charged with maintaining the familial equilibrium with my silence and subservience.  I've been doing some of the more "obvious" things like reading up, working through a workbook, trying to be as open with my boyfriend as possible, researching therapists, reaching out to a few trusted friends, and even contemplating starting a blog.  Problem is - this isn't really enough and I still don't really know what I'm doing.  What I think I really need the most right at this moment is advice or feedback on how to maintain intimate relationships while simultaneously doing >this< (coming to terms with, and healing from having been abused).  I've always had problems with intimate relationships (see the fact that it took me 7 years to be willing to actually move in with my boyfriend), but since having moved, I've been experiencing an awful lot of sometimes uncontrolled anxiety.  Everything is a trigger for me because NOW we really feel like family, and my version of "feeling like family" consists of constant terror, hyper-awareness/sensitivity, and automatic self-depreciating submissiveness.  I've stopped wanting to be physically intimate with him at all and am frightened of both his physical desire for me AND my own desire for him.  When I'm not feeling scared of intimate physical contact, I usually feel like I don't deserve it because I'm such a disgusting basket case.  Sometimes even gentle, kind things make me tense up or even flinch a little where they never did before.  I can't handle sensuous touch or body language at all just now.  Within the last week or so (since I got a call from my mother indicating that she's moving forward with her plans to remove my father) I've even begun to get knots of fear in my stomach every time my boyfriend kisses me.  I've not said anything to him about it because I already feel like a deeply horrid person for what I'm putting him through.  I feel it would be an especially cruel thing for me to tell him that he can't kiss me now anymore either.  He's been extraordinarily patient and supportive (he's the one who pointed this community out to me), but I can't stop thinking that this all *has* to be torturing him and that sooner or later he's going to get fed up and leave. Rationally, I know none of this is even slightly true - and that THAT'S the decisive difference between "now" and "then", and I've been really open with him about this fear (he always gently dismisses it), but I still can't shut it down.  My brain just won't have it.  I could keep myself and all of you awake for days with this stuff, but for now I'd just really like to know if anyone has good tips/recommended resources for how to work through these sorts of things?  How does everyone here manage close relationships through the tempest of emotion and memory?  What can either or both of us do (apart from the obvious things like "find a therapist") to better work together on this?  How does one navigate the minefield of unfounded terror, rage, brokenness, guilt, shame, self-gaslighting (feeling as though I'm really just batshit crazy, and that none of this is valid), etc. without inadvertently shoving the one person away who's ultimately most capable of helping to repair it all?Many thanks in advance, and also apologies for the stupidly long post.
I've been considering telling my family (mom/dad/sis) about the fact that I've been going to therapy. I've never told them about the abuse I suffered, and right now I don't plan to. Actually, I don't really know what I'm gonna say (if anything). But I'm worried it will break my mom's heart to tell her I'm dealing with something painful enough that I need to talk to a professional. I'm worried my dad won't take it seriously. I'm worried my sister will be weird about it. I just have no idea what would happen. I feel like my family doesn't really know me at all, even though they love me. They barely know what I've been through, how can they know me? I'm 24, live in a different state than my parent and sister, and even though i have a wonderful SO and friends I feel so lonely sometimes. I guess I think telling them about it might make me feel closer to them.How did you decided to tell your family, or what made you decide not to tell them? What was their reaction? If you're willing to share, I'd really appreciate it. Thanks for reading/commenting. 
I have to take a deep breath before I even start this.  My heart is pounding in my chest and I am more afraid than that one time I got chased by a dinosaur (excuse the humor, it's either joke or cry).  This may be a long post so please bear with me.  For many years I have struggled with issues stemming from my father's abusive behavior during my childhood.  When I first stumbled upon this sub I told myself I chose to not post because my problems seemed so small in comparison to some of the stories I have read.  Now I realize that I was scared.  I am tired of being afraid.A little background on my father: He was raised in an abusive home and joined the military at 18.  He served in the Army for four years and in that time became so proficient in martial arts that he was an instructor when he first left the military.  Keep that in mind when you read what I am about to tell you.  I struggle with depression and anger on an almost weekly basis.  On occasion I find myself acting like my father, even if it is just a small part of his personality, and have even been told by others that I act like him in many ways.  This instills in me a mind-numbing terror that I have not experienced since the last time he raised his hand to me.  I have a wife and a daughter who is about to turn two years old.  I love my family with all of my heart and I would never forgive myself if I did anything to hurt them.  I realize that much of my father's abusive behavior was learned from his father and that there is a very real possibility that some of those tendencies exist inside of me.Okay here we go.  When I was three I witnessed the first of my father's abuse.  My mother (whom I love dearly) was trying to take my brother and I to the YMCA as we usually did on Wednesdays.  My father did not like the idea.  They argued and he got violent.  It ended when he dragged her up a flight of stairs by her hair and slammed their bedroom door.  I still cannot get my mother to talk about it to this day.  After that my brother and I lived with my mother for a couple of years but she had very little money and her house was small and a bit run down.  After a custody battle of nearly three years my father paid his lawyer to make a sizable donation to the Judge's reelection campaign and that was that.  My brother and I were sent to live with my father in spite of the police record of his repeated violence against my mother.  For the first couple of years it was great; I'm assuming some fucked up moral code prevented him from beating on children under five... because that's the type of person he is.  After that he became emotionally, physically, mentally, and verbally abusive in a vast and colorful variety of ways.  He remarried to a woman who would also physically and mentally abuse me, sometimes they would act as a team.  Her daughter (who was 20) use to beat the crap out of me so badly that I would go to school with bruises covering my back and chest.  Of course my stepmother did nothing to stop this and simply brushed it off.  My father would call me a pussy for getting beat up by a girl and do nothing.  After a few more years of this, they were divorced and went their separate ways.  This is when the abuse truly began to escalate.  I don't know if it was his depression and anger due to the divorce that triggered it or me getting older but either way he began to hit, kick, punch, and throw things at me for the smallest of infractions.  On numerous occasions he hurt me so bad that I would have trouble walking or even sleeping because my body was covered in bruises.  My brother was the victim of abuse as well, though on a much smaller scale.  He was always the golden child, the smart one, the one that got good grades, the one who obeyed unquestioningly.  I was not.  This continued for many many years and I will not bore you with the small details but instead leave you with a list of some of the things he did to me.  I cannot bring myself to describe them in more detail so please do not ask.  There was the usual kicking, hitting, punching, kneeing and throwing things but he liked to get creative, too.  Being thrown out of a window, having my head slammed in a freezer door, being tossed out of a moving car, and taking a heel kick in the stomach while sleeping were some of the best.  Once again, please excuse the sarcasm... it is something of a coping method for me.When I was 14 my brother moved out of the house and the abuse got even worse.  This was also when my father decided to start kicking me out of the house on a semi-regular basis.  I found myself sleeping on park benches in the middle of the winter, begging for change on the street to eat, and stealing just to survive.  This is also when my father told me that I was old enough to "Get beat like a real man."  I will leave it to you to imagine what that meant as I do not have the courage to go into any more detail.  This is also when I turned to drugs and alcohol as a coping mechanism.  As a result, my grades suffered and the abuse got even worse.  I would get beat for not doing my homework, for getting under a B, for not going to school, for not doing the dishes, for not cleaning my room, for not wiping a spot of fucking toothpaste off of the bathroom counter.  Once he found my pipe and beat me so bad that I'm nearly positive he fractured my arm and then one of my fingers when I tried to block the punches.One night he caught me sniffing Elmer's glue with a friend and punched me over two dozen times in the exact same spot on my arm with a pair of thick steel rings on his fingers.  He hit me so hard he bent the rings and had to use pliers to get them off.  The damage was so bad that my upper arm turned black and began to spiderweb down my arm.  My mother saw this and immediately called the police.  They did nothing.  Another time I got a bad grade in school and told my teachers that I was afraid he was going to beat me.  They did nothing.  A third incident involved a counselor that I was court ordered to see.  I confided in him about the abuse and he immediately turned around and told my father.  That was not a fun night and it completely destroyed any trust I may have once had in counselors and shrinks.  The abuse continued until I permanently left at 20.  A couple of years later I tried to reconcile with my father and he offered to let me rent an apartment in the house he owned (for a ridiculous amount, of course) and being young and stupid I accepted.  This was when I met my wife and if I had never lived there I would never have met her - so for that I am thankful to him.  Needless to say that did not last long and ended with him kicking me out, then a few days later, my wife.  I suppose it is telling that the reason I broke contact is because he fucked with the woman I loved and not because of the years of abuse. I have not spoken to him now in almost five years.  He has tried to make contact numerous times and I have ignored every attempt.  We saw each other at my brother's birthday party, he tried to talk to me and I looked at him like he was insane and walked away.  That was the only time he has ever seen his granddaughter and I know it is petty and cruel but I derive INTENSE satisfaction in knowing that he will never hold her or even be near her.This is already a massive post so I'll wrap it up now.  Now that my daughter is getting to the age that she can be positively and or negatively effected by her environment I am so terrified that I will become him.  That despite my best efforts I will become the rage fueled, jaded, abusive asshole that my father was.  It is so bad sometimes that I can't even bring myself to hold my daughter because I'm afraid I'm going to snap and go insane like some kind of rabid dog.  Logically I know this will not happen but rarely are our fears logical.  This has already begun to effect my wife and I's relationship in a negative way because she feels like I don't help enough.  I find myself closing off my emotions to anyone I care about because I'm afraid of the Rage Genes inside of me.  Yet despite knowing the cause I cannot bring myself to tell her the true extent of what my young life was like.  She knows I was abused but it was so incredibly hard for me to even tell her that, let alone go into details.Please Survivors... am I being overly cautious?  Is this a valid fear?  Am I going to become like him?TL;DR - Father was abusive to me for over 15 years, now that I have a wife and daughter I am afraid I am going to become like him.       
Please see [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1wvj1j/what_bad_thing_have_you_done_that_you_want_or/) for more details.  
So a little bit of back story. I grew up in a very verbally, physically, and sexually abusive household from the age of about 3 to 8 years old. After that I went to live with my Grandparents. My brother's father who was married to my mother at the time made my life a living hell. I won't go into too much detail but I suffered pretty much every type of abuse imaginable during those 5 years.This abuse has made it really difficult for me to connect completely with my husband. We have been together since we were 15 years old. Married for over 4 years and together for over 11. So our relationship is really strong despite all of the hangups I have had over this past abuse. The sexual abuse is what has really hindered us. He hasn't been upset over the lack of intimacy because we are intimate in other ways. I just can't bring myself to have intercourse very often. We weren't intimate like that until a year into our marriage and since our marriage 4 years ago it has only happened like 3 other times.Well we were recently iced in due to the crazy snow storm that just hit the South. That left us with 3 days of really learning how to reconnect with each other. We have done more talking and opening up about past issues than we ever have. I feel so alive. I finally feel free. I feel like a human being with feelings for the first time in my life, instead of an object. It is an amazing feeling. I have held this burden of abuse for going on 24 years now and it has been a rough road. Today I finally can say I am free and can finally begin to work on bringing myself closer to my husband in all aspects of a marriage! I just really wanted to share this because this is such an amazing thing that I never thought would happen. I never thought I would reach this point!**TL;DR: I was abused emotionally, physically, and sexually for a period of 5 years from a very young age. Sexual abuse led to some issues with intimacy but never caused a problem in marriage. Today finally worked through all my issues with my husband and feel free for the first time ever.**
I really don't know how to write this but after reading other peoples stories it's given me some courage to try. My story is pretty average and pretty strange, I think that's how everyone feels about their abuse and the circus that surrounds it. I was sexually abused by my step father from the age of 6 until my mid teens. A lot of memory suppression means I don't have an exact time line but well the ball parks enough. I was made to feel very special and loved, with the abuse starting from a medical reason for him to touch me to a routine whenever my mum wasn't around. I was spoilt into to silence and being a pragmatic child whose self preservation kicked in, I went along with it all and let the cycle carry on. As I got to the age where I was more independent and spending more time with my friends it stopped though the gifts and spoiling continued so I carried on with my life like nothing happened. Then when a year before I went to university he had an affair and sent my whole family into a tail spin. Him and my mum reconciled but he never moved back in. Over the next ten years he would just visit my mum and brother whenever he felt like gracing them with his presence. It destroyed my mums relationships with he brother and mum because they didn't want her to take him back. Due to my mums own shame issues stemming from her spilt with my real dad she's tried to just keep everyone happy and sacrificed her own to keep it all together. Back to my story, I left for uni and so began the hard part. Being away from home for the first time and having all the freedom in the world meant that the realisation of what happened to me come crashing down around me and I spiralled into a few years of destructive drinking and promiscuity. After realising that I was in fact abused, the horror of what would happen if anyone knew ate me alive. Protecting my mum and brother from ever knowing how much of a monster he really is became my life's mission. I was prepared to martyr myself and sanity to make sure they never found out. I've gone months without speaking to my family because I can't bear and made myself out to be a selfish, thoughtless person who just looks out for herself. It was far from the case though, I'm incredibly lucky to have found my soulmate someone who was willing to help me keep my secret even though he paid the price for the way it made me behave. He understood why I had to keep it secret and has to this day been the only person who really understands how damaged I am by this. To the outside world, I'm a bit odd maybe a bit histrionic at times but nothing about screams what I've been through and so to meet me and know me finding out is a massive shock. So after a pretty self destructive few years I settled down with my partner and started to build a life together. We make each other truly happy and complete but the depression and anxiety I have has meant it's not always been easy and I have more bad days than good. Still I was resigned to never breathing a word to anyone else. Everytime my stepfather was thoughtless or controlling or just generally keeping my mum in a miserable half life I would get so angry and want to tell but the sheer idea would send me into hysterics, so I would cry it out and get on with things. Then just over a year ago at my stepbrothers birthday, after a few too many wines I had words with my dad. My relationship with my dad is nice but blighted by his failings coupled with some abandonment issues (my daddy issues are something else) so him assuming drugs were the cause for my irrational behaviour over the years, fuelled by alcohol I blurted it all out. And he was amazing, he has done everything I wanted since that second, he kept my secret for me. My stepmother and uncle also found out that night but all they have done is be there for me. Once they understood why I am the way I am they've forgiven me and I think it helps them. So on I went with the added strength of having my dad in my corner I was once again able to resume my secret keeping. Until April last year, my grandmother wanted to take us on holiday, my mum, brother, me and my boyfriend. Of course after the affair my stepfather wouldn't be coming. We went to to turkey for an all inclusive holiday and proceeded to have a great time. The third night came along and we were all drinking a lot, grandma went to bed and the rest of us had a dance at the disco. Drunk is the only word for us. Then all hell broke loose, I can't remember how or why but it all came out that night. There were hysterics and a fight between my brother and boyfriend, security and screaming but by the next day my life had blown apart. My boyfriend told my brother that's that main thing and it went from there. We then had four days left to digest and then we went home. I contacted my stepfather and told him to leave us alone and other than financial texts with my mum we have had no contact. I'm now in therapy and working towards being able to go to the police. I also have to be the rock in my family like I have been since the affair. The thing is it's nearly a year later and I'm crumbling, all the memories I suppressed are flooding me and everything is a trigger. Operation yew tree really doesn't help. And I resent my boyfriend for taking my choice away. I'm happy they know it's amazing to be honest, no one of a second doubted me, other than my mum for about the first hour of shock. But where do I go from here, I see someone once a a week and after 6 months plus I can't say what he did to me in any detail. At the time it was happening it wasn't a frightening time, I didn't live in fear or feel horrible or dirty, I just didn't feel anything. We did it and went back to life and then I get bought something or be allowed to do something I wouldn't ordinarily. I did feel like I was benefiting, I really didn't feel anything just that no one could know. It's only now that I'm free to think and free of the shackles of the secret can I truly see what he did. I realised at 18 I was abused but it's taken until now for me to understand the magnitude of it. And I've always just gone on, I have all the hang ups and self loathing. The angry defensive passive aggressive hate filled side. I've tried to destroy myself, I've done a good job of screwing up some perfectly lovely men and I can't remember what it feels like to not feel alone. My counsellor has helped me see that despite my also histrionic emotions I never let myself feel anything. I blanket it all with a reason that's accessible, I can be more upset about my boyfriend playing cricket than I can be about this. I've written all this down and I don't even know why now, I just really want to hear from people who know exactly how I feel and it's really hard to find them. I wish there was an AA for survivors so you can just go and share with people who get exactly where you've been. I can't handle the idea of people thinking of be being abused, at the moment my flashbacks are like I'm walking in and watching and seeing for the first time how truly bad that was rather than the indifference and compliance I felt back then. I just really don't know how to move forward from here, my goal is the police but I feel at an impasse. Thanks for reading, I've never shared like this before and just the writing is calming.
The Princess who believed in Fairy Tales. Seriously, this book will help you make peace with your past, and yourself.  I read it this past weekend and it made me realize how I have always waited to be rescued... always thinking I would find the person.. the relationship...to save me... to make me feel good enough. If this sounds like you.... get the book and read it. 
Hello friends,I am 22 have recently met a man with whom I am beginning my very first relationship. Mostly I feel happy about it, but inside I am battling my anxiety and fear of intimacy (due to childhood sexual and emotional abuse) right now I'm feeling awful and I'm not sure what to do. I would appreciate some help.On New Years Eve I met a really lovely and interesting guy. I thought he was physically attractive straight away and I was hoping he would come and talk to me. Finally we got the chance to talk and he turned out to be genuinely kind and funny. We swapped numbers and agreed to meet for drinks a week later.Since then we have been on two dates. On the first one there was no physical intimacy at all; no hand-holding, no hugs. On the second we both made our feelings a little clearer and we held hands and hugged frequently. He said that he really liked me and that he would like to continue to go out with me. I agreed and for the most part I was very happy. But whenever I spend time with him, my mind swings between being happy and comfortable to being terrified and out of control.I will be okay holding hands one moment, then a few minutes later the idea repulses me. I was terrified through both dates that he would try to kiss me. I got the very strong feeling that he wanted to and I felt guilty for not being able to do it. The idea of kissing would send me into a near anxiety-attack. Inside my head I was freaking out.At the end of the second date we finally kissed. Just a small one. I couldn't bear to do anything more. At first I felt nothing. No joy or happiness, but no disgust either. But almost immediately, I became overwhelmed with horrible feelings. I feel disgusting, dirty, anxious and totally out of control.It's been 3 days since then and I cannot get it out of my head. I am excited when he texts me and I am looking forward to seeing him again. But the other part of me is terrified. When I'm feeling bad I can't even look at photos of him without feeling sick. I can't bare to think too much about our last two dates because it brings on the anxiety all over again. There's a small part of me that wants to just cancel everything, break up with him and hide alone in my house. I feel ashamed because I have been working in therapy for years now so I could be in a fulfilling relationship. I want to experience love. I want to explore this relationship to see where it goes. I want to be 'normal'.Even when he's not around I'm always thinking "What if he wants me to have sex with him? What if he wants to kiss me again, or worse, kiss for longer? What if these bad feelings never go away?"I'm feeling scared right now, and my head feels all mixed up. Please if anyone has any suggestions about how to work through this, I would really like to hear them.Much love.
I really just need to get this off of my chest and sorry for ranting.  I've been estranged from my alcoholic and verbally/emotionally abusive mother for the past 8.5 years, in which time I have been through therapy and also met the love of my life.  While my wife and I have met mother and my awesome and completely too-good-for-her father a few times I finally felt it was time for them to meet my inlaws of 4 years.  Understandably there was some tension in the air.Fast forward to tonight.  4 hours before dinner my mother told me she was concerned and didn't want to come to dinner because we would all view her as the monster in the room.  After telling her she needed to make up her mind she did come, but I could smell the alcohol before she even got out of the car.  She needed my fathers help to walk straight, continued to drink to the point that she couldn't remember my mother-in-laws name, and proceeded to fall asleep at the dinner table.  It really felt like she had betrayed me in telling me that she was trying to get better and wanted a fresh start.  My in-laws are mortified, my father is beyond pissed, I never want to see her again and am pretty sure she is not even going to remember tonight.Is it wrong of me to tell her that she is not allowed in my house again until she can prove that she has gone to AA and has gotten professional help?  I really wanted a fresh start and thought she did too, but apparently I've been duped...
http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/rethinking-psychology/201202/the-punishing-personality-typeThis describes my ex. In addition to being narcissistic, histrionic, and high conflict. We were only together 8 months, I got out but I took severe damage.
To say these words, "I was abused as a child", is both a relief and a shock. Recently, I had a wash-up of my teenage years and realized that they were in fact not normal. I am 25 years old and I have covered up, ran away from, and buried my painful past so well that I have a difficult time even remembering it.    I want to make this post to validate these memories that I have long pushed aside. It all began when my big sister moved out (I faintly recall an abusive couple of rough years for her too, but was too young at the time to comprehend the situation - we are 10 years apart). I love my mother. But she is a manipulative and emotionally abusive person. The clear physical abuse began around 12, I suffered what I now realize was emotional abuse from her my whole childhood...and later from my father as well. My mother was always the type that you would walk on eggshells by because if something went wrong, not according to plan, a way she didn't like - she would completely change. Shouting (even to empty rooms), throwing things, slamming things, and name-calling would ensue for hours after. As I got older I remember having replies to these hurtful words being spat at me which would cause her to literally chase me around the house, room to room, while I tried to get away so she didn't hurt me. I would run into a room and slam the door, lock it, and hold the lock with my thumb until it was white and support the door with my whole body. She would beat the door while screaming profanities until she popped the lock and plowed towards me. I always had to lie at school about the busted lips.       Every door in my childhood home had holes in the doors. I have so many hazy memories of her hurtful screaming words penetrating my skin as she followed me around the house when I tried to escape them. I would bawl and resort to screaming wildly, begging her to stop, and then growing almost feral in my desperation to escape her.    I have difficulty remembering exact details and reasons that this type of situation would arise but I do recall when it had been going on for years to the point that my dad started joining in. This made the fight even more skewed away from my favor - one time I called the cops when my mothers hysterics drew my otherwise calm father to choking me against a wall after they broke into my room (I had ran away from them multiple times, trying to get away). My mother lied to the cops and I was convinced I had a good life and would be stupid to mess it up - I lied too. In all honesty, I did have a good life. I went to a decent school in suburbia, had friends, a boyfriend, I even danced and cheered. I seemed happy and well adjusted to anyone who knew me at the time.     I seemed "normal" until I just broke. One particularly bad night when I was 16 or 17, things got completely out of hand. I do not know what the cause of this particular night was and have difficultly remembering details. I do, however, remember being sweaty and shaking after running around the home for what felt like hours from my parents, she was livid about something. Chasing me from room to room, wildly grabbing at any body part she could as I wiggled and flailed violently to get away. Finally, I was exhausted and ran into the kitchen. I remember cowering behind the stove, at a face off with my mother on the other side of the kitchen island - begging her to please stop. I had run out of places to go, I was trapped with nowhere to escape but outside into the rain. She continued and I grabbed a kitchen knife. I do not know what I said, but I remember wildly waving it above my head with shaking hands, begging her to leave me alone.  She suddenly acted shocked, apparently I had taken it too far.     With regret and shame - I ran outside with bare feet during a cold rainy November night (dramatic, I know...almost sad/funny looking back) into my suburban neighborhood just to get away. I ran and ran past the houses to a small wooded area between homes where I stopped and just sobbed.      My mother came looking for me in her car. I got in. My dad had called the police. They asked me if I wanted to kill my parents. I said no, I wanted to kill myself.    I got sent to a mental health hospital to get over my depression. My parents treated me like I was love sick over a boyfriend but that wasn't what made me snap. They were supportive in the only way they knew how - my mom got me out in three days because our family was “too good for such a thing”. I told friends at school I was sick. They thought it was weird I hadn't answered their texts but I avoided it.    After I went to college, I was able to reflect a bit more on how negative my home life was. My big sister and I were able to share experiences with each other and gripe about our horrible mom together. However, oddly enough - our family generally acts like everything is fine. Until very recently, my mother would vehemently deny such accusations, while my father, sister, and I were able to begin reflection on these family suppressed memories. It is like they were all packed neatly into boxes and shoved into the attic.     So, here I am. Understanding more about why I feel the way I feel sometimes, because theres been something locked up for a while. And it feels good to let it breathe.
I need to get this off my chest. I'm in therapy, I have been for a long time with some great people helping me and my spouse is incredibly supportive, but I've never reached out to other people who could directly relate to my story. I'm sorry it's a bit long but if anything about my story resounds with yours and you'd like to talk about it in a positive, healing discussion then please feel free to comment or PM. I'm in my first year attending one of the best PhD programs in my field and, as if that weren't stressful enough, I'm having trouble keeping things together this year with my mother e-mailing me around the holidays.  My mother, from the time when I was a little girl to when I ran away from home just after my eighteenth birthday, has been an incredibly destructive force in my life. She alienated me from her family, changed our names after her divorce so that my father's family would not be able to contact us which resulted in my never meeting my aunt and meeting my ailing paternal grandmother just once before she passed on, moved us to a rural area that made it impossible for me to interact with friends without her explicit permission and generally made life difficult until I moved out when I turned 18.She is a terribly complex, unhappy person who has, throughout my entire life, spent her time bouncing from job to job, from church to church and from friend group to friend group until the entire community rejected her as an unpredictable nutcase. I know very little about her background between the beginning of her graduate schooling and the point 15 years later that she began living in my hometown. Her former husband (my step-father) believes strongly that she was an intelligence operative in the CIA and is suffering from PTSD despite the lack of any objective evidence. I know that she has repeatedly concocted insane stories to make me look like a little shit or escape from some type of responsibility so I think her story is a cover for her severe mental illness. I'm not close enough to her parents to ask their opinion -- she ruined my relationship with them quite a long time ago by convincing them that I'm a heartless, cunning atheist who told lies about being abused. It breaks my heart that, to this day, they believe her stories despite seeing so much evidence of her insanity since she moved to their town and despite seeing that I have led a successful career in which I devote an extraordinarily large amount of time to assisting and mentoring disadvantaged students and ensuring that my research directly addresses the growing resource needs of humanity in a compassionate way. I love many things about people and, despite how poorly I've been treated by my own family, I continue to believe that we're a species worth fighting for. This belief is sometimes the thing that keeps me going day-to-day. That my family can't see this about me and instead continues to believe that I wrongfully abandoned my mother is probably the issue I grapple with most often.The memories of my childhood mostly consist of flashbacks of negative experiences, various incidents in which I was belittled, my judgment and needs questioned and explained as inappropriate or inconsequential compared to those of my mother, my self-image maligned and my goals and aspirations ridiculed. She constantly attempted to rework my identity into something she approved of and, to this day, I still have trouble discerning "Is this a hobby/career which I actually enjoy or something which was forced upon me when I was young?" or "Is this an appropriate judgment to make about this person or has my mother's paranoia taught me an inappropriate response which I need to analyze and potentially discard?". Thank goodness I have always been a perceptive person with innate emotional intelligence otherwise I think I would have committed suicide long ago after growing weary of these difficult internal discussions. The details of the experiences aren't important as, unfortunately, I'm sure many of you understand the themes very well. Being screamed at often and having my school reports or projects edited against my will were frequent experiences. So was being forced to dress up in the same outfits my mother would wear and being hit with a hair brush if I failed to comply. Having privileges taken away unjustly for expressing rational dissent was also common -- this rigmarole was my mother's preferred method of ensuring I never interacted with new children whom I wanted to befriend but whose parents she didn't trust. The lowest moment of my existence was attending some type of D.A.R.E. class when I was in middle school which also touched on warning signs of abuse at home, innocently telling my mother after the class that I thought I was being abused based on what the teachers told us and, in response, being whacked across the head and arms as she said "No, this is abuse". My mother could never take any criticism or be held accountable for any of her actions. Enemies were everywhere and, ultimately, I became an enemy "possessed by the devil" for defying her. So, fast forward to today. I eschew any form of contact with my mother and accept that she should play absolutely no role in my life. The only exception is keeping her e-mail address unblocked in case of emergency, something I'm reconsidering now that she lives with her family and there's nothing I could/would do anyway short of sending flowers to someone's funeral. Over the last couple of months, she has been e-mailing me pictures of her and the rest of the family at birthday or holiday dinners and "wishing me well". I think this is grand standing rather than something signaling positive change since she cc's everyone else in the family and always angles for a reply from me. Today, she asked for my address so she will know where to send holiday and birthday gifts. She's been upset over the past few years that I would not give her my home address. (My spouse and I had to kick her out of our apartment complex after she refused to leave, our last major interaction with her. She has an obsession with cleaning which she uses to access the private areas of people's homes and wouldn't stop trying to pick up things in our bedroom and closets! Growing up, I would often come home to face punishment after one of her infamous cleaning sessions to see my private journal sprawled out and obviously read or political books I had hidden laid out on my desk. And yes, for those of you wondering, she was a rabid conservative and fundamentalist Christian who would not let me read John Kerry's biography openly or other "objectionable" material.)This act with holiday gifts is something that has always confused me a bit but I chalk it up to her need to appear to be a good parent. I say this because my spouse and I tried for nearly two years to have limited, structured contact with her and, despite everything we did with the guidance of my therapist, she NEVER changed. She would always say something terribly fucked up about the past near the end of a meal i.e. "It's good you finally realized you were wrong about me -- I'm glad you see what happened and have moved past it so that we can get together more often!" or "It's good that your father died so that he can't influence you -- I see his genes there but I made sure you wouldn't be like [father's name], haha!".  I hate doing this but I think it's time to block the e-mails. I think they're the last remnant of poison of which I need to rid myself. It's clear that other members of my family do not want to have a relationship with me if I cannot force myself to have a relationship with my abusive mother and, without judging them for their failure to understand the situation as well as I do, I know that I cannot continue subjecting myself to her. What I can't figure it is whether I should send one last e-mail detailing why I do not want to interact with her or I should just block the address and delete the recent e-mails. It's so painful to be excluded from the "normal" activities I want to be a part of so badly but the risk of becoming depressed and being abused again are not worth the trouble. Man, this was hard to write but it feels good to click "submit" and not be alone with these thoughts any longer. I need to focus on my work now, on continuing to become the positive mentor I wish to be for others in my field and on continuing to be a supportive spouse and a good caretaker for my dog. These are the roles I should spend time on, not on continuing to be a victim of a very sad person with a tragic life which, in all probability, will never resolve harmoniously.  Thank you for your thoughts. 
I went through childhood neglect and sexual abuse for several years. I've been through a lot of therapy and thought I was getting better but something just came up and it's making me feel really small and terrible. It's upsetting when people do or say nice things. Especially when it wasn't asked for an completely unexpected. It's actually really triggering? And I don't know how to respond and I'd rather just be hurt or hurt myself. I don't know why I'm letting this get to me, but it's really getting to me. Is anyone else like this? 
Here is a link to my daughters newest poems.  Being able to write poetry has helped her so much in letting out her emotions as she goes through things and separations that she should not have too.  http://sheenaodin.blogspot.ca/2013/11/poems-by-my-daughter-family-tears-life.html
Hi all, I am a volunteer with YesIcan.org (International Child Advocacy Network) and they offer a large schedule of online support groups for survivors run by trained facilitators. They also offer information about other resources that may be useful for you.The website is functional, but in transition. It is important to note that you are able to join groups with titles that do not apply to you. For example, you can go on the Incest Survivors group even if you did not have that experience, as long as anyone with that experience is allowed to go first.  I hope this is helpful for some of you, please come check it out!
Disclaimer:  I have trauma-induced amnesia from this.  Most of this story (before 5 years old) comes out of family testimony and deduction.  The reason I'm sharing this is to share hope. My biological mother was confirmed to have neglected me until I was adopted to the age of five.  My father was in the Navy at the time, and was deployed for much of the time (nobody is blaming him, besides for being an idiot for marrying her in the first place.  Even he regrets it now).  It has caused a number of issues throughout my life, including depression, social awkwardness, and even a speech impediment (at five, I talked like a two year old.  This trend continued into my teens).  I have a record from my state's CPS.  One time, she called an exorcism.  Another, she locked me (remember, I'm a toddler) out of the house for hours because I was crying too much.  There are no confirmed reports of physical abuse.  However, I have a number of very large scars on my back that I've had all my life.  Too large to not have a memory about.  They're also very clean, as if they came from a knife.  Most of my family and I deduced it came from her.I have yet to forgive her.  I was finally rescued from this at the age of 4 or 5.  My dad's sister (My aunt, though I call her Mom) and her adult daughter (I will refer to her as my sister) took me in.  My sister didn't live with us, so it was just me and my Mom.  Even to this day, my Dad and I keep in contact.  I don't blame him whatsoever.  Before I continue, I want to make the disclaimer that she is long forgiven and I love her a lot.  I lived with her for nearly a decade (from 4-5 years old to 13).  During that time, she developed a gambling addiction.  I became a latchkey child and was alone for what seemed like most nights.  Because of my social awkwardness and poor communication skills, I was constantly bullied throughout school.  I practically had to raise myself.  During this time, my sister got married and had a child.  They moved out of state.  At the end of my time with my Mom, she had ran out of money and was unable to take care of me.  I moved in with my sister and her family.Imagine a 13 year old going from practically living alone to living with a full family.  My depression got worse and worse, but everyone attributed it to "teenage angst." Honestly, I don't think they really knew me and they weren't sure what to think.  Despite this, my life got better.  I gained very close friends and they helped me through.  Of course, High School had its ups and downs.  I was able to manage my depression through the friends that were always there for me.  I now have a college degree and I'm with a great girl (that I know won't abuse our children).  We've been together for almost four years.  I'm on track to become a police officer.  The whole point of this is to not be sob story.  I'm over what happened to me and (obviously) free to talk about it.  This isn't even a throwaway.  I went through a lot, and came out just fine.  For all those who think they're forever messed up because of what happened to them, there's always a way to get through and break into a better life.  I still have my scars.  But I've learned to accept them.  I'm a survivor.  
From the outside we looked perfect most of the time, and normal at any other. My dad ran our store, and everyone was his friend, people always said how nice he was, what a great father he was. My mother always volunteered at school, had a close circle of friends, was very organized and personable. I was the smart kid, good grades, never did anything wrong, both my younger brothers were athletes and talented for their age. To everyone who saw us, we had a great life. Truth is, they couldn't have been more wrong, from 3rd grade onward(this was when my school started using numerical grades) if I got anything less than perfect I was beaten. Thrown against walls, choked, punched. To visualize, my father is 6'3" 250lb built like a linebacker, and I was tall and very thin, probably 60lbs in 3rd grade. He tortured me, told me I was a stupid piece if shit, was worthless, a waste of space. My mother would stand there and watch, edging him on, and when he was done she would come over and tell me it was my fault I deserved it. This went on for ten years, I made sure to jump in if my brothers were under attack, hit my asshole father as hard as I could, put myself between them, tell them to run. I almost died a few times, passed out and didn't wake up for a while, but no one suspected a thing. He was careful where he hit me, leaving no marks that you could see. I finally snapped 6 months ago, about a week before I left for college. I pulled a knife on him, a big one probably 5 inches long, and razor sharp. He pulled his gun on me and we stood there for what felt like hours, but was probably only a few seconds. My brother screams and my father lowers the gun for a second as he turns to look, and I bolted, knocked the gun from his hand and put my knife on his neck, applying pressure, enough to barely cut him. I told him that if he ever touches anyone else I would kill him and make sure they never find the body. I looked him in the eyes and promised him that I would be back if he ever did. I left that day and never went back, stayed with my girlfriend for that last week. She supported me all the way through, helped piece me back together and 10 years of crippling abuse. I have trouble trusting people or even being startled, I immediately go into a defensive mode and tense up. It took months for her to even be able to hug me without me flinching. I swore on everything that I will never be like him, for her. She is the first person I've really gotten close to, and I am thankful for her. My mother tried I interfere, to break us up, make me miserable again, but she failed. I don't talk to either of my parents anymore, I make sure my brothers are ok, and I count myself lucky to be alive. Ive been diagnosed with PTSD and have recurring nightmares where i relieve it all, and i can feel every blow as if it were real. I wanted to kill myself multiple times, just to make it over. He stole my childhood from me, took away my ability to trust people for the next ten years. I haven't spoken to him in a while and the last thing I said to him, I said with a knife in my hands and hate in my eyes. "You ever lay a hand on any of them, and I will make sure they don't ever find your body". I regret saying it, but I meant it and still do mean it, my brothers deserve a chance at a relatively normal life, the life ill never get, and I will make sure he doesn't take it away from them.
A place to seek or share coping strategies, resources, art, music, videos, and other survivor tools. Strategies shared here will directly address ways to manage trauma symptoms like flashbacks, hypervigilance, insomnia, anxiety, and other types of triggers. Check it out and share :) reddit.com/r/traumatoolbox
OK everyone. My daughter is turning 15 on Monday(18). She is the one that wrote those inspiring poems called "Why Did You Abuse me?")about her grandmother and fathers abuse) and "You Don't Know Me?"(about school bullying). She has been through so much. It is time we show her just how many people love her and support her. I am looking for messages to add to her birthday blog post that I will be posting on Monday. No worries, I never post names. Just the messages. Messages of love and support, message wishing her a happy b-day, messages thanking her for her poems and supporting her in her writing. Things like that. She feels very alone when she is not here. So I am hoping to get tons of supportive messages for her page. You can post them here. Lets show this incredible young lady how much we appreciate the voice she is giving to other kids/teens and how much she is loved and appreciated.
I've wanted to write this for a while, but I've never felt stable enough. Today I've finally written it, and I want to share it here in the hope it might help someone... (worth noting, I am in the UK)Sexual abuse is arguably one of the most damaging things a person can do to another. You are left with lifelong scars that no one else can see, and sometimes you are left to suffer in silence. It makes you question who you are, and who you trust. I spent many years of my childhood being sexually abused, and kept it quiet for a long time. In fact I didn’t ever tell anyone, my mother found out by looking through my phone. Initially I was abused by a family member, which I think left me very suggestible and needing to be “wanted” by someone. Around the age of 9 I was groomed in an online forum by a man in my local area. He was much older than me, and claimed to be in love with me. I thought he was telling the truth, and I thought I loved him too. Looking back now I realise he was using me, but at the time I truly believed we were meant to be. I feel somewhat that he brain washed me, he twisted me round his little finger with threats of self-harm and suicide if I didn’t comply with what we wanted. The abuse, both online and in person, went on for several years. Now, four years later and still in the middle of fighting to send the man to prison, I feel very differently about the whole situation. At the time I didn’t want to speak to the police, I loved him and I felt I was betraying him but a few years later I decided I wanted to make a new statement. Not for myself, but to protect other people (including the children he now has). I think a lot of people don’t realise you can reopen a case years after you declined to give a statement, although it might be more difficult to get a prosecution due to lack of physical evidence, if you feel you would like closure it is something you might want to consider. It’s also worth remembering that you can give something called a “victim impact statement” which is where you give details of how the abuse has affected you. This can be backed up by medical reports of mental health problems such as flashbacks, PTSD and depression. If the case goes to court this statement will be heard, along with all other evidence. Some people may never feel like they want to involve the law or fight for a prosecution, and that’s okay too. Don’t let anyone try to force you to give a statement if you aren’t ready or don’t want to. You should never be afraid of contacting the police though; they will protect you and offer you as much support as possible. My general experience with the police on this case has been quite positive, although it can be quite daunting telling someone what has happened to you so it’s important to make sure you have lots of support around you before you give a statement and while the case is ongoing. Your mental health can be affected by abuse quite severely, and I think it is important to seek mental health support if you have been abused. You might want therapy, and there are specialized therapists trained in supporting people who have been sexually abused. Some local authorities do not offer this specific therapy, so you may have to pay for it privately. All mental health trusts will offer some form of therapy though, and the first port of call is seeing your GP and talking about what you need in terms of support. You may not feel ready to talk about your abuse in therapy sessions, but you can still get other forms of support to help with depression or PTSD caused by the abuse. Medication and coping mechanisms can be put in place to lessen your symptoms if you feel that would help. Again, seeing your GP would be a good place to start. Along with professional support it’s good to have personal support around you. Confide in a few trusted friends or family members if you feel you can, you don’t need to tell them all the details but it can help to have people around you that you can turn to on the bad days. Let them know what would help you when you’re struggling,  maybe it’d just be a hug or a shoulder to cry on or maybe there is more they could do like take you for coffee to take your mind of things. If you suffer from panic attacks or flashbacks it might be helpful to write a crisis plan. This is a plan of how someone can help you in the situation, and you could share it with the people likely to be around (for example you’re tutors at college, or your family at home). The plan might include breathing exercises, a person to contact and other ways to help you overcome a panic attack or flashback. You don’t have to suffer sexual abuse in silence; there are people out there to support you. Be brave and make the first step of reaching out to someone. There will always be someone who can help, it might seem scary but in the long run things will be much better for you. Stay strong. 
I have horrible anger issues and I honestly don't know what else to do about it.  I've gone to therapy and talked, I completely understand that living with anger is only hurting myself, but at the same time I can't just make it go away or not feel it.  I delt with anger issues before my marriage and then being marriage to an angry man just brought it out that much more.  I don't want to hold on to hurt and anger, but there's a part of me that is afraid that i'll be "soft" if I let that go...like people will start walking all over me again.  Did or does anyone else deal with stuff like this?  
Third person because it's too hard to relive. More venting than anything. This is my first thread on reddit, so feel free to delete if this isn't the right place. I just felt like it was.Cursing, emotional prose. This is what happens in the aftermath, how I cope... however unhealthy it may be._____    She stares at the ceiling with a blank eyes, mouth drawn into a thin line. Her outfit of the day has been carelessly, hurriedly cast to the floor, the pantslegs of her jeans pointing in different directions, one towards her half-naked body, knees bent in a crouch and arms pulled to her chest as if she's not sure whether to flee or to run.    She's wound in her own thoughts. Thoughts of the past. Thoughts of the future. Thoughts of those days that changed her life forever and that imprison her in isolation. Her oversized T-shirt slides down her brown shoulder as she reaches for her vibrating cell phone. She folds her bare legs underneath herself, a small-boned girl in oversized boyshorts.    _"Are u okay"_ she reads, the glow from the small device illuminating her face, the pale white light reflected in her dark eyes. 'Chocolate, soulful brown', she's heard from one pair of lips. 'Shit-colored', from another. The last stands out in her mind the most and plays on loop every time she looks into the eyes of another person.    She sharply draws her breath, her stomach concave as she holds it in, refusing to let it go with the same determination that she normally reserves for her emotions. The word 'okay' has brought back a stream of everything but tears, a current of memories and emotions and fears and insecurity from a time when she was not okay times where she is not okay she is not okay bubbling to the surface from her heart, to her chest, out of her mouth. She bites back the anguished noise, trembling, throws the metal at the bookshelf in front of her. Eyes blinded by tears, she misses the mark. It bounces once off of her daybed, landing on a quilt, unharmed and intact. She stares at it, expression full of everything and nothing at once.    _/Bzzt/_    _"Hello? You there? We miss you here on earth. Wanna talk? :3"_    She's taken too long. They don't know, can't dive that deep to pull her out of the deep, the darkness on the inside that hides a little girl that was forced to grow up too fast. Face red, nose red, cheeks red, as red as the solo cup perched on her nightstand. Fire-red. Angry red.    _"f-u-c-k o-f-f"_ , she writes, eyebrows close together, though not directly sorrow or malice. An undeserved hostility would shut them up, but she needs the contact, craves human contact even if conversation is shallow. She erases her message, starts over.    _"F-i-n-e"_, she types, sealing her heart away for good as it sends. Lying and hostility, an uncertain mix. Her weak-hearted hostility shuts everyone up, makes them pull away, even her reflection in the morning as she hurled insults that no one else could ever hear, that no one else would protect her from unless it showed on her face. But being the teacher's pet in drama club taught her how to say all the right things, how to act, how to lie. Her two weeks in a psychiatric ward taught her how to keep them all to herself, how to act, how to lie.    _/Bzzzzzt/_    _"U moody thing. Ari, i know you were there the whole time. come watch a movie with me. I'll pik u up @8" ;D_    She stands up, groaning, joints popping too loudly for someone so young, her dropping weight accompanied by body aches. She walks into the bathroom to put on a face, one to cover her imperfections, one to cover her internal hurts. She walks slowly to the bathtub, water running, narrowed eyes searching back and forth as she thinks of ways to drown herself. She hears the phone chirp. She cuts the water and leaves.    _"i see how it is. Silent treatment, huh."_    _"u sure u don't want to hang out tonight?"_ Ignored.    _"ur probably in the shower or eating. Ok. I see how it is"_    She's back in her corner, the corner of her room that feels like the loneliest place in the world. She wishes she could cry louder. The tears that run down her cheekbones, onto her dry lips, are silent. Her phone is heavy in her hands. It's almost more painful to speak than it is to keep her lips sewn together.      _"can we talk."_ a text from her to the person who keeps texting her, someone she met at school, someone who she eats lunch with, smiles with, studies with. the one who texts her at two in the morning because he's seen the dark bags under her eyes, the fear when he stands too closely. He doesn't know what happened to her. He doesn't ask. He sometimes frowns, but nods and happily pulls her to watch the latest basketball game when she smiles, laughs with him, assures him that she's fine, more than fine.     Her phone vibrates. Him again.    _"yeah sure. so you know that western civ prof i hate? i pulled an 87 on the exam. can you believe it??"_
My 14yr old daughters newest blog entry. A poem about the bullying she has and does endure at school and among her peers. http://sheenaodin.blogspot.ca/2013/10/you-dont-know-me-poem-by-my-daughter.html
Background: My father is verbally abusive, neglectful and threatening. He's thrown firecrackers at me, spat on me, and cracked a **literal** leather whip at myself and my siblings. I'm the youngest by a lot, the only female and my father never put any effort into my care. My parents are still together and I still live at home while going to college. I've been afraid of him my whole life and I also suffer from fairly severe panic disorder, anxiety, and depression.Every time I try to bring up my father's abuse my mother just tells me her father was worse or tells me what my father did wasn't abuse. My own brother even implied that I somehow deserved the abuse because of any childhood pranks I may have pulled (i.e. drawing on his stomach  or dropping pennies down his pants). My father was a lot nicer to my brothers than he was to me and my mother and brothers just keep coming up with excuses for him. I'm so frustrated because although everyone else I know acknowledges his actions, my close family members do not and literally tell me I'm being overly sensitive or overreacting. I'm at a complete loss and I feel alone in my own home. Every time I try to talk to my mother about this she always says "I don't want to talk about it" or again, brings up her "more abusive" father. Is there anything I can do when the people I love are in such denial? Do I just have to sit and bear it, change my  perspective, or just write them off?**TL;DR: Mother and brothers don't believe my father was abusive and it's causing me a lot of internal turmoil.**
"On Learning" By Peter PollardSchool’s always in session.With the start of the school year, I’m reminded of my surprise when my time in graduate school stirred so many unconscious reactions to my childhood sexual abuse. Recognizing what was happening eventually allowed me to manage those feelings. And it actually reinforced some valuable lessons about healing.But I was slow in making the connection. After all, no one warned me. And I’d dealt with all that, years before…. hadn’t I?There were days I went to class mildly panicked, mystified at what was happening.I was no kid when I began the graduate program. Already in my 50s, I’d had a long career in child protective services. And it had been twenty years since I first came to terms with having been sexually abused in my adolescence by my parish priest, a man I’d seen as a mentor.After much therapy, study and self-reflection, I was well into my healing. For several years, I’d been speaking and writing publicly about my experience as a survivor of sexual abuse and the Catholic Church’s missed opportunity to hold its leaders accountable for their failure to protect children. I was proud of my accomplishments.  I knew a lot about the dynamics of abuse. I was doing fine.But I’d never stopped to consider that a program that included dependence on an assortment of highly respected men and women, who had power over my future, could possibly resurrect issues around trust and safety. Silly me!There was one senior professor in the program to whom I felt drawn. He had a wise and nurturing manner—a gentle man, who seemed like someone in whom, after all these years, I might find a positive mentor.  He taught a short course called “Managing Self,” described as a guide to recognizing and overcoming barriers to successfully achieving one’s goals. I signed up.But instead of helping, the feelings intensified. A few weeks into the class, I met privately with the professor to discuss my struggle.I described my experiences in child protection and my advocacy work. In the course of the conversation, I told him about the abuse by the priest, and my wish to use what I’d learned in my own recovery to work in the sexual-abuse-prevention field.His response startled me.He told me that I needed to “get over it.” He advised me that focusing on child abuse was just getting in my way and that I needed to put it behind me.  He told me a story about a slightly-crazed man who wasted his whole life trying to get a law passed to correct what he perceived as an injustice. At the time, I was enraged. I told him that I’d tried that route of burying the feelings and I knew he was wrong. I pointed out that only after I stopped ignoring and finally faced those feelings had my healing begun. In that moment, I dismissed him as a potential mentor, but I regained my sense of self.Instead of disappointment, I was finally reinvigorated; confident about the goals I’d set for myself and my ability to achieve them. But the final lesson was yet to come.At the end of the last class, as I gathered my books, I overheard a classmate mention that our professor—the man I’d picked out as a prospective mentor, and whose misguided advice I’d rejected —had once been a Catholic priest. I laughed out loud!Of course, I have no way of knowing whether or how this man’s former vocation shaped his response to me. Though I still strongly disagree with him, I have no reason to believe that he is other than a good man, sincere in his beliefs. (Truth be told, his advice to me wasn’t so different from the prescription for success he offered to the whole class.) I don’t remember my grade for the course. But I did learn that when I pay attention, the opportunity to discover lessons about healing is available every day. And as for that important test about trusting my instincts – I know I passed with flying colors.- By Peter Pollard, MPAPeter Pollard is the Communications & Professional Relations Director for 1in6, Inc. Peter previously worked for 15 years as a state, child-protection social worker and was the Public Education director at Stop It Now! Since 2003, he has served as the Western Massachusetts coordinator for SNAP (Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests) and also does work for a Certified Batterers Intervention Program. The mission of 1in6 is to help men who have had unwanted or abusive sexual experiences in childhood live healthier, happier lives. 1in6′s mission also includes serving family members, friends and partners by providing information and support resources on the web and in the community. www.1in6.org https://1in6.org/2013/09/on-learning-1in6-thursday/
When I was about 6 years old, I was a victim of sexual abuse by an older teenage relative. This went on for a few months after school, maybe a year. At the same time, I was peeing in my pants, probably because of the abuse. This in turn led to severe physical punishment by a parent, although there was other physical abuse not related to this either.Anyways, this was almost 30 years ago. I was taken to therapy for a few months, but I think there's still a lot of residual trauma. I don't get pissed off that any of this stuff happened to me, and I'm trying to take responsibility for my life. At the same time, depression, substance-abuse, etc. etc. just keep creeping their way into my life. I never found it hard to be intimate with others, sexually or otherwise, until recently. In any case, I just wanted to get some advice and support from people out here. Unfortunately, I don't have the means to go to therapy right now (or maybe I just haven't looked around hard enough). Any help or advice would be appreciated. 
and how much longer will my family suffer for their grandmothers cruelty and abuse?  That is what my newest blog post is about.  You can read it here:  http://sheenaodin.blogspot.ca/2013/10/how-far-will-cps-go-to-cover-up-their.html
What are your go-to cures or coping skills for when you have flashbacks? I'm desperate for a good list of things to try out.I can't close my eyes without seeing his face staring right at mine and it's killing me. I need sleep, but I feel like he's in the bed next to me again. I hear him. I see him. I even think I feel him. I can't handle it. I'm a pretty bad cutter, and I really want to turn to something else besides that right now, but I'm having trouble finding something else that helps.
I honestly haven't visited my history with sexual abuse in a while.When I was disgustingly young, my father's stepfather (whom I called "Grandfather") molested me and my sister. When I was a freshman in high school, I saw a therapist for depression, and the abuse came to light. I and my sister had a case with CPS, who did not move forward with the case because my parents cut off contact with that part of the family.I'm a junior in college now. I'm an honors student, pursuing a major in Business Computer Information Sciences and I'll probably end up with a minor in History because that's my real passion. I'm dependent on financial aid, because my parents can hardly make ends meet.Right now, I can't see a therapist because I don't have money. Even with insurance, medication and doctor's visits are hard to pay for. I recovered from a relapse of PTSD from last year that devastated my GPA and caused me to fail a semester.I've always been afraid that I'd relapse if I pursuit a criminal or civil case. But now I just want to know my options. In a criminal case, my abuser would get probation or something, if it wasn't dropped, because he's elderly and respected in the community and I have no hard evidence beyond testimony from my many doctors and therapists and CPS, who issued a report backing up my story. I do know that in civil cases, the need for evidence is far less, and the jury only needs to believe it probably happened, which my history of medical professionals and CPS report would prove.I don't know what the outcome of a civil case would be, however. Would I be able to sue him to cover the medical expenses that resulted from the abuse and PTSD? Would that be worth it to sit through litigation, to relive my abuse, to be unable to know if the jury would side with me, just for the chance for financial safety and a sense of justice?Any experience or advice with criminal or civil charges is welcome. I'm planning to look at the legal services my university provides, just to get some free advice from a legal standpoint. 
This link take you to a poem my daughter wrote and read to us last night.  They are questions she has for her abuser.  My mother, her grandmother.http://sheenaodin.blogspot.ca/2013/10/why-did-you-abuse-me-poem-by-my-daughter.html
My newest blog entry. Our first face to face meeting with my daughters new worker and her admittance that our file was mismanaged.http://sheenaodin.blogspot.ca/2013/10/your-file-was-mishandled.html?zx=1fd324a22cd47f10
