Please be aware that there's a risk of trolling in response to posts mentioning politics. We are allowing posts of this nature from individuals in sincere distress because we know that the political climate can impact our emotions, worldview, and hopes for the future.  But we also encourage you to consider carefully whether you might feel comfortable reaching out to another source of support, such as one of the [hotlines in our international directory](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/wiki/hotlines).  You might also want to have a look at [these resources for helping those struggling with thoughts of suicide](http://redd.it/1c3p3z).  We are taking all possible steps to prevent abuse, but if you receive any kind of trolling or guideline-breaking response to a post or comment you've made here, whether it mentions politics in any way or not, please let us know and we'll be on it as soon as we can.  We have been and still are working closely with the reddit admins to ensure that anyone who abuses vulnerable people here is dealt with, not just at the subreddit level.  Edit:  Added direct links to resources & clarified wording.  

Im a 16 year old guy and i was raped violentlu recently. Its been messing with my head a lot. Im cutting, i feel numb, worthless, pathetic and disgusting.I just dont know what to do anymore it feels so bad. I just want to kill myslef and im already planning on doing it. I just cant go on anymore i dont see the point. Im depressed and i hate my life and myself. I want tp kill myslef in a few days. 
25, dropped out of high school. Been failing college my whole life. I want out of this. But now I'm in debt that I can't run away from.Working 50 hours a week. Tired and exhausted. I just want to run away to Europe and back pack through the whole world lol.Only thing stopping me is what it'd do to my brother and sister, the only two people I care about in the world. But I'm stuck far away from them and we've grown apart. And my pain has only been growing, eventually it will take precedence.I've been depressed and suffering from anxiety my whole life. I remember holding a kitchen knife to my chest when I was 5.I am only happy and cheerful to everyone I meet. I've never shared the extent of my depression with anyone. Partly so I could always have suicide as an out without raising suspension.I  feel like I crossed a threshold lately. I want help. I don't have access to a doctor. I did CBT through school for 6 months. But I felt like a burden on the system and made little progress.
Meds aren't working anymore. Therapy is useless. I've tried everything. I've wanted to die since I was five years old and tonight I'm finally going to get my wish.
She says I'm the only one who makes her happy, so I try to be with her as much as possible. However, I can't always be there due to school and work.Her parents are very nice to her 50% of the time, but the other 50% they act quite silly and harsh towards her, which makes her even more sad.I try to do so much, but I just don't know what else I can do. I can't imagine losing her, and I need help before it's too late. She even told me she thinks about suicide often, but didn't do it. She also cut herself in the past.She's very open to me and I'm pretty sure she says anything which is great.Thanks so much in advance for the help ;cEDIT: She has been depressed for several years now, she almost lost a very close family member years back.
I should go. Just run upstairs and slit whatever parts on my body and bleed out. I don't care anymore. I don't want to be alive. Everyday it's the same thing. I'm miserable to the point of me wanting death. I always think of how I can kill myself sooner. I'm thinking of buying a gun soon just to do that. I'm tired of living every day being angry and sad. By getting away from my emotions. No one cares about me anyway so it's not like I'll be missed.
What's the point of writing when I know nonody will reply
Hello, my friend has left me a message which heavily suggests she is going to end her life. She is no longer replying to my messages and I don't know what to doShe lives in Brazil and I live in Scotland so I can't contact the police to help her. I have reported her to twitter and emailed tumblr (linking her account) about it.  I really really need help. I don't have any family or friend contacts but I do have her facebook account (we never added each other so I can't see her friends) and I also have her reddit. If anyone can help please do. She means the world to me and I really cannot let this happen. 
I was prescribed Wellbutrin a while back.  I stopped taking it a few months ago, I'm not really sure why. I was happier when I was on it then and I felt like I didn't need it.  I couldn't have expected anything but a downward spiral after that, and that's what I got.  So I'm going to start taking it again.  The dose I was on was around 150mg (pediatric dose, I was under 18 when I was on it) but I think I'll start around 400mg.  The normal level for an overdose starts about there.  It's apparently quite psychoactive and may even give me seizures.  Hopefully after a few days of steadily ramping up the dose it will kill me.  I'm really happy that all of this might be over soon.  Wish me luck!  :DIf the Wellbutrin isn't enough there is a parking garage at my school I can jump off of.  I'd just perfer not to have someone have to scrape me off the sidewalk.  It seems like that would ruin someone's day. It wouldn't be the first time I've done that.  I've made so many people so goddamn miserable what more could it do?  Some poor bastard will have to pull my intestines out of the cracks in the sidewalk.  I fantasize about a bullet ripping apart my skull, or a noose tightening around my neck, or feeling my body shut down as I overdose on all manner of drugs, prescription and otherwise.  The only thing in my life that I take pride in is my car.  I drive a magnetic grey 2015 Ecoboost Mustang.  Her name is Natasha and I keep her completely spotless.  It's too bad that I won't be able to get a cold air intake and cat back exhaust, plus all the aesthetic mods I wanted for her.  I'm thinking about including in my suicide note to my parents to give Natasha to my best friend.  This is because they won't want to keep her since she'll remind them of me, and I don't want them to just sell it to some random person.  He's more of an import guy but he'll appreciate her.  She'll be driven, like she is meant to be.  Think it's a good idea?I kinda went off on a tangent there but I do that a lot when I'm having a mental breakdown.  Sorry!  I'll shut up now.
I have a very valuable piece of informationone that will make you laughor smileor feel goodit's one of the rare things i've seen in my life that just makes me happybecause it's two best friendsjust being best friendsnot causing trouble, or having fun at someone else's expensejust being happy togetherso if you'd like to see itplease comment or somethingbecause i would love to share this goofy happiness with you guys and gals toomy day today has been absolutely horrible.i tried to do the dishes and started crying so hard i couldn't see what i was doingand somehow i ended up hereso pleasesmile with mei need to smile, and i would love to make you smile too
My parents divorced just when I was born, my mom began to hit me since I was 4, just the same age as I started getting bullied, my dad tried to brainwash me just to use me against my mom, when I was 7 I lost the best and only friend I had, he killed himself, I am now a 15-16 year old, and I still suffer all of this, nobody helps me, my family pushes me away and insults me behind my back, teachers don't do anything even though I tell them, they just don't care.. I've been depressed all my life and.. Im just losing my will to keep going, please, someone help me.. I can't keep going for long.

I'm going to do it tonight. I just don't feel the point in continuing to try and be well when I can't get there. Just one hurdle after another. If I OD, how quick will it be? How awful will I look when my husband discovers me? Want it to be as untraumatic as possible, given the circumstances. 
I'm so unhappy. My life is a grey stream of nothing. I don't want to wake up tomorrow. I don't want to even make it to the end of this post. I feel so alone. Nothing has improved since when I drunkely posted here 6 months ago.Is there anybody out there?
I'm a foreigner living temporary in his country trying to stay permanently. English is not my native language, also I'm unemployed and live abroad first time in my life.We met each other without expectations and it was intense and romantic relationship which we both enjoyed. We both took it serious. But he stopped it up suddenly, by shutting me out after a romantic night. He never said goodbye or explain why he did it.Sex wasn't the only thing why we were together, but it was magnificent: classical and romantic. I was submissive (which I never liked before) and he enjoyed his maleness. He tied me up only once, but emotionally our sex was sadomasochistic. He was looking at my eyes and had my soul.We were very close and shared a lot with each other. He meant a world to me and he adored me. With all my wicked games (I easily manipulate men and sometime did it for fun) he was telling that when he looks at me he sees himself like in a mirror.I went from a suicidal stage (when I was calling a helpline for a suicidal people) to sever anxiety and then depression.After 2 weeks in hell trying to find a reason why he did it, I tried to stop to think about him. I'm young, quiet good looking, attractive and intelligent woman. I liked my single life before. After a month I start to go to dates again. Every time I have sex with a random bloke I see my ex in a weirdest nightmares I ever had. It's bloody and disgusting, it terrifies me. It's a constant torture. I wake up in a cold sweat, I want to hurt myself and I feel suicidal again.I never met someone like him before. He is handsome and attractive but I loved him for his personality. I never trusted anyone as I trusted him. It changed my mind. One part of me wanted to settle down, get married and be with him (I didn't want to be in relationship before). The other was telling that I'm totally insane looking for his age, social status and psychological problems. Now I don't know what I am looking for. I have a feeling that I never ever fell in love again and this two month were best time in my life.How to overcome this emotional pain? In a current situation I can't afford therapist and I don't have any friends around. It's not the only reason for me being so depressed, but it is a trigger to my depression and anxiety. I barely force myself to do a random things such as waking up in the morning, cooking, cleaning and communicate with people. I have no passion to live.I jumped into a new relationship simply because it's someone who cares about me, to force myself to do something... But the inside I feel the same. Like I had the love that I was craving for all my life and I will never have the same again. So I have no reason to live. It's sounds stupid for a woman of my age. Any suggestions what should I do? I can't struggle with this pain anymore. 
This is probably me being stupid, but what the hell.This evening I had to go back to my office because there's some important documents that needs to be sorted out. I made it to the office at around 23:00. I handle the keys to my office since we run a small company, and I'm one of 2 employees that work there. I got to my computer, and realized I made a very small mistake, an easily overlooked mistake I shouldn't have made. I sent an important document to the wrong person with similar name, and exactly verbatim surname but somehow they work in the same company, and same address. I reported to my boss about this mistake, he was quite lenient. I still feel terrible about this.I live with my mom. So I had to tell my mom that I have to get back to the office before I left. When I got home earlier at around 20 o'clock, she asked me about money issues (my mom is unemployed and a widow for 16 years, I make living for her, her dad, and my little brother who is currently in college), I didn't answer because after all it's my money, and I have the right to keep it to myself.My mom didn't see it that way. As every so often, we don't meet eye to eye regarding serious issues.When I got to the office, she bombarded me with long-winded texts about how I don't trust her anymore because I kept secrets from her. She said my brother and I don't think that she's important anymore, that we don't care about her, that her existence no longer has meaning for us. She often does this when she's upset, and almost every fucking time, she threatened us with suicide!Turns out my mom didn't see the last 4 years I spent working alone, saving money, not buying video games I've always liked to play, not going out with friends that often to save some cash, and I didn't even muster up the courage to tell my crush I've been having a crush on since 8 years ago for fear that the feeling would reciprocate, and I'll have to choose between raising a family with her, or keeping my current family alive and well. My mom thought I was being selfish, and she had to live all the hard life while I'm having fun all by myself.It was around 23:40 or something. I was (and currently am) alone in the office, locked the steel doors from the inside. My credibility as an employee has been stained by that mistake I made earlier, and now my heart is broken, too.We have this portable power generator in the office. We put it near our storage room, a 2x2 meters room with no ventilation of any sort. After reading my mom's text, I went to the generator, wheeled it into the storage room, I put doormats to seal the gap under the door, and put my hand on the starter cord for about 10-15 minutes. I heard it should take just a few minutes for CO to take its toll on my body. I'm glad that it doesn't take too long. I was actually thinking about pulling the cord, and kinda surprised that I haven't already pulled it.And I didn't. It occurred to me that I'm working hard for my brother's education so he can have a better future than mine (I'm just a high school graduate). I couldn't give two and a half shits what my mom thinks, she's the one who did nothing to help anyway. And I still have 4 more years until my brother graduates, and probably get a job for himself and live a decent life he's never had.So here I am now. Alone in my office, locked away from the outside world, writing this on reddit. I'm now aware that should I decide to go through it later in the future, I'll know how to do it.I've always known since long that I'll end my own life at one point when the time is right. There's no other way around it. I'm 99% sure I'll do it one day. But tonight I was being stupid. I almost ruined my brother's future because of some stupid texts my mom sent me.
So this is my first reddit post. Sorry in advance if I break the rules or otherwise fuck up.I started having serious suicidal thoughts about 3-4 months ago. I have a diagnosed panic disorder and post traumatic stress disorder after being arrested in high school. The thoughts have been getting a lot clearer and a lot more frequent. I see myself holding a handgun with the barrel in my mouth. I swear that I can taste the metal at times. Sometimes when I'm driving I'll notice walls or buildings. I picture myself speeding into them, and feel the jolt in my stomach as I'm thrown out the car.So far I've been able to counter these with a fairly dark method. I've pictured my family and friends finding my dead body. I see them crying and in pain.Sometimes they're laughing.I'm sorry. I just feel as though I'm at a loss, and don't know what to do. 
I was sexually abused at a young age by another guy (i was 8 he was 14-15).I have also been bullied virtually all my life, i am a joke in my hometown (LondonI continue to be bullied at university. I am 19 and i still look 12 (seriously prepubescent i basically look like a younger version of tay zonday but darkerskinned) so assholes pick on me all the time and i am isolated alot. It's like nobody that is cool in anyway wants anything to do with me, even when i try and be nice. I've spent all my birthdays and summer holidays aloneI have so many memories of being abuse in my life, like if someone was to do a movie of my life story it would be the most depressing thing ever. All i do is sit in my dorm, thinking about all the pain that others have caused me.I am failing uni because of this and frankly i don't care cus i just wanna die anyways, like i have no motivation for life at all. In my opinion, its just a compilation of suffering. Everyone else around me live happy lives all the time smiling and partying and having a good time with friends but me never. I believe in God so that's literally the only thing that prevents me from ending myself.Is there any hope to life? I only want others who are losers to comment because the winners in life won't understand the pain i'm going through.
I'm just so alone.  Nothing ever goes right with me.  Parents aren't all that close to me, brother isn't close either.  I just work and come home and waste time until I go to bed to repeat the cycle.  No girlfriend, girls have never even been interested in me.  My coworkers all brag about girls they've had sex with and claim that they could call up a girl right now for sex if they wanted to.  I haven't even gotten a girl to give me her number in years.  And even then the conversation doesn't go anywhere and she always drops me.  Tinder, okcupid, bumble, badoo, POF, you name it.  I'm on it and never get matches or replies.  It's like women don't even see me as a man.  I have a college degree and nothing but debt to show for it.  I have been out for almost 2 years now and have sent out 100's of applications and haven't heard back from any.  I'm just so tired these days.  I sleep for nearly 10 hours a night probably, more if I didn't have to wake up for work.  I have no drive to do anything anymore except barely get by at work.  I still live with my parents.  Have a ton of college debt.  Don't have a significant other to confide to.  No real skills or talents to speak of.  Ugly at best.  Why go on?  Why suffer day after day to gain what?  There is nothing in life worth living for.  I just live to work and work to live.  
I want to go to therapy, take meds again, and get better.But I can't afford to do that AND eat in the same paycheck.I used to go to therapy and ended spending around 200-250 usd for just four sessions. My therapist was useless, she never helped at all aside from the prescriptions. The anti-depressants (prodin) didn't do shit either, but my anti-anxiety meds (rivotril) were amazing.I stopped going because I really couldn't afford it. Now I'm hesitant to try again because everything's so expensive and I'm scared that the therapist won't be helpful again and I'll just be throwing money away.
I recently moved back in with my mum and step dad. I've been here 3 days and my anxiety levels are back up to when I was put on medication.I ate my dinner in silence tonight while my mum stood in the kitchen and kept busy. Nobody has actually really spoken to me for two days either which really sucks.I never really wanted to move back in as I was happy living with my gran but she's got a few healthcare issues and so everyone in my family wanted me out of there which also sucked.I really want to move into my own place and cut ties with the majority of my family but I just don't have the money so it's not an option at all.I've already been really suicidal previously and I'm worried this is just going to make it 10x worse to the point I make an actual attempt at it.
I've already come to the point of giving up. I've always been that one kid which get the world of expectations from their family members and to be quite frank, it's annoying, tiring and also depressing that I can't live up to it. I know that it's not their right to impose their ideal of myself onto me, but I also think I cannot ignore it. I really am doomed to fail in everything I try at because I am just horrible at everything I do, that's it, no other reason. I wanna just give up because the feeling of disappointment is one which I cannot handle, I can't handle how much I disappointed my parents and friends, I know some of them may be talking behind my back but that's all within logical reasoning, of course they will have to discuss how much of trash I am. Lately my family is in some financial stress and I think that getting rid of one mouth to feed should help the situation, I just hate it that they will want to pay to have a funeral for me, I rather wish my existence just up and vanished, causing everyone to forget me and me to never even be alive, then I won't have to feel these feelings nor would anyone have to feel nor think anything about me. I'm just a waste of space that wishes to give back that space, but even dying costs money now so suicide would place an even higher financial strain on my family, so I'm thinking of just running away and killing myself, somewhere where no one will go and only dead bodies can explore. I usually feel this gaping hole in my chest too, it really hurts, it feels like i'm always short of breath and the only way to get rid of this feeling is to distract myself with playing games, watching TV and reading, maybe I'm just making excuses to be a good for nothing human? For the last 2 years I've been contemplating suicide and for the last 2 years this hole has been growing larger and larger, it gets especially horrible when I see one of my friends happy, and that annoys me. I'm a person which feels genuine happiness when my friends accomplish something but lately it gets hard to breath just being around them, it must be due to my self-centered and self-conscious nature that I feel jealous or something else. I want to kill myself to get rid of this pain in my chest, to not disappoint anyone anymore and to finally stop these thoughts from flowing through my head, they're endless and never ending. I guess this all might sound to random ramblings to some one else, and that's fine too, as long as I have a place to rest my feelings before I go, then I won't have any real regrets.
I can't pass well enough to make myself happy. I'm only 25 and I don't think I'll do it for another 3-4 years depending on what I get out of my transition. I just can't undo the damage that being forced to go through male puberty has done to my body, it's humiliating. People tell me I pass well but I feel like they're just humoring me. It's getting to the point where every day it seems easier to me, and I feel too tired to keep going. Living as a man is not an option for me because that just isn't me. I've known since I was a child that I was trans, but I hid in the closet and struggled with it my whole life. I feel like it's too late for me. I don't even want to be here anymore, forced to live with all my anger and agony in skin that feels hideously contorted and wrong. It's stupid and I'm fucking tired.
Meds that i thought would work have stopped working, therapy is useless and a complete waste of time. Have no friends and i'm extremely shit at socializing, i'm actually dx'd with Aspergers so i'm already fucked and i see no fucking point in any of this bullshit anymore. I'm fucking sick of being ghosted on by people so you know what, fuck people's feelings i don't give a fuck about them anymore. I'm going to kill myself whether it hurts them or not. Fuck them i've had enough of this pain for one life, they fucking deserve everything that's coming to them. And no i don't care if i hurt my family either gtfo with that guilt tripping bs i'm done and there's nothing any of you people can do about it. Goodbye 
I barely have the reasources to write this but I'll try.For many years, I've been very lonely and depressed with severe social anxiety. I've never had a romantic partner. Mostly I collect pictures I find online and fantasise relationships based on them.1,5 years ago, I saw someone at my university and fell in love with them. I dreamed of them every moment of being awake. I began to take better care of my appearance, and decided it would be best to finally cut ties with my abusive friend to focus on all my efforts to this real person who had a good impact on me.When I finally tried to communicate with them, they completely ignored me.After that I became very depressed again and began having panic attacks.Later I accidentally met another student from my university, who asked me out. He scared me too much and I couldn't decline from giving my contact information.In the autumn, I met this student again and he threatened me because I had not answered him during the summer. He began to scare me so much that I was afraid to leave my home, afraid to be at school.I decided to seek help couple months ago. The doctor told me that I should just try relaxation. In the end he prescribed me antidepressants for panic disorder.It has been couple months now. The medicine does not seem to help. I have only had very strong suicidal feelings and other bad side effects.I also went to talk about the situation at the university counselor. It was difficult for me, and after I gave her the permission to discuss with my teachers, the anxiety and shame became so great for me that I could not go to class anymore, and dropped out.The panic attacks have not stopped or eased and I've only become more and more scared for my safety. I'm scared I will be stabbed or shot. By the other student or someone else. I can't sleep. I can't keep up with this world and its demands (towards women).My studies were really the only content of my life and the only social opportunity I had. Now that I cannot go there, I feel I have nothing left. I feel unable to speak to anyone, to describe things well enough, to meet other people's expectations, go to the doctor again when they do not take me seriously. I just want the fears, the pain, the loneliness, all of it to finally end. I tried to fight.
I've been throwing up blood for about the past 4 months. Finally getting a bit better now only throwing up pussy blood on rare occasions. Wife says she isn't happy being married to me anymore and hasn't been for a long time. Had suicidal since I was about 5.   I grew up being physically and mentally abused and the only person that I have ever truly opened up to is my wife but it's still hard some times because of how I grew up and is the main problem she is having with our relationship. She kicked me out Dec. 1 and won't talk to me.  I don't know what to do anymore it seams like death is the best way out.
I have not taken my meds for two days because I forgot to get then from the pharmacy and as a result I am now feeling suicidal. I know its from the lack of serotonin in my brain and it'll go better once I get my pills. I don't want to jump. I just wanted to say what I'm feeling. Thanks for reading. 
Hello.My mom attempted suicide on the morning of Monday December 5th. She is diabetic so she has access to a large amount of insulin. She took an excessive amount of insulin (and possibly pills of some sort) in an effort to commit suicide. She left a five page note and wrote a long Facebook post. She also sent me an out of context text telling me to take care of her dogs and what possessions of hers are mine. One of her FB friends called the cops. They got there in time to get her bloodsugar levels back up to normal. She has attempted to commit suicide many times over the course of my life, usually with pills but once by crashing a car. All other attempts prior to this most recent attempt, she claims that she was not trying to commit suicide. ("My back hurt and I lost count of how many pain killers I took..." etc.) She is very angry. She has only spoken to my dad (who she hates the most right now) and told him to bring her medication to the hospital so she can commit suicide. They will possibly only hold her for 72 hours and it seems likely that she will attempt suicide immediately upon release. She was severely mentally and physically abused by her mother when she was growing up. She wants to end her life because she is unhappy and feels like no one cares about her although everyone in the family regularly takes extreme actions to prove otherwise. She has difficulty seeing reality sometimes and is delusional. She will tell us in detail about events that never occurred. (This is a lot of why she hates my dad the most right now.) For several years now she has increased her distance (physically and emotionally) from the family and society in general. She and my dad live in the mountains in a different state than the rest of the family and she does not leave the house 90% of the time. She regularly incites anger with people in the family until either she or the family member choose to cut each other off completely. Very recently she has reconnected with two family members she cut off for almost ten years. I feel like all of this information (seclusion but also settling issues) has been leading up to her getting serious about suicide.She has barely allowed them to release any information and has only spoken to anyone outside of hospital staff once. She might not take phone calls from any of us. I want to try to call today.What can I do if anything? My siblings feel as though there is nothing to be done and that we must accept this. If this is true, then I will try to do so.Sorry for the wall of text:TL;DR: Mom is determined to commit suicide after a several failed attempts in her lifetime, is angry and aggressive, and the family feels lost.
Warning: This is a long story, I'm sorry. TL;DR at the bottomThank you to those who are here and willing to help. I cannot express my gratitude towards people like you, who are so selfless and kind. I will never be able to repay you, and I'm very sorry for that. Sincerely. Thank you, again. This is the part where it sucks.I want to shed some light on my entire situation, because it all just kind of sucks for me. Last year, I made a post about how I was frustrated and depressed because I failed to make a gift for my girlfriend that I really thought could show her my love. I look back on it, after I have deleted it out of shame, and realize that I really sounded like a baby. Or a burden. I don't know how to describe what I'm feeling without sounding like I'm begging for help. I'm really sorry about that.This girlfriend of mine was gained around Halloween, where I threw a party and she admitted her feelings towards me. At the time, I wasn't even thinking about relationships. Honestly, I was thinking about ways to end my life. I had pushed everyone aside, because I really felt like my death would be like the death of a pet to them: it sucks, but you get over it somewhat quickly. No damage, not hurting anyone. When she admitted her feelings to me, I was both touched and skeptical. My mask of happiness was fading, and a lot more people started to ask me about personal things, like my feelings and home life. Because this girl said she had feelings for me, I originally thought that she was caring enough to be in a relationship with me, just to get me out of the state I was in. I felt touched, whether or not the feelings between us were real. After we got into a relationship, I began to truly develop my feelings for her. However, she constantly kept her distance, and never made getting together a priority. From that point on, I became very anxious. I questioned her loyalty, whether or not the relationship was even based on real love, and much more. Things spiraled into my head, and even though I dealt better by keeping things to myself, I told her about my worries sometimes. Most of the time, I acted as a therapist to her, and she always seemed like she felt better after I offered advice and kind words. This was always over text, however, so I never really knew for sure, and I always worried about it. She cut, struggled with anorexia, and her family divorced quite a long time before these events. I figured these things out through out 7 months, each thing more devastating to me than the last. I tried my hardest to stay positive for her, but I could only do it for her. I could only give her advice, and I could never pull myself out of what I was feeling. It was pretty obvious from that start of the relationship that the love I gave was not reciprocated, even though I actually didn't originally have feelings for this girl at the start. Odd. Eventually, I got used to little contact and hardly any romance (kissing, even holding hands). Everything became routine, and even then she kind of seemed reluctant to do some things. I felt like she made up excuses to avoid certain things. For example, she denied most kissing in the lips because she claimed to have a problem with spit. I was constantly unsure if she was telling my the truth, but I tried to respect her. I might be getting to personal or in-depth. Either way, I felt that the relationship was iffy, and one day, she called me to a park bench. I was excited, because this had literally been the first time throughout our entire relationship that she had planned something for us to do, and actually initiated it. We met on the park bench and she ended the relationship. I could tell she made excuses, and I truly lost the person I was living for. As pathetic as it sounds, I put aside everyone else, but when I saw her, I changed a little bit. I had someone who I thought truly cared about me. Now she was gone. No more reason to live. From then on, I struggled to focus in my classes, and I began to hate her. I didn't blame her, in fact, a lot of what happened was probably my fault. She seemed like such a good person and then pulled this out of nowhere. She talked about her sexuality, which made me feel absolutely terrible. Was I seriously such an unsatisfactory boyfriend that I made her consider leaning towards women as opposed to men? (She admitted that she was bisexual, and she needed to "explore some more")For the longest time (after the relationship), since we shared friends, I avoided everyone I knew. They were going to ask about her, and I wasn't going to try to stand there and tell them everything, because then I would start crying, like I am now. I don't even think I should call it a relationship. Did she even love me? I doubt it. Was she invested at all? Definitely not. Was the love reciprocated? Not from what I could tell. The reason I'm making this post so long afterwards is because today was the day that really considered suicide. Before that, I just tried to keep going, even if it didn't make since. I talk to a therapist once in a while, and it helps for an hour or two, but I'm always back to where I was. Where I am now. I am ready to die. My aspirations of becoming some animator or artist of any sort will never come true. My parents say I make good grades, but B's and low A's in my opinion are bad for me. I'll elaborate on that in a little bit. I have no one and nothing to live for. Nobody will miss me, and anyone who could potentially care will get over it. Just like how this girl got over our "relationship" in two days. It's taken me over two months. How pathetic. I am worthless.I want to elaborate on what I consider failure. I have a different standard for myself than I do other people. It's odd, because I don't see myself as some God, but I hold my expectations higher than others. Although I do want to be the best, I have a little range below "the best" in which I am comfortable. When I said, "B's and low A's are bad..." I meant that I consider them a failure to me. I have no clue as to what backstories other people have, so those grades may be excellent, it may be what they strive for. I understand that and I wish the best for those people. I am simply not one those people. Back to the real thing on my mind. Suicide.My suicide attempt last year left me even more cautious, or anxious, you could say. I tried to overdose, but it obviously didn't work. I am now very scared that if I tried something else, it will not work. My parents and peer think I'm alright, and I really don't want to have to face them, saying I've tried suicide again. Once you show even the slightest sadness, they act like they need to be a caretaker. They treat me differently and I hate it. I'm so sorry, to those who have read this far. I hate that I am so pathetic. To the point where I'm typing into some site, burdening other people with this stupid story that they shouldn't have to experience. It's not even that bad, and so many other people have it worse than me. I don't understand why I am so pathetic and useless. Besides, what is some comment reply going to do? There's no way I can talk to someone face-to-face or anything. I can just say I'm fine and they'll believe it. Just hide behind this mask that I've always hidden behind. There's no point in writing this. I get help, but I can't sustain it. What am I even doing here. I've wasted so much time of whoever (if anyone) is reading, and I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I can't go a day without feeling depressed. I'm sorry to everyone I bring down, I really don't want to. I would never want people to feel like I feel right now and very often. I'm sorry to my parents, who will never be able to see the success they hope for. I'm sorry to the listeners who I have burdened and made sad. I'm sorry for sounding like a pathetic and whiny baby who needs someone to take care of them. I'm sorry for hurting myself. I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry.Everyone always says suicide is a coward's way out, but the people who know me realize that I am a coward. I am pathetic. I don't want to live anymore. I can't remember the last time I truly wanted to live life. Everything sounds so cliche and dumb and I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry for sounding so dumb. I'm sorry for repeating myself. I can't express enough that I'm sorry, for everything. Everything that I've done, I'm sorry that my only posts on this site were in the depression category. I'm sorry for my incompetence to do anything. I can't fix it and no one can fix me.TL;DRA couple months ago, my first girlfriend ended the relationship. I was in a dark place before, (slightly less) during, and after the relationship. I feel guilty and I no longer have any desire to live. I want to commit suicide as soon as possible. 
That's all I've really wanted. I've been rejected by everyone in my short life and before I go, I want to talk to someone. I want someone to call my friend before i go on forever. I hope you don't mind getting ghosted on after two weeks.
I've posted here before a few weeks ago. I'm a self employed artist working on a project to collage a 3 story building in paper vintage butter wrappers as a commission for the local authorities here in Cork. The project has been a disaster from start to finish. Its a public art work so it feels like the whole city is watching. I'm out of my depth and exhausted. I've made some mistakes previously but I thought I had solved things. The scaffolding came down today just as gale force winds hit Ireland and blew 3 of the paper sheets on the top floor away. I'm in a state of crisis and I have been since I relapsed on alcohol 2 weeks ago due to the stress of this project and became suicidal. I've been liasing with a home crisis team but I'm having difficulty meeting them and working. I'm having recurring thoughts of suicide when the stress gets very high. I have enough paracetamol here to do it. I just want this nightmare to end and I don't care how.
Every single one of us is a disgusting, selfish fuck. Every time I shower I think about all the fucking kids that don't have access to clean water. Every time someone hates someone else based on their religion or skin colour I think about one specific image of Jews in a concentration camp from WWII. I'm the kind of person that neo-nazis would want to suffer in same kind of conditions, just because I respect human lives despite religion or skin colour. I'm wasting resources, I'm wasting this planet, I'm wasting this life I was forced to have. I wish I'd never been born to see all this shit, all this suffering, people eating fucking meat and throwing plastic in the sea because hey, that shit makes the money happy. Seriously, fuck capitalism, fuck this world we live in, fuck this hate and suffering. I can't go on. I've done everything I physically can to help to ease the suffering of others but it still doesn't do shit, alt-right people are strong as ever and the refugees my country sends back because "it's safe enough" get killed. Doctors can't help. Everyone is focused on healing one individual instead of healing humanity as whole, and going to the roots of the problems which cause that individual human suffering. I'm not able to make this world a better place, I'm not able to inspire other people to do so either, so why would I be here, wasting resources and seeing myself deteriorate with time? 
My girlfriend and I are both 16 and have been battling with depression since we were both in middle school, and it's starting to get worse for both of us. The antidepressants I take aren't working any more, anything she takes has only made everything worse.She just attempted suicide for the 7th time and I have no idea what to do. She's been getting worse and nothing is working. I'm scared to death of losing her because I know that if she's gone, I'll have nobody to keep me happy at all. She's the reason that I haven't tried to do the same.The thought of not having her in my life absolutely terrifies me. She's the only person that gives a shit enough to ask what's wrong and try to cheer me up. She's the only reason I'm even sort of happy. I feel powerless because I'm doing everything I can to help her and it's not helping very much.Sorry for rambling, I'm just a mess right now and can't even think straight, if anyone has any advice it is much appreciated. Thank you for your time.
I've been pursuing a bachelor's degree for four years now and I just found out I failed 3 classes this semester which means my financial aid will be terminated. Without it I can't afford tuition, I have no idea how I'm going to break this to my parents. This was not suppose to happen, I was suppose to graduate this spring and find a decent job with a decent wage that would motivate me to pursue professional help to confront my avoidant personality disorder and possibly move out of my parents home. I was so so close. sigh. University was really the only thing I had going for me, it was the only redeeming aspect of my life. I have no friends, no significant other, most people would probably consider my lifestyle boring (I read books, browse the internet, workout, attend university while making sure to always keep to myself) i'm basically a hermit, I would only venture out of my house to attend classes or the gym. I guess the thing that bothers me the most (aside from fucking up my future) is that I know why I failed, it's a mixture of a lot of things, really. I was studying a major a didn't care for that had lousy job prospects, worse part is I chose it. I chose it because it required very little math, my brain doesn't work well with numbers so my choices were very limited to begin with. Some of my peers dropped out after the first year but I kept going (passing by doing the absolute bare minimum, C's get degrees right?) I continued despite feeling deeply dissatisfied because my whole life I was conditioned to go to college and obtain a higher education, there's a stigma attached to those people who take alternative avenues. I'm already judged enough by the abnormal life I lead, really didn't need to add another thing to the mix. Do any of you guys have any advice? I have no idea where to go from here. Once the anger wears off my parents are probably going to demand I get a job and contribute with expenses which is totally understandable. If I was a healthy functional adult I would comply without hesitation, but I can't even imagine myself going through the whole interview process much less sustaining a job. All I know is how to be a student (I suppose not even that). I'm filled with absolute apprehension when I contemplate my future. I'm 21 soon to be 22 and I have nothing to show for. FUCK.
Recently moved, under false pretenses. Turns out the new place has insane rules and I can't get away but I can't live my life either. Have to sleep on plastic, get rid of my tools (am a DIY girl and it's one of the things I have a lot of money invested in, aside from it being my literal lifeline knowing I'm able to fix things) because they're considered "a danger" and my privacy is constantly invaded. Arbitrary rules are added almost daily and I have no quality of life. Thing is I can't get out, there is no way for me to move anywhere else of even leave as I am legally bound to this place now until I am granted another. Which they are not planning on doing by the way. I have no rights (already looked that up) and am completely stuck with whatever they decide to put on me.I can't live like this and already having severe complex post traumatic stress syndrome, autism, and resulting depression, all of which I have been struggling with for over a decade, I think I am honestly done.Only thing keeping me is the cost of the funeral and the risk of hurting people around me.
For five months, I took Cymbalta and in the first three or four, saw marked improvement. No more waking up crying, no more random pains 24/7, and lessened anxiety around people. For once I could be aware of my depression without succumbing to it.Then, oh so slowly, the death of a friend sparked a month-long spiral that culminated in suicidal ideation, the desire to self-mutilate, and a disorienting 16 hours of sleep each day. I had to constantly derail "plans", avoided jumpy places, stabby things, and inquisitive friends. Since that's not unfamiliar territory for me, I blamed myself and got worse.In this case, however, it was a bad reaction coupled with poor timing. So, to all of us medicated folks, I say, it might not be you! Tell your doctor if you experience mood swings, profound depression, and thoughts of suicide!Don't take yourself for granted. You're not that bad. Have a tea and stop thinking for a couple of minutes.
I think I might do it soon if I do it will be after Christmas sometime in January or February. Things aren't good for me right now and I don't think they're gonna get better so ending it would just make things a lot easier. Plus maybe if I do end it I would be born into a different life, a better life, one where I'm happy and get everything I've always wanted in this life. If that happened there would be no reason not to do it. Of course the opposite could be true too so who knows, only one way to find out. 
So I plan on doing it as soon as the new year starts, but I feel terrible because I know that it will affect my best friend horribly. She has had suicidal thoughts before, and she currently self harms a lot, and it's pretty serious. I'm the only person she has felt comfortable opening up to, she didn't even talk about it with our other best friend. We've been the only source of support for each other for a while now. She's actually told me that I was the one thing that kept her going for a while when it was really bad for her. And I feel like an asshole for taking that away from her. I was planning on maybe leaving a few words behind to a few people personally but she's the only person I've written a full blown detailed note for. She's just one of the most important people in my life and I need her to be okay. I don't know, I feel very conflicted, which is a strange feeling given the fact that I'm pretty sure that I want to go through with it. I need to.
Let me give some background about how much I fucked up my college experience so far. Last year, I ended up ditching alot of my classes, I did the work but three absences gave a person a no credit for their class and thus I failed alot of them. I did this to satisfy my ex-girlfriend, and to make sure she was happy, I ended up getting out of this relationship over the summer, which was one of the scariest things I have ever done, she was emotionally, physically, and verbally abusive towards me. The shittiest part is I can't talk publicly about it, and if I do, I feel ashamed. So for the first two semesters of my first year at my dream college, I fucked it all up. I did the same again this year because now I was allowed to be social with other people compared to last year and due to that I am now just figuring out how to balance social life with school life. The thing about the first year at this school (its an art school so its very lenient to coming to understandings, as long as you don't repeatedly make mistakes) is that you are allowed to fuck up alot, however the school expects you to be able to understand the mistakes you made, and change them, so the second year is a lot less merciful. It's the end of the first semester, and I am pretty sure when my parents see the grades, I will be pulled from my school and lose the things I care about most. My depression has made it excruciatingly hard to get help as well, because I have convinced everyone around me that I am doing "great" and my depression is a thing of the past while in reality, I feel fucking awful, and honestly over Christmas break want to go to the hospital. I don't want to let my friends down though, because we planned on going on a road trip somewhere and doing a bunch of fun things in nature. I can't let everyone down again, I feel like if I do, I will end up proving everyone right, that I was inherently going to fail everyone. It feels like the only way I can keep my dignity is to kill myself, which is something honestly I am terrified to do. Does anyone have any advice, and is anyone willing to chat I don't know, I am sorry if I am wasting your time. (Sorry if this is weirdly written I am sick with the flu currently, and I have a high fever)
https://www.reddit.com/r/Draven/comments/5h14nz/giving_away_my_account/Says that he's from Finland.
Posting to this sub because, while it is running away, doing this would likely be suicide. School's been rough on me. Not because of bullies, I could beat them in a fight anytime, but because of stress and too much work.My grades are crap. I'm just not compatible with the system I suppose. In the likely case it all goes to hell, I have plans and supplies for a long hike. The most suicidal part is that I'm going to get as far away as possible. I'll likely head for the Trask Mountains which is a helluva distance on foot.  I'll pack supplies, such as food, water, and knives, of course. Possibly with friends. Research will need to be done.There are a lot of different things that make this suicidal, such as bad people, the distance, lack of food, and the cold of winter. Figured running away is better than flat out killing myself. I've already attempted suicide once and it hurt horribly. Maybe I'll wait until spring if possible so I don't freeze. Maybe I'll even have some sense then. 
Alright, guys. I'm a pretty normal person aside from personality disorder I hone. I'm having some problems and I'm afraid.This is a big deal for me, this is not an immediate problem, but if this gets worse it could.I have this voice, voices in my head that talk at the same time sometimes. I am *aware* that they're in my head, it can't be real but it gets worse...This is a dialogue of what could happen at any random moment of the day."Slit your wrists" and then I'll have images flashing of a razor gashes and slicing my wrists, or any random person's wrists."A sharp razor would feel amazing gliding through your skin, you need to do that now.""Just fucking die, I need to die, you need to die.""Imagine how it would be to hang yourself" "You should overdose""Get a gun, blow your brains out.""I need to die. Please kill me." This happens daily. I'll be walking randomly and will end up thinking about random upsetting things. I just recently lost a good friend, he stopped talking to me because he didn't benefit from me anymore. I'm scared for the safety of my family due to a domestic violence situation, and the abuser isn't in jail. Some days I'll just feel like I'm a big drag down for everyone (even though I'm not, I've had them reassure me over and over again). Or even if I see a gun (isn't often) or something sharp, my brain immediately says to use it on myself. I can't even watch gore movies anymore because it makes me want to act immediately. I don't know what's wrong though. I'm in college, doing fairly well in classes. I'm in a few important student organizations, I have a job, I just got a new car, *nothing is wrong* but these voices won't shut the fuck up and it's scaring me because I am closer and closer to thinking about different ways to instantly kill myself. I haven't been near a razor in months because of this reason. I don't drive near the side of the highway because the voices tell me to drive off. I don't go to rooftops, I know I'd jump. I'm worried. Please help, what should I do? why are these voices happening?? If I'm not listening to music, they're loud. What's going on?
To whoever finds this. Whatever. I know you're hurting that I'm gone. But just imagine what I was going through. Just imagine the pain. You don't put all this on someone. You don't leave them behind. You're supposed to care. When all I did was care. 
I just need to stop being a pussy and do it.  I have no options left.  I probably don't deserve to live anyway.  Goodbye all
Downvote me all you want, god knows reddit hates women and attention whores. I hate myself too.It doesn't matter how depressed or anxious I feel, no one wants to hear about it and no one cares at all about it. I can sense people's boredom and exasperation any time I bring it up. No, the only time it matters is when they think I'm about to die. Then, all of a sudden, they want me to talk and they want to be present and they want make sure I'm fine. Why? Because if I died *they* would feel bad. *They'd* feel guilty, it would reflect poorly on *them,* it would feel like *their* fault, and *they* don't want to deal with that. It's really not about me at all. No one has ever noticed or cared that I've had an eating disorder all these years because I "look healthy." If you don't "look" underweight, if you don't "look" like you're about to fall over and die, then no, it doesn't matter, so shut up because no one wants to hear about it. This isn't new information, I've known this for years since I was young: if you're alive, if you don't look like you're in any kind of "real" danger, then you will essentially be ignored. My feelings? Crying all the time? Hating myself? The mental hell that is my anxiety and depression? Nope, as long as I'm not dead yet, none of that matters. Any pain anyone has caused me doesn't matter either, they don't have to do anything about it or fix anything or reassure me or anything, because hey, as long as I'm still alive, I can't be doing all that poorly, right?I've always known that in order to be taken seriously, in order for someone to pay attention and actually care, I'd have to kill myself. I always knew this. I just grew accustomed to people not caring and became ok with it. I'm not ok with it anymore. I hate hating myself and no one wanting to help. I hate people having hurt me and then just thinking it's in the past and no longer relevant and never thinking to themselves "Hey maybe I should be a little more kind and compassionate towards -arabella given how horribly I made her feel. Yeah she's still alive, but maybe this still hurts her and I should at least try and make it better."I honestly can't wait until I successfully kill myself and then everyone finally gets it and is able to see what I'm feeling because apparently me simply expressing my feelings in words isn't enough, apparently I have to overdose and choke on my own vomit and die in order for people to take a fucking hint. This is what happens when you start treating your "mature," "precocious," "gifted," "sensible" daughter like a small adult starting at age fucking 4: she learns very quickly that she is never allowed to not be okay, and when she's not okay, everything's fine! She'll be fine! She can handle it! Don't worry about her! My feelings mean *absolutely nothing.* It doesn't matter what kind of pain I'm in. No one has to make me feel ok and loved and cared for -- nope, as long as I'm not dead, it's not their job. They can just ignore it and me. I cannot fucking wait to kill myself if that means someone will finally notice and listen and understand. And then it'll be too late to do anything because I'll be dead and gone forever and never have to feel any of this ever again. No one wants me to be their problem or burden. Fine. Ok. Whatever. I feel so ready and the more I think about this the better I feel. I finally feel empowered to do something that'll make things better for me and get through to the people in my life once and for all. I've never felt this confident and positive and honestly stoked to end my life; this is how I know for sure it's the right thing to do. This is awesome.
Im talking about this from a Philosophical perspective. Without heaven life is meaningless. So why shouldn't I commit suicide? If all there is after death is non existence why shouldn't I commit suicide right now if the outcome is the same as if I live a long and happy life for 70 years. 
i'm you 19 year old female go into premature midlife crisis because im turning 20 in a month or soi havent had a happy childhood or any friends nor success at school or a supportive familyi used to be butt ugly but now im decently pretty but i hate my thin hair flatchestedness having a bmi of 22 my weird farmers tani'm so insecure that i purposely am dating an overweight not very attractive guy to make me feel a lot prettier especially when i'm at my best state with hair freshly shamppoed and voluminzed skin looking lighter that usualonce i get the money im getting fat transfer for my flatchestednessand now im trying to lighten my tan and thicken my hair which i know is possible because my family is light skinned and thick haired mine just went away due to depression and dry sun sensitive skini just hate that i have to work so fuckin hard for iti also am an engineer major that worked so hard but i get so little back so fuck it and everything else in this worldpeople can sleep five hours and come to school all happy well groomed with nice skin whereas me just forget it i need 8 hours or im a mess i hate community college and im missing out on the social aspect i just want to get into a uc where they have nice clubs and make some friendsother days i feel like i want to throw away my life and live in a mental hospital for the rest of my damn life
I've decided I'm not going to die a virgin.  A friend who was nice to me a few days ago, I'm going to go to his place and let him do what guys do.  I've already figured out the time and place and hopefully, no one will find me so everyone who has hurted me will always be wondering, will I come back.I'm starting to get that homeless look and guys are coming up to me offering me money for sex.  I don't ever want to do that and when the schools close for Christmas, I will have no place to get food.  So the way I see it, my options are being a prostitute or dying.  I think dying is the best choice.
It's been about 3 months since I started thinking of suicidal thoughts, and it hasn't gotten any better since. A big problem when writing or typing these suicide notes is when I do, I get undeserved sympathy from others who I have emotionally manipulated to feel sorry for me. I don't mean to. I never mean to do it. That's all I hear, nothing but sorry, sorry, sorry. All the time it's sorry this or sorry that. Most of the time it's because I did one little thing wrong that causes a madhouse of swears and verbal abuse to be thrown in my direction. Nothing I do is apparently "right" anymore. It's never another way to do it. It's always this way and it will never change. Trying to commit suicide before has only made my desire to do it stronger, but my family and friends are so oblivious to it. I ask my mum or dad and they shoot me down with the same old phrases. Most of my friends I can't converse with because they act like the fucking internet, memeing and using profanity beyond belief. I wouldn't be able to talk with them without a joke immediately being shoved into my face.But, hey maybe SOMEONE actually cares, and maybe that someone can actually care about this one suicide note. But I have more chance of getting struck by lightning than that happening. I do not want the comments that are all full of love-dovey stupid nonsense of "Everyone does care!" or "It'll be alright!" I do not want those types of comments if anyone bothers to write them.Suicide will most likely commence after school breaks up for the year. I cannot take it anymore. Especially being the autistic piece of shit I am. Oh, did I not mention that? I have a condition that makes me even more sympathetic! Oh, and what's that? You do art that doesn't look like art and is more of a toddler's crayon drawing??! OMG, I MUST LEAVE LOVELY COMMENTS YOU MUST NOT COMMIT SUUUUUICEDE! I've got nothing more to say, I'm gonna deactivate most of my accounts. If not doing that I'll just go offline.Permanently.
A lot of personal stuff happened the last few days and I feel like shit. I feel extremely alone, hate this... I cannot find comfort in anything I do... I just feel like I am not gonna be happy ever. I feel everything is just unfair. Sometimes I just want a hug or something, I want to feel that someone really cares, instead of they pretending to care, like they did. I was just backstabbed by a friend who always said that she would never. She was my best friend and now I just feel lonely. I sometimes feel like not waking up. I force myself out of bed every single day. Help me.

At the parking structure I had my feet over the edge and was about to jump off. My social skills are terrible. I make people uncomfortable and am off putting especially to girls. I have friends but not many just a ton of friendly aquaintences. I spend most weekend nights either weight lifting, playing video games or studying. I hear people talk about the parties they get invited to and what they send to their friends on snap chat. Very rarely do I get invited to parties and no one texts me just to talk or shares snap chat moments beyond what they send everyone. For 5 years I did every thing I could to get the social skills needed to make tons of friends and have dating life. I volunteered at a social position 20 hours a week for a few months, took two acting classes, forced myself to engage in small talk with people I ran into, talk to people in line, say hi to girls who smile at me, approach 1 girl a day, attend as many social functions as I can even if I don't want to, going to mock interviews, ask friends for advice, actively reading body language, and reading books/blogs on body language, charisma, social skills, communication, networking, how to not be creepy, etc. Friends fsmily say I shouldn't change the way I am but the way I am isn't sufficient. I also put in effort to improve my looks by weight lifting, eating healthy, and having a trendy haircut. I'm good looking enough that I can get a ton of dates online. However none of these girls wanted continue dating me. A couple wanted to continue as friends.Despite all that effort I am still called socially awkward, socially inept, weird in a good way, asked if I am a virgin  and offputting. A few times I caused tension because I made some girl feel uncomfortable. I have a ton of acquaintances both male and female but very rarely does it translate to anything. It doesn't help that I have esoteric tastes and am conservative in a very liberal area.It's hard to get out of bed because of all the depression from the fact that I am missing out on so much in my life. That the window of opportunity is closing as people start settling down when they hit their 30s, and leave the party life behind. The way people look at a 30 something who still parties. That regardless of being in shape, good at programming, having an awesome internship, and studying a difficult subject that people will always judge me for my lack of interpersonal skills. That there is something about me that makes some people not want to be friends with me or even feel uneasy.I want to have that fulfilling life with great memories.  
I met a girl over the internet like 5 years ago and we got pretty good friends. I always had more feelings for her than she did for me and so i was just there and we played or did whatever every day. About a year ago she got a boyfriend and that kinda crushed my feelings a lot and i got really depressed. I was really drunk last week and in my drunkness i told her all the feelings i had for her. I shouldnt have done that, what did i expect? She is 5 years older than me and just think im a little boy she plays some video games with. I really dont know what to do now, i cant do anything with her anymore cause it just gets so awkward. The most important part of my life is gone, now im just sitting in my room all day long and think about how i can fix this, but i just cant. I cant do this anymore.

My friend has recently brung up the situation about depression, anxiety and such to me. He even brought up suicide, and how he felt like he wanted to die.I'm really fucking scared for him now, please just any ways i can support him would be great. As i am in the same situation as him, i would hate to see him go.
Trying to get out of my situation.-In contact with father who molested me and is paying for the place I live at, my phone, and things like that.-My family, not considering the person called my father, can barely handle their own issues, and cannot give good advice.-I have tried to find a therapist to talk about everything, and still looking.-I get good sleep and exercise five days a week.-Have experienced depersonalization for a year now (I have coped with the panic by being around people who understand, trying to just not panic, exercise, and things like focusing on something I really want to do)-I want to move out of where I am living, I'm in the United States, but I don't think I have enough support to deal with how unsure I feel. I think I'm afraid I don't know what I'm doing because it is out of desperation, and I guess panic.-I want to help people because I know how it feels to be torn apart by circumstances you feel are not in your control, for that moment or however long. -I feel that if I don't help myself I can never help anybody; I try to help people but it feels disastrous sometimes.-I think I have pretty bad PTSD considering the year long depersonalization? I mean jesus christ ..-I am not suicidal because of the great threads on reddit I read a few years ago and about what suicide survivors thought the moment they knew they were about to end it. -I feel very stuck, please help.
Hi. Im 25 years old.I used to be a happy, carefree guy who lived a fullfilling life. Then shit happened. My grandparents died this summer, both within a month, I loved them more than anything. On September 6th, I fell into depression, got a debilitating anxiety disorder...at the beginning I could cope with it pretty well. I went to a therapist who prescribed me meds. She assured me that I would be okay pretty soon. I was full of hope, didnt want to give up. Until that day. The day which completely destroyed me.I was watching a TV show about some philosopical theories from the past. There was that thing called solipsism. I wish I would have never heard about that. Solipsism is basically a theory that people around you are just a part of your imagination and nothing is real but you. As soon as I heard about that, my anxiety and fear exploded from 1 to 1000. Here is where my derealisation phase began. I cant enjoy life anymore. Solipsism is the only thing Im thinking about. Whenever I talk to my parents, friends, crush etc. the only thing thats in my mind is "oh, they are not real. they have no feelings. they dont think. they just pretend to be human". I had a dream. I wanted to become a comic artist. But now, my brain made me give up on that, cause its convincing me that theres no point in drawing a comic if there are no "real" people to read it. I KNOW, I KNOW, that sounds bullshit and Im 100% sure that solipsism is not true and that my thoughts are absurd (I dont believe them) but still I cant get them out of my mind. Its like a fight I cant win. The harder I try, the more those thoughts attack me and ruin my life.You know what happened yesterday? A little boy got bullied by some other kids on the street. I didnt help, I mean why should I, he doesnt have feelings anyway. I know, Im a horrible person. A psychopath. A danger for society.On December 5th, I gave up. Anxiety and that solipsism nonsense ruined my life. Thats why Im ending myself now. There is no point in living anymore if I cant enjoy life even for a second. Im only suffering. Im crying, cause half a year ago I used to be so happy and full of joy, now Im a trainwreck. It all happened so fast. I dont understand, what have I done for being punished by God so hard?However, goodbye. Have a nice life everyone. If I cant, then I hope you will <3
Long story short, at around 1am last night I got a phone call from one of my friends that another of our friends had just hung himself. We're all 18 years old and never thought he would do this.Now, the evening after, I feel very strange. I didn't sleep at all last night and just was on the phone with friends until it was time to wake up. However, although quite tired, I feel quite calm. I assumed if something like this ever happened I'd be a complete mess but I feel quite relaxed. Can anyone explain this to me because it feels very ominous? Also, in the unfortunate chance that someone's experienced a similar thing, could you give any advice on how a close group of young lads could deal with it? Thanks everyone. 
Hi,  This is a throwaway account. I have set the date and made preparations to end it. To give some background about my story. I found out that I have Bipolar disorder ( BPII ). I researched for possible solutions and treatment options.  I realized that there is a road ahed of me with lots of pain and suffering. I know that no matter what I do I am destined to live a low quality life due to my condition and will not be able to live a life as normal people. What is worse is that, as I get older I will be always a burden to the people that are close to me. Marrying with someone and having children is not an option for me since no one should share such burden and there is a high risk that my children will inherit the ilness therefore, I am destined to die alone. I am well aware about the viewpoint of society on mental ilnesses, I believe that so few people really understands what we are going through and without experiencing the things from perspective of our brain we will always be regarded as people that do not try harder , lazy and broken. At this point, I want to end it with dignity rather than loosing everything slowly and painfully. I don't want to be humiliated and lose every respect that I have so far due to some psychotic, manic episode that I would be likely experience in future.  Sorry for ranting and venting, just wanted to let things off my chest before ending it and was curious about the views of normal people about the situation or experiences of the people in same situation.Best 
My ex partner and I were together for 3 years. We had a lot of things going on and had been through a lot together. We are both f 25. We broke up 4 months ago. My ex has bipolar and during the 3 years was admitted 7 times into a psychiatric ward. During our last year together, she had attempted suicide 3 times (2 times in a hospital, once at home). The last attempt I came home to find her overdosed on antidepressants and sleeping pills. From this, she spent 5 days in the cardiac ward.  She nearly died and I freaked. Looking back, I did not deal with this the right way. We got through it, but I was not coping with finding her like that (when i found her she was still conscious she said "you came home too early". She got better. Things were still difficult and I was still not 100% but we stayed together for another 8 months happily.I spiralled out of control with and engaged in sex work (didnt not sleep with the guy). She found out and was destroyed- and obviously broke up with me for cheating. I take full responsibility for these actions. I am aware of everything and I do not want to be roasted on reddit for my huge mistake.My ex and I have been sleeping together 2-3 times a week. It's obviously all a secret because of what I did. We both have admitted on many occasions that we're still very much in love with eachother. Her mum knows everything and speaks with me, she knows I love her and made a huge mistake. She wants us to get back together but my ex cannot trust me (which is fair enough). Yesterday we spent the day together.During the day she was kissing me and saying how much she loved me and I stupidly said how much I wished we could be together because I would do anything to gain her trust again. She got upset and just said "you fucking smashed my heart into pieces". I apologised of course and confessed my love AGAIN before I left. I did no contact for a month when we first broke up. I have tried seeing other people. My friends know what I've done. Ive been talking to professionals. I just can't seem to let her go. We were engaged. This was who I thought I would spend the rest of my life with. Some times I feel okay and realise I am not my mistakes. Other days I want to kill myself. Today is one of those days. I can't live with the guilt and I cant live with the shame. I destroyed the best thing in my life. It's been 4 months and I don't know what to do anymore. I cant live with what I did anymore.
Another fucking day in Hell... I wake up each day wishing I hadn't. Rationally I can't justify any of this shit at this stage. I am a shadow. I can't escape.. I numb the pain with alcohol, gambling and video games. My sleep patterns are inverted. All I see is darkness, literally. No passions left, no interests nothing left but painful memories... I've entirely detached myself from society too. We have nothing in common any more. It's not your fault it's not my fault it's just how it is.. I simply do not fit in any more. I've nothing left but hate and resentment in my heart. I truly hate this world with every ounce of my being. At this stage as sick as it sounds I can only find comfort in others' suffering. I want to see others suffer just like I have as it's all I can relate to. I read the news hoping to find something more tragic than my own life. Years of good intentions never got me anywhere in this fucked up world. It's really not hard to understand why I am like this. Would you continue playing a game which you've been cheated from for 27 years? Because I'm no sucker that's for sure so why would I want participate in a game which has been rigged against me from the start? Honestly, the only reason I haven't topped myself yet is because there are a couple of people which will be forever destroyed if I do it. Wow what a fucking dilemma. No part of me wants to be in this cesspool anymore but I still feel like I have some responsibility left. Man, I just wish there was a God so I could spit in his face. Breaking point is near I feel..
Every day my life gets into an even shittier state. I no longer know how I can possibly keep living like this. Today was the first day I had gone to school in weeks as well as the same day that the counselor decided I should take a break from attending. This decision was made due to the amount of severe anxiety that would come up as soon as I even stepped foot in the class. I would begin to cry, twitch, shake, and violently hit myself all in front of the other students. I go to a school designed specifically for those with anxiety and depression and yet despite this, I'm still considered the "odd" one out of the group. Nowhere I go am I capable of fitting in, for I am too socially inept to know how to talk to people as well as extremely self-conscious. To give you an idea of how worried I am of what others think of me, I'll provide a few examples- when I play video games (or at least, back when I actually enjoyed video games) I would **have** to keep the curtains closed out of fear someone outside would see what I was playing if I didn't. When my grandparents asked me what some of my favorite bands were, I had a panic attack. When out in public with my only friend, I'll refrain from speaking whenever she happens to bring up one of our interests.Every day something new is there to make me ridiculously anxious and panicky. At first, it was climate change. Then, severe cosmophobia. And just recently, I've become a hypochondriac and am constantly convinced I am dying in some way. My greatest fear right now is a brain tumor, but at this point in time I welcome such a thing. I'm also currently terrified that I'm going blind, but with how many symptoms I'm showing and how many problems I have with my eyes already it may as well be accepted as fact. I know already that by the time I go to the optometrist, they'll reveal to me that I'm going to lose all of my vision. It wouldn't be a surprise to me by then.All of the health issues I have are completely my fault. Others claim that what I have is an eating disorder, but what I think my issue is is that I'm simply a stupid human being. I don't have "binge eating disorder", I am just lazy and dumb, which is why I'm such a fat, ugly looking pig. I know already that relationships won't be in my future because no sane person would ever fall in love with someone who has a face and body like mine. Considering my poor health is it most likely I have type 2 diabetes- I don't even have to test for it to know it's true. I am a stupid person and all of my goals for the future are completely unrealistic and unachievable for someone like myself. All of the jobs I wish to go into when I get older have much higher skill requirements than I am capable of. With how expensive housing is the chances are I'll be living my parents for as long as they're around and probably won't even be able to get paid minimum wage. I fail to see how I, a person who isn't even capable of doing a basic level of grade 10 math, is expected of be able to graduate high school and eventually college. It is impossible. My future is bound to be shit, and because of this I don't want to be alive to experience it. My fears have completely consumed me and I am no longer capable of living in a world like this one, where I have no idea how to socialize and am too dumb and ugly to live up to anyone's standards. I see no reason why I should keep living.
It just feels like my life begins to fall apart as soon as good things begin to happen. My grades are going up, I have straight A's, haven't been sick in over a year and my nail is almost finally grown back from when I lost it. Then, boom. I miss two days of school since I got sick, and I'm falling behind. I have two A-'s, three B-'s, a C-, and a D. The skin on the finger that lost the nail refuses to grow back, and all my friends are being assholes to me. It feels like I can't think straight and I'm getting paranoid of everything. I nearly kicked my cat thinking it was an intruder the other day. Why does this happen? It all just makes me want to jump off a bridge.
I have something to write, but I am not quite sure everything will work out as I would want, nevermind.I have recently become an atheist, I have traits of borderline personality disorder, I am a minority, I'm unsatisfied with my mental abilities, I have doubts about my sexuality and my social condition is shit. I'm considerably young and I lack relationship skills. I don't see any meaning in life and I consider jumping from a building by sunset.I can't help but to feel disgusted by the way nature has designed me, it might seem melodramatic but I see our existence as weak and yet I feel there is still hope to live in a better way, perhaps a millenia from now.Help me.
24 hours of bullshit, then 15 hours of waiting, then I'll talk with my doc. Then, if she insults me again. Thats it. I made my decisions. If she insults me one more god damn time. I will fucking od, I dont care anymore. Fuck this life,I wish I could nuke this fucking planet.
I've just stumbled upon this subreddit, not in hopes of making myself feel better, or for sympathy from internet people who clearly do care about the well being of others, but just to vent. I've had a few people in the past to talk to, but im pretty sick of it. If you truly want to read this all, please take the time to read it. I'm not going to make a TLDR or whatever, but if you are actually interested in hearing my story then here it is.Little intro about myself; My name is Kody, im 22 years old, and I have some issues. Growing up, i was a problem child. I never really had a childhood. At the age of 2, my father decided to leave me and my mother, and my unborn brother at the time. That was fine to me, considering I was very young and didn't fully understand what was happening. Takes a little bit of a tole on me now, but I will bring it up later. Anyways, after my father left me, my mom got together with Doug, who is my brother Tyler's dad.(Was) I grew up with him being around for quite some time. Turns out, he was a little bit of  a drinker. My mom would always go out and buy him beer, while he sat around and did nothing all day. But me being a young child, I didn't really understand too much what was going on. Here's where shit got a little rough for me. I was locked in my room. Every fucking day for 2 or 3 years. I honestly can't remember at this point anymore, my mind has thrown in down behind me. The only time that I was allowed to come outside of my room was A, if i had to eat, which was always Kraft Dinner, and B, when I had to piss. But even then it was a rare occurance. So life goes on. I'm stuck in my room everyday, with fuck all to do, and that affects a kid on a large scale. So a few times I had to pee, but i wasn't allowed out of the room. Keep in mind the room was locked from the outside, so there was no way of me getting out. So i had to resort to pissing in my room. So i pissed on the wall. Like what would you do? So my dumbass pisses on an outlet, shorting out a bunch of shit, which resulted in Doug coming in to check up on me. That's when i got my ass whooped. Lots. I get thrown back into my little dungeon, and got locked in there for a few days without eating. Or school. My mom was trying to figure out what to do. I don't blame her about it now, but I wish she could had made a choice to remove us from the house. But can't change it now. At this point, I was losing my mind. Screaming in a room with no help to come for me. My brother and Mom couldn't really do much, my brother being 2 years younger than me and my mom with a lack of voice. So eventually he decides it would be a good reason to board up the window. The only time i can see my mom when she leaves for work. That ruined me. I continue on to school, and this happens for about another year. Doug passed away a few years ago. He died of liver failure. I fucking wish I could have told him how much he fucking destroyed my life. I fucking wish I could have killed him myself. But I don't get the glory of that anymore. I can't tell him how I truly feel. This has affected me in so many ways. I have extreme add, I don't take pills for it, and I haven't really got my mental health looked at anytime recent. I cannot keep any intimate relationship. This one girl that I have been with for almost half a year now, is trying so hard to change me and make me into a better person. But all I do is fuck up. I hurt her everyday, I unintentionally mentally abuse her, and all what I really want is for her to know that I love her beyond anything imaginable but all I do is fuck everything up. I just fucking wish I could be normal and be everything she wants in a guy. I think shes only staying with me now to hold onto the old me. I was okay when we first met. Now im a disaster. I'm glad she's here for me, but she doesn't deserve it. She really doesn't. I just wish i wasn't such a fuckup.For the past half year, I got into drugs pretty bad. Same with drinking. Cocaine, and MDMA mostly, with me binge drinking and making terrible decisions. One night when she was over, I decided to get super drunk and go drive my car without a license. So with everyone trying to stop me from leaving the driveway, I run over my current girlfriend, (Foot) and drive away to go do cocaine at a friends house. At that point I knew i was fucked in the head. I've been pretty fucked up since. I just want to be normal. I've tried killing myself a few times in the past half year. Not going into too much details about it, but it resulted in many psyche visits and hospital visits. This is not normal. This is not okay. I'm not happy living here anymore. I just want everything to stop. I wish i could show my girlfriend how much I love her. I wish I could tell my family about how I truly feel. No one actually cares. The only time I feel like someone actually cares is if I threaten my own life. But it's not about me. It's about them, because it would feel bad on their mind knowing that I could have been saved if they had just listened to me. I wanted to write more, but it's 2:15 am, i have school in 4 hours, and I need to somewhat try to keep myself incheck for the days ahead. I just need help. I want to be helped. I don't know what's wrong with me. I just want to be normal

What do you do when you have a problem, you know the solution, but for you, it is an unattainable solution?Edit: What if you lead an empty life of misery and disappointment? You were denied your childhood, abused by nearly every adult in your family as well as the people near your age. Imagine getting through that and then having another crushing blow...only this time there's no way out. There's no solution and you're obsessing? You're on your last leg and just when you start to see where you could bust your ass and fix most of your problems...you realize you have a problem that can never be fixed? Wouldn't suicide, then, be the logical decision?
I don't really want to live after that, i just want to make it to one last Christmas before I give in to the urges.i dont even think i can explain anymore of my story its just too much too handle for me because im weak and cant handle the few hurdles i actually have had to face in my life. im weak and pathetic and a stupid teenager and ive lost the last things that would motivate me to get out of bed in the morning.
I have no reason not to at this point
I might lose my job. School isn't working out in my favor, my family can't stand having me around.... I'm sick of it. I keep sitting here wondering why I'm here. And I wish someone was here but no one.
I don't know if this belongs here or in r/depression, but I'm posting here because I don't want to upset the people in that community if it doesn't belong there. I've been suicidal for years. At least 6 years. I got drunk and took 40 zoloft when I was 16, two years ago. I immediately told my mom and forced myself to puke them out because I was scared. How could I be so fucking stupid? Why did I tell her? Why did I ruin the perfect opportunity to end it? She would have never known. I could have gone to my room and fallen asleep and died and gotten it over with. I'm so fucking stupid. I'm a fucking coward. God, I hate myself. I'm a horrible person. I can't handle my pain so I lash out on my best friends and my family. I feel so bad when I do it. I know they don't deserve it. This is just another reason why I deserve to die. Even though they don't know it, everyone would be much better off without me. I've caused so much stress for my family and friends. I don't fucking deserve to live. And I don't want to. I will never amount to anything, and I know it. I have no special skills or talents. No motivation. I hate the way I look (and I can't change it without plastic surgery). There is absolutely nothing good about me. I cry when I think of all the little kids in the hospital, dying before they even got the chance to live. I wish so much that I could give my life to them, and take their illness and let it kill me instead. I feel like I don't have a right to take my own life, when theirs is unfairly being taken from them so soon. I have wondered about euthanasia for severe depression. I once heard that a lady was allowed to be euthanized because of her depression. I don't know if that's true. I'm too much of a pussy to kill myself, and I know I'd be hurting others if I went through with it. I would probably fail anyway, like I've failed at everything else in life. I want to be beautiful. I want to be smart, fun, outgoing, confident, popular, and happy. I will never be any of those things.For now I will not try to kill myself, but I am trying to work up the courage to do it. I know I'd regret it and be terrified right after, so I would have to find a way to go really quickly so I can't change my mind. It's not that I don't actually want to die, it's just human nature to fight for life and freak out when your life is threatened, which is why I pussied out the first time. Wow, I'm fucking pathetic. If anyone even reads this, I'm sorry that I just bored you with my pity party. 
As I'm typing this the event I'm about to mention happened only about an hour ago so I apologize if I ramble as I'm very shaken. I don't know where to start but my point of this post is that I hope this can help someone. Anyone. I was smoking a cigarette on my break not too long ago when the mailman comes by to hand my father(family business) the mail. He mentions something is going on on the bridge right behind our shop. My dad has always looked out for this complex and always is the first to run into dangers way. Well, today was no different. This time he asked me to come with. I had no idea what was going on so I clumsily follow. As I get closer to the bridge I see a wheelchair right up against the guard rail. A cane propped against the bridge. My heart dropped. I knew what I would find if I kept walking but a small flicker of hope in me thought that the man who jumped maybe broke bones and I could run down and help. That's sadly not what I saw. Today I saw something that will forever change me. As someone who has struggled with depression, someone who's had a close call with ending my own life. I feel utterly broken. I don't know this man. I never will. All I will know is something pained him so much as to take his own life. And that is what hurts so much. That maybe if I saw him moments before I could have helped in some way. I guess my point of this is to talk out what I just saw. But also to let people know that even if you don't think anyone cares if you go thru with it. Even if you don't feel loved. I want to tell you that is a lie. You are beautiful and you are loved and life will get better. Please please please reach out. Talk about it. Let others help you. It's not weakness to feel pain and not weakness to get help. Speaking up and asking for help helped me and is why I'm alive today. And to those not dealing with suicidal thoughts please help your fellow human. Be a shoulder to cry on, an ear. If you feel you're not qualified to help(we aren't always qualified even if we come from the sincerest of places) please help them get professional help. Love to everyoneMay your days be bright and full of hope
I've been dealing with sexual, painful intrusive thoughts for 4 years now. It ruined my 2 year relationship and now that person has become part of the problem, torturing me almost constantly. Physical urges have become depressive triggers, and I can barely browse Reddit anymore thanks to that.I love playing music and video games, but can't focus anymore. I'd love to dive into a new game like FFXV, but I can hardly play an hour before the thoughts consume me and make me so depressed I can't focus.I've been in inpatient therapy recently, and did outpatient as well, trying so SO hard to fix this. I'm on anti psychotics, depressants and anti anxiety meds and I still feel all this pain.People know I'm not safe... I can't get my girl back... and every moment is torture. It's been 3 months I've been out of college now and I can't see myself going back into that environment. Please... any help? thank you.
My grades are terrible and i'm really scared i won't be able to go to a good college and start a life or anything.  My grades are shit, and i'm in my junior year of highschool.After highschool i'd like to work with computers or do something with powerlifting but both of those are near impossible.The girl i like who is also my bestfriend is complete opposite of me.  Super smart, good grades, has their life planned out.  And i'm praying i can make something out of competitive powerlifting since lifting weights is brainless and that's the only thing i'm good at.  What my lies ahead for me in my future seems dark, considering me in my current state. 
I ran away from home when I was younger, and would not have come back if the police hadn't come for me. I just feel like I've always been wasting everyone's time my whole life. I've never been too interested in the whole living experience. I understand that other people see some sort of value, get some sort of fulfillment out of it, so I have tried supporting people as much as I can. more than 85% of all money I have earned from work has gone to charities that I believe in. But my drive to help other people has never let me sleep easy at night. How could it? another day was coming. another day where the only reason I would have to keep moving was not causing anyone else pain, while allowing myself to endure it."You have a ****** up brain." That's what my first therapist told me. I was sent in for treatment after my first attempt failed. They took my shoelaces. It's not just the Anxiety attacks, the lack of serotonin, the social anxiety that made me feel like fire whenever I talked to people, the mania, or the psychosis my head inflicts on itself when trying to solve the unlimited number of variables that is life at once, (which eventually lead to schizophrenia and hallucinations) its that I have no reason other than other people. On the note of other people being my reason for still being here, we have a problem. Globally, I mean. Our resource's are being continually eaten away by the exponentially increasing number of people being born. With limited energy, time, and food to solve the problem, I see no reason why my life should drain more than it should from this planet. Especially when I really have never wanted to be here in the first place. The only reason I am still here is that I have people I love that I want to spare from pain. But I've been wearing that lifeline down thin over the last few months. Honestly, I hope you all have a good day, if you can, for reading this far. But I promise you that you will all be better off, culturally, economically, and ideologically, if someone so bothered by their very existence like me didn't wake up tomorrow.
Please be aware that there's a risk of trolling in response to posts mentioning politics. We are allowing posts of this nature from individuals in sincere distress because we know that the political climate can impact our emotions, worldview, and hopes for the future.  But we also encourage you to consider carefully whether you might feel comfortable reaching out to another source of support, such as one of the [hotlines in our international directory](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/wiki/hotlines).  You might also want to have a look at [these resources for helping those struggling with thoughts of suicide](http://redd.it/1c3p3z).  We are taking all possible steps to prevent abuse, but if you receive any kind of trolling or guideline-breaking response to a post or comment you've made here, whether it mentions politics in any way or not, please let us know and we'll be on it as soon as we can.  We have been and still are working closely with the reddit admins to ensure that anyone who abuses vulnerable people here is dealt with, not just at the subreddit level.  Edit:  Added direct links to resources & clarified wording.  

Im a 16 year old guy and i was raped violentlu recently. Its been messing with my head a lot. Im cutting, i feel numb, worthless, pathetic and disgusting.I just dont know what to do anymore it feels so bad. I just want to kill myslef and im already planning on doing it. I just cant go on anymore i dont see the point. Im depressed and i hate my life and myself. I want tp kill myslef in a few days. 
25, dropped out of high school. Been failing college my whole life. I want out of this. But now I'm in debt that I can't run away from.Working 50 hours a week. Tired and exhausted. I just want to run away to Europe and back pack through the whole world lol.Only thing stopping me is what it'd do to my brother and sister, the only two people I care about in the world. But I'm stuck far away from them and we've grown apart. And my pain has only been growing, eventually it will take precedence.I've been depressed and suffering from anxiety my whole life. I remember holding a kitchen knife to my chest when I was 5.I am only happy and cheerful to everyone I meet. I've never shared the extent of my depression with anyone. Partly so I could always have suicide as an out without raising suspension.I  feel like I crossed a threshold lately. I want help. I don't have access to a doctor. I did CBT through school for 6 months. But I felt like a burden on the system and made little progress.
Meds aren't working anymore. Therapy is useless. I've tried everything. I've wanted to die since I was five years old and tonight I'm finally going to get my wish.
She says I'm the only one who makes her happy, so I try to be with her as much as possible. However, I can't always be there due to school and work.Her parents are very nice to her 50% of the time, but the other 50% they act quite silly and harsh towards her, which makes her even more sad.I try to do so much, but I just don't know what else I can do. I can't imagine losing her, and I need help before it's too late. She even told me she thinks about suicide often, but didn't do it. She also cut herself in the past.She's very open to me and I'm pretty sure she says anything which is great.Thanks so much in advance for the help ;cEDIT: She has been depressed for several years now, she almost lost a very close family member years back.
I should go. Just run upstairs and slit whatever parts on my body and bleed out. I don't care anymore. I don't want to be alive. Everyday it's the same thing. I'm miserable to the point of me wanting death. I always think of how I can kill myself sooner. I'm thinking of buying a gun soon just to do that. I'm tired of living every day being angry and sad. By getting away from my emotions. No one cares about me anyway so it's not like I'll be missed.
What's the point of writing when I know nonody will reply
Hello, my friend has left me a message which heavily suggests she is going to end her life. She is no longer replying to my messages and I don't know what to doShe lives in Brazil and I live in Scotland so I can't contact the police to help her. I have reported her to twitter and emailed tumblr (linking her account) about it.  I really really need help. I don't have any family or friend contacts but I do have her facebook account (we never added each other so I can't see her friends) and I also have her reddit. If anyone can help please do. She means the world to me and I really cannot let this happen. 
I was prescribed Wellbutrin a while back.  I stopped taking it a few months ago, I'm not really sure why. I was happier when I was on it then and I felt like I didn't need it.  I couldn't have expected anything but a downward spiral after that, and that's what I got.  So I'm going to start taking it again.  The dose I was on was around 150mg (pediatric dose, I was under 18 when I was on it) but I think I'll start around 400mg.  The normal level for an overdose starts about there.  It's apparently quite psychoactive and may even give me seizures.  Hopefully after a few days of steadily ramping up the dose it will kill me.  I'm really happy that all of this might be over soon.  Wish me luck!  :DIf the Wellbutrin isn't enough there is a parking garage at my school I can jump off of.  I'd just perfer not to have someone have to scrape me off the sidewalk.  It seems like that would ruin someone's day. It wouldn't be the first time I've done that.  I've made so many people so goddamn miserable what more could it do?  Some poor bastard will have to pull my intestines out of the cracks in the sidewalk.  I fantasize about a bullet ripping apart my skull, or a noose tightening around my neck, or feeling my body shut down as I overdose on all manner of drugs, prescription and otherwise.  The only thing in my life that I take pride in is my car.  I drive a magnetic grey 2015 Ecoboost Mustang.  Her name is Natasha and I keep her completely spotless.  It's too bad that I won't be able to get a cold air intake and cat back exhaust, plus all the aesthetic mods I wanted for her.  I'm thinking about including in my suicide note to my parents to give Natasha to my best friend.  This is because they won't want to keep her since she'll remind them of me, and I don't want them to just sell it to some random person.  He's more of an import guy but he'll appreciate her.  She'll be driven, like she is meant to be.  Think it's a good idea?I kinda went off on a tangent there but I do that a lot when I'm having a mental breakdown.  Sorry!  I'll shut up now.
I have a very valuable piece of informationone that will make you laughor smileor feel goodit's one of the rare things i've seen in my life that just makes me happybecause it's two best friendsjust being best friendsnot causing trouble, or having fun at someone else's expensejust being happy togetherso if you'd like to see itplease comment or somethingbecause i would love to share this goofy happiness with you guys and gals toomy day today has been absolutely horrible.i tried to do the dishes and started crying so hard i couldn't see what i was doingand somehow i ended up hereso pleasesmile with mei need to smile, and i would love to make you smile too
My parents divorced just when I was born, my mom began to hit me since I was 4, just the same age as I started getting bullied, my dad tried to brainwash me just to use me against my mom, when I was 7 I lost the best and only friend I had, he killed himself, I am now a 15-16 year old, and I still suffer all of this, nobody helps me, my family pushes me away and insults me behind my back, teachers don't do anything even though I tell them, they just don't care.. I've been depressed all my life and.. Im just losing my will to keep going, please, someone help me.. I can't keep going for long.

I'm going to do it tonight. I just don't feel the point in continuing to try and be well when I can't get there. Just one hurdle after another. If I OD, how quick will it be? How awful will I look when my husband discovers me? Want it to be as untraumatic as possible, given the circumstances. 
I'm so unhappy. My life is a grey stream of nothing. I don't want to wake up tomorrow. I don't want to even make it to the end of this post. I feel so alone. Nothing has improved since when I drunkely posted here 6 months ago.Is there anybody out there?
I'm a foreigner living temporary in his country trying to stay permanently. English is not my native language, also I'm unemployed and live abroad first time in my life.We met each other without expectations and it was intense and romantic relationship which we both enjoyed. We both took it serious. But he stopped it up suddenly, by shutting me out after a romantic night. He never said goodbye or explain why he did it.Sex wasn't the only thing why we were together, but it was magnificent: classical and romantic. I was submissive (which I never liked before) and he enjoyed his maleness. He tied me up only once, but emotionally our sex was sadomasochistic. He was looking at my eyes and had my soul.We were very close and shared a lot with each other. He meant a world to me and he adored me. With all my wicked games (I easily manipulate men and sometime did it for fun) he was telling that when he looks at me he sees himself like in a mirror.I went from a suicidal stage (when I was calling a helpline for a suicidal people) to sever anxiety and then depression.After 2 weeks in hell trying to find a reason why he did it, I tried to stop to think about him. I'm young, quiet good looking, attractive and intelligent woman. I liked my single life before. After a month I start to go to dates again. Every time I have sex with a random bloke I see my ex in a weirdest nightmares I ever had. It's bloody and disgusting, it terrifies me. It's a constant torture. I wake up in a cold sweat, I want to hurt myself and I feel suicidal again.I never met someone like him before. He is handsome and attractive but I loved him for his personality. I never trusted anyone as I trusted him. It changed my mind. One part of me wanted to settle down, get married and be with him (I didn't want to be in relationship before). The other was telling that I'm totally insane looking for his age, social status and psychological problems. Now I don't know what I am looking for. I have a feeling that I never ever fell in love again and this two month were best time in my life.How to overcome this emotional pain? In a current situation I can't afford therapist and I don't have any friends around. It's not the only reason for me being so depressed, but it is a trigger to my depression and anxiety. I barely force myself to do a random things such as waking up in the morning, cooking, cleaning and communicate with people. I have no passion to live.I jumped into a new relationship simply because it's someone who cares about me, to force myself to do something... But the inside I feel the same. Like I had the love that I was craving for all my life and I will never have the same again. So I have no reason to live. It's sounds stupid for a woman of my age. Any suggestions what should I do? I can't struggle with this pain anymore. 
This is probably me being stupid, but what the hell.This evening I had to go back to my office because there's some important documents that needs to be sorted out. I made it to the office at around 23:00. I handle the keys to my office since we run a small company, and I'm one of 2 employees that work there. I got to my computer, and realized I made a very small mistake, an easily overlooked mistake I shouldn't have made. I sent an important document to the wrong person with similar name, and exactly verbatim surname but somehow they work in the same company, and same address. I reported to my boss about this mistake, he was quite lenient. I still feel terrible about this.I live with my mom. So I had to tell my mom that I have to get back to the office before I left. When I got home earlier at around 20 o'clock, she asked me about money issues (my mom is unemployed and a widow for 16 years, I make living for her, her dad, and my little brother who is currently in college), I didn't answer because after all it's my money, and I have the right to keep it to myself.My mom didn't see it that way. As every so often, we don't meet eye to eye regarding serious issues.When I got to the office, she bombarded me with long-winded texts about how I don't trust her anymore because I kept secrets from her. She said my brother and I don't think that she's important anymore, that we don't care about her, that her existence no longer has meaning for us. She often does this when she's upset, and almost every fucking time, she threatened us with suicide!Turns out my mom didn't see the last 4 years I spent working alone, saving money, not buying video games I've always liked to play, not going out with friends that often to save some cash, and I didn't even muster up the courage to tell my crush I've been having a crush on since 8 years ago for fear that the feeling would reciprocate, and I'll have to choose between raising a family with her, or keeping my current family alive and well. My mom thought I was being selfish, and she had to live all the hard life while I'm having fun all by myself.It was around 23:40 or something. I was (and currently am) alone in the office, locked the steel doors from the inside. My credibility as an employee has been stained by that mistake I made earlier, and now my heart is broken, too.We have this portable power generator in the office. We put it near our storage room, a 2x2 meters room with no ventilation of any sort. After reading my mom's text, I went to the generator, wheeled it into the storage room, I put doormats to seal the gap under the door, and put my hand on the starter cord for about 10-15 minutes. I heard it should take just a few minutes for CO to take its toll on my body. I'm glad that it doesn't take too long. I was actually thinking about pulling the cord, and kinda surprised that I haven't already pulled it.And I didn't. It occurred to me that I'm working hard for my brother's education so he can have a better future than mine (I'm just a high school graduate). I couldn't give two and a half shits what my mom thinks, she's the one who did nothing to help anyway. And I still have 4 more years until my brother graduates, and probably get a job for himself and live a decent life he's never had.So here I am now. Alone in my office, locked away from the outside world, writing this on reddit. I'm now aware that should I decide to go through it later in the future, I'll know how to do it.I've always known since long that I'll end my own life at one point when the time is right. There's no other way around it. I'm 99% sure I'll do it one day. But tonight I was being stupid. I almost ruined my brother's future because of some stupid texts my mom sent me.
So this is my first reddit post. Sorry in advance if I break the rules or otherwise fuck up.I started having serious suicidal thoughts about 3-4 months ago. I have a diagnosed panic disorder and post traumatic stress disorder after being arrested in high school. The thoughts have been getting a lot clearer and a lot more frequent. I see myself holding a handgun with the barrel in my mouth. I swear that I can taste the metal at times. Sometimes when I'm driving I'll notice walls or buildings. I picture myself speeding into them, and feel the jolt in my stomach as I'm thrown out the car.So far I've been able to counter these with a fairly dark method. I've pictured my family and friends finding my dead body. I see them crying and in pain.Sometimes they're laughing.I'm sorry. I just feel as though I'm at a loss, and don't know what to do. 
I was sexually abused at a young age by another guy (i was 8 he was 14-15).I have also been bullied virtually all my life, i am a joke in my hometown (LondonI continue to be bullied at university. I am 19 and i still look 12 (seriously prepubescent i basically look like a younger version of tay zonday but darkerskinned) so assholes pick on me all the time and i am isolated alot. It's like nobody that is cool in anyway wants anything to do with me, even when i try and be nice. I've spent all my birthdays and summer holidays aloneI have so many memories of being abuse in my life, like if someone was to do a movie of my life story it would be the most depressing thing ever. All i do is sit in my dorm, thinking about all the pain that others have caused me.I am failing uni because of this and frankly i don't care cus i just wanna die anyways, like i have no motivation for life at all. In my opinion, its just a compilation of suffering. Everyone else around me live happy lives all the time smiling and partying and having a good time with friends but me never. I believe in God so that's literally the only thing that prevents me from ending myself.Is there any hope to life? I only want others who are losers to comment because the winners in life won't understand the pain i'm going through.
I'm just so alone.  Nothing ever goes right with me.  Parents aren't all that close to me, brother isn't close either.  I just work and come home and waste time until I go to bed to repeat the cycle.  No girlfriend, girls have never even been interested in me.  My coworkers all brag about girls they've had sex with and claim that they could call up a girl right now for sex if they wanted to.  I haven't even gotten a girl to give me her number in years.  And even then the conversation doesn't go anywhere and she always drops me.  Tinder, okcupid, bumble, badoo, POF, you name it.  I'm on it and never get matches or replies.  It's like women don't even see me as a man.  I have a college degree and nothing but debt to show for it.  I have been out for almost 2 years now and have sent out 100's of applications and haven't heard back from any.  I'm just so tired these days.  I sleep for nearly 10 hours a night probably, more if I didn't have to wake up for work.  I have no drive to do anything anymore except barely get by at work.  I still live with my parents.  Have a ton of college debt.  Don't have a significant other to confide to.  No real skills or talents to speak of.  Ugly at best.  Why go on?  Why suffer day after day to gain what?  There is nothing in life worth living for.  I just live to work and work to live.  
I want to go to therapy, take meds again, and get better.But I can't afford to do that AND eat in the same paycheck.I used to go to therapy and ended spending around 200-250 usd for just four sessions. My therapist was useless, she never helped at all aside from the prescriptions. The anti-depressants (prodin) didn't do shit either, but my anti-anxiety meds (rivotril) were amazing.I stopped going because I really couldn't afford it. Now I'm hesitant to try again because everything's so expensive and I'm scared that the therapist won't be helpful again and I'll just be throwing money away.
I recently moved back in with my mum and step dad. I've been here 3 days and my anxiety levels are back up to when I was put on medication.I ate my dinner in silence tonight while my mum stood in the kitchen and kept busy. Nobody has actually really spoken to me for two days either which really sucks.I never really wanted to move back in as I was happy living with my gran but she's got a few healthcare issues and so everyone in my family wanted me out of there which also sucked.I really want to move into my own place and cut ties with the majority of my family but I just don't have the money so it's not an option at all.I've already been really suicidal previously and I'm worried this is just going to make it 10x worse to the point I make an actual attempt at it.
I've already come to the point of giving up. I've always been that one kid which get the world of expectations from their family members and to be quite frank, it's annoying, tiring and also depressing that I can't live up to it. I know that it's not their right to impose their ideal of myself onto me, but I also think I cannot ignore it. I really am doomed to fail in everything I try at because I am just horrible at everything I do, that's it, no other reason. I wanna just give up because the feeling of disappointment is one which I cannot handle, I can't handle how much I disappointed my parents and friends, I know some of them may be talking behind my back but that's all within logical reasoning, of course they will have to discuss how much of trash I am. Lately my family is in some financial stress and I think that getting rid of one mouth to feed should help the situation, I just hate it that they will want to pay to have a funeral for me, I rather wish my existence just up and vanished, causing everyone to forget me and me to never even be alive, then I won't have to feel these feelings nor would anyone have to feel nor think anything about me. I'm just a waste of space that wishes to give back that space, but even dying costs money now so suicide would place an even higher financial strain on my family, so I'm thinking of just running away and killing myself, somewhere where no one will go and only dead bodies can explore. I usually feel this gaping hole in my chest too, it really hurts, it feels like i'm always short of breath and the only way to get rid of this feeling is to distract myself with playing games, watching TV and reading, maybe I'm just making excuses to be a good for nothing human? For the last 2 years I've been contemplating suicide and for the last 2 years this hole has been growing larger and larger, it gets especially horrible when I see one of my friends happy, and that annoys me. I'm a person which feels genuine happiness when my friends accomplish something but lately it gets hard to breath just being around them, it must be due to my self-centered and self-conscious nature that I feel jealous or something else. I want to kill myself to get rid of this pain in my chest, to not disappoint anyone anymore and to finally stop these thoughts from flowing through my head, they're endless and never ending. I guess this all might sound to random ramblings to some one else, and that's fine too, as long as I have a place to rest my feelings before I go, then I won't have any real regrets.
I can't pass well enough to make myself happy. I'm only 25 and I don't think I'll do it for another 3-4 years depending on what I get out of my transition. I just can't undo the damage that being forced to go through male puberty has done to my body, it's humiliating. People tell me I pass well but I feel like they're just humoring me. It's getting to the point where every day it seems easier to me, and I feel too tired to keep going. Living as a man is not an option for me because that just isn't me. I've known since I was a child that I was trans, but I hid in the closet and struggled with it my whole life. I feel like it's too late for me. I don't even want to be here anymore, forced to live with all my anger and agony in skin that feels hideously contorted and wrong. It's stupid and I'm fucking tired.
Meds that i thought would work have stopped working, therapy is useless and a complete waste of time. Have no friends and i'm extremely shit at socializing, i'm actually dx'd with Aspergers so i'm already fucked and i see no fucking point in any of this bullshit anymore. I'm fucking sick of being ghosted on by people so you know what, fuck people's feelings i don't give a fuck about them anymore. I'm going to kill myself whether it hurts them or not. Fuck them i've had enough of this pain for one life, they fucking deserve everything that's coming to them. And no i don't care if i hurt my family either gtfo with that guilt tripping bs i'm done and there's nothing any of you people can do about it. Goodbye 
I barely have the reasources to write this but I'll try.For many years, I've been very lonely and depressed with severe social anxiety. I've never had a romantic partner. Mostly I collect pictures I find online and fantasise relationships based on them.1,5 years ago, I saw someone at my university and fell in love with them. I dreamed of them every moment of being awake. I began to take better care of my appearance, and decided it would be best to finally cut ties with my abusive friend to focus on all my efforts to this real person who had a good impact on me.When I finally tried to communicate with them, they completely ignored me.After that I became very depressed again and began having panic attacks.Later I accidentally met another student from my university, who asked me out. He scared me too much and I couldn't decline from giving my contact information.In the autumn, I met this student again and he threatened me because I had not answered him during the summer. He began to scare me so much that I was afraid to leave my home, afraid to be at school.I decided to seek help couple months ago. The doctor told me that I should just try relaxation. In the end he prescribed me antidepressants for panic disorder.It has been couple months now. The medicine does not seem to help. I have only had very strong suicidal feelings and other bad side effects.I also went to talk about the situation at the university counselor. It was difficult for me, and after I gave her the permission to discuss with my teachers, the anxiety and shame became so great for me that I could not go to class anymore, and dropped out.The panic attacks have not stopped or eased and I've only become more and more scared for my safety. I'm scared I will be stabbed or shot. By the other student or someone else. I can't sleep. I can't keep up with this world and its demands (towards women).My studies were really the only content of my life and the only social opportunity I had. Now that I cannot go there, I feel I have nothing left. I feel unable to speak to anyone, to describe things well enough, to meet other people's expectations, go to the doctor again when they do not take me seriously. I just want the fears, the pain, the loneliness, all of it to finally end. I tried to fight.
I've been throwing up blood for about the past 4 months. Finally getting a bit better now only throwing up pussy blood on rare occasions. Wife says she isn't happy being married to me anymore and hasn't been for a long time. Had suicidal since I was about 5.   I grew up being physically and mentally abused and the only person that I have ever truly opened up to is my wife but it's still hard some times because of how I grew up and is the main problem she is having with our relationship. She kicked me out Dec. 1 and won't talk to me.  I don't know what to do anymore it seams like death is the best way out.
I have not taken my meds for two days because I forgot to get then from the pharmacy and as a result I am now feeling suicidal. I know its from the lack of serotonin in my brain and it'll go better once I get my pills. I don't want to jump. I just wanted to say what I'm feeling. Thanks for reading. 
Hello.My mom attempted suicide on the morning of Monday December 5th. She is diabetic so she has access to a large amount of insulin. She took an excessive amount of insulin (and possibly pills of some sort) in an effort to commit suicide. She left a five page note and wrote a long Facebook post. She also sent me an out of context text telling me to take care of her dogs and what possessions of hers are mine. One of her FB friends called the cops. They got there in time to get her bloodsugar levels back up to normal. She has attempted to commit suicide many times over the course of my life, usually with pills but once by crashing a car. All other attempts prior to this most recent attempt, she claims that she was not trying to commit suicide. ("My back hurt and I lost count of how many pain killers I took..." etc.) She is very angry. She has only spoken to my dad (who she hates the most right now) and told him to bring her medication to the hospital so she can commit suicide. They will possibly only hold her for 72 hours and it seems likely that she will attempt suicide immediately upon release. She was severely mentally and physically abused by her mother when she was growing up. She wants to end her life because she is unhappy and feels like no one cares about her although everyone in the family regularly takes extreme actions to prove otherwise. She has difficulty seeing reality sometimes and is delusional. She will tell us in detail about events that never occurred. (This is a lot of why she hates my dad the most right now.) For several years now she has increased her distance (physically and emotionally) from the family and society in general. She and my dad live in the mountains in a different state than the rest of the family and she does not leave the house 90% of the time. She regularly incites anger with people in the family until either she or the family member choose to cut each other off completely. Very recently she has reconnected with two family members she cut off for almost ten years. I feel like all of this information (seclusion but also settling issues) has been leading up to her getting serious about suicide.She has barely allowed them to release any information and has only spoken to anyone outside of hospital staff once. She might not take phone calls from any of us. I want to try to call today.What can I do if anything? My siblings feel as though there is nothing to be done and that we must accept this. If this is true, then I will try to do so.Sorry for the wall of text:TL;DR: Mom is determined to commit suicide after a several failed attempts in her lifetime, is angry and aggressive, and the family feels lost.
Warning: This is a long story, I'm sorry. TL;DR at the bottomThank you to those who are here and willing to help. I cannot express my gratitude towards people like you, who are so selfless and kind. I will never be able to repay you, and I'm very sorry for that. Sincerely. Thank you, again. This is the part where it sucks.I want to shed some light on my entire situation, because it all just kind of sucks for me. Last year, I made a post about how I was frustrated and depressed because I failed to make a gift for my girlfriend that I really thought could show her my love. I look back on it, after I have deleted it out of shame, and realize that I really sounded like a baby. Or a burden. I don't know how to describe what I'm feeling without sounding like I'm begging for help. I'm really sorry about that.This girlfriend of mine was gained around Halloween, where I threw a party and she admitted her feelings towards me. At the time, I wasn't even thinking about relationships. Honestly, I was thinking about ways to end my life. I had pushed everyone aside, because I really felt like my death would be like the death of a pet to them: it sucks, but you get over it somewhat quickly. No damage, not hurting anyone. When she admitted her feelings to me, I was both touched and skeptical. My mask of happiness was fading, and a lot more people started to ask me about personal things, like my feelings and home life. Because this girl said she had feelings for me, I originally thought that she was caring enough to be in a relationship with me, just to get me out of the state I was in. I felt touched, whether or not the feelings between us were real. After we got into a relationship, I began to truly develop my feelings for her. However, she constantly kept her distance, and never made getting together a priority. From that point on, I became very anxious. I questioned her loyalty, whether or not the relationship was even based on real love, and much more. Things spiraled into my head, and even though I dealt better by keeping things to myself, I told her about my worries sometimes. Most of the time, I acted as a therapist to her, and she always seemed like she felt better after I offered advice and kind words. This was always over text, however, so I never really knew for sure, and I always worried about it. She cut, struggled with anorexia, and her family divorced quite a long time before these events. I figured these things out through out 7 months, each thing more devastating to me than the last. I tried my hardest to stay positive for her, but I could only do it for her. I could only give her advice, and I could never pull myself out of what I was feeling. It was pretty obvious from that start of the relationship that the love I gave was not reciprocated, even though I actually didn't originally have feelings for this girl at the start. Odd. Eventually, I got used to little contact and hardly any romance (kissing, even holding hands). Everything became routine, and even then she kind of seemed reluctant to do some things. I felt like she made up excuses to avoid certain things. For example, she denied most kissing in the lips because she claimed to have a problem with spit. I was constantly unsure if she was telling my the truth, but I tried to respect her. I might be getting to personal or in-depth. Either way, I felt that the relationship was iffy, and one day, she called me to a park bench. I was excited, because this had literally been the first time throughout our entire relationship that she had planned something for us to do, and actually initiated it. We met on the park bench and she ended the relationship. I could tell she made excuses, and I truly lost the person I was living for. As pathetic as it sounds, I put aside everyone else, but when I saw her, I changed a little bit. I had someone who I thought truly cared about me. Now she was gone. No more reason to live. From then on, I struggled to focus in my classes, and I began to hate her. I didn't blame her, in fact, a lot of what happened was probably my fault. She seemed like such a good person and then pulled this out of nowhere. She talked about her sexuality, which made me feel absolutely terrible. Was I seriously such an unsatisfactory boyfriend that I made her consider leaning towards women as opposed to men? (She admitted that she was bisexual, and she needed to "explore some more")For the longest time (after the relationship), since we shared friends, I avoided everyone I knew. They were going to ask about her, and I wasn't going to try to stand there and tell them everything, because then I would start crying, like I am now. I don't even think I should call it a relationship. Did she even love me? I doubt it. Was she invested at all? Definitely not. Was the love reciprocated? Not from what I could tell. The reason I'm making this post so long afterwards is because today was the day that really considered suicide. Before that, I just tried to keep going, even if it didn't make since. I talk to a therapist once in a while, and it helps for an hour or two, but I'm always back to where I was. Where I am now. I am ready to die. My aspirations of becoming some animator or artist of any sort will never come true. My parents say I make good grades, but B's and low A's in my opinion are bad for me. I'll elaborate on that in a little bit. I have no one and nothing to live for. Nobody will miss me, and anyone who could potentially care will get over it. Just like how this girl got over our "relationship" in two days. It's taken me over two months. How pathetic. I am worthless.I want to elaborate on what I consider failure. I have a different standard for myself than I do other people. It's odd, because I don't see myself as some God, but I hold my expectations higher than others. Although I do want to be the best, I have a little range below "the best" in which I am comfortable. When I said, "B's and low A's are bad..." I meant that I consider them a failure to me. I have no clue as to what backstories other people have, so those grades may be excellent, it may be what they strive for. I understand that and I wish the best for those people. I am simply not one those people. Back to the real thing on my mind. Suicide.My suicide attempt last year left me even more cautious, or anxious, you could say. I tried to overdose, but it obviously didn't work. I am now very scared that if I tried something else, it will not work. My parents and peer think I'm alright, and I really don't want to have to face them, saying I've tried suicide again. Once you show even the slightest sadness, they act like they need to be a caretaker. They treat me differently and I hate it. I'm so sorry, to those who have read this far. I hate that I am so pathetic. To the point where I'm typing into some site, burdening other people with this stupid story that they shouldn't have to experience. It's not even that bad, and so many other people have it worse than me. I don't understand why I am so pathetic and useless. Besides, what is some comment reply going to do? There's no way I can talk to someone face-to-face or anything. I can just say I'm fine and they'll believe it. Just hide behind this mask that I've always hidden behind. There's no point in writing this. I get help, but I can't sustain it. What am I even doing here. I've wasted so much time of whoever (if anyone) is reading, and I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I can't go a day without feeling depressed. I'm sorry to everyone I bring down, I really don't want to. I would never want people to feel like I feel right now and very often. I'm sorry to my parents, who will never be able to see the success they hope for. I'm sorry to the listeners who I have burdened and made sad. I'm sorry for sounding like a pathetic and whiny baby who needs someone to take care of them. I'm sorry for hurting myself. I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry.Everyone always says suicide is a coward's way out, but the people who know me realize that I am a coward. I am pathetic. I don't want to live anymore. I can't remember the last time I truly wanted to live life. Everything sounds so cliche and dumb and I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry for sounding so dumb. I'm sorry for repeating myself. I can't express enough that I'm sorry, for everything. Everything that I've done, I'm sorry that my only posts on this site were in the depression category. I'm sorry for my incompetence to do anything. I can't fix it and no one can fix me.TL;DRA couple months ago, my first girlfriend ended the relationship. I was in a dark place before, (slightly less) during, and after the relationship. I feel guilty and I no longer have any desire to live. I want to commit suicide as soon as possible. 
That's all I've really wanted. I've been rejected by everyone in my short life and before I go, I want to talk to someone. I want someone to call my friend before i go on forever. I hope you don't mind getting ghosted on after two weeks.
I've posted here before a few weeks ago. I'm a self employed artist working on a project to collage a 3 story building in paper vintage butter wrappers as a commission for the local authorities here in Cork. The project has been a disaster from start to finish. Its a public art work so it feels like the whole city is watching. I'm out of my depth and exhausted. I've made some mistakes previously but I thought I had solved things. The scaffolding came down today just as gale force winds hit Ireland and blew 3 of the paper sheets on the top floor away. I'm in a state of crisis and I have been since I relapsed on alcohol 2 weeks ago due to the stress of this project and became suicidal. I've been liasing with a home crisis team but I'm having difficulty meeting them and working. I'm having recurring thoughts of suicide when the stress gets very high. I have enough paracetamol here to do it. I just want this nightmare to end and I don't care how.
Every single one of us is a disgusting, selfish fuck. Every time I shower I think about all the fucking kids that don't have access to clean water. Every time someone hates someone else based on their religion or skin colour I think about one specific image of Jews in a concentration camp from WWII. I'm the kind of person that neo-nazis would want to suffer in same kind of conditions, just because I respect human lives despite religion or skin colour. I'm wasting resources, I'm wasting this planet, I'm wasting this life I was forced to have. I wish I'd never been born to see all this shit, all this suffering, people eating fucking meat and throwing plastic in the sea because hey, that shit makes the money happy. Seriously, fuck capitalism, fuck this world we live in, fuck this hate and suffering. I can't go on. I've done everything I physically can to help to ease the suffering of others but it still doesn't do shit, alt-right people are strong as ever and the refugees my country sends back because "it's safe enough" get killed. Doctors can't help. Everyone is focused on healing one individual instead of healing humanity as whole, and going to the roots of the problems which cause that individual human suffering. I'm not able to make this world a better place, I'm not able to inspire other people to do so either, so why would I be here, wasting resources and seeing myself deteriorate with time? 
My girlfriend and I are both 16 and have been battling with depression since we were both in middle school, and it's starting to get worse for both of us. The antidepressants I take aren't working any more, anything she takes has only made everything worse.She just attempted suicide for the 7th time and I have no idea what to do. She's been getting worse and nothing is working. I'm scared to death of losing her because I know that if she's gone, I'll have nobody to keep me happy at all. She's the reason that I haven't tried to do the same.The thought of not having her in my life absolutely terrifies me. She's the only person that gives a shit enough to ask what's wrong and try to cheer me up. She's the only reason I'm even sort of happy. I feel powerless because I'm doing everything I can to help her and it's not helping very much.Sorry for rambling, I'm just a mess right now and can't even think straight, if anyone has any advice it is much appreciated. Thank you for your time.
I've been pursuing a bachelor's degree for four years now and I just found out I failed 3 classes this semester which means my financial aid will be terminated. Without it I can't afford tuition, I have no idea how I'm going to break this to my parents. This was not suppose to happen, I was suppose to graduate this spring and find a decent job with a decent wage that would motivate me to pursue professional help to confront my avoidant personality disorder and possibly move out of my parents home. I was so so close. sigh. University was really the only thing I had going for me, it was the only redeeming aspect of my life. I have no friends, no significant other, most people would probably consider my lifestyle boring (I read books, browse the internet, workout, attend university while making sure to always keep to myself) i'm basically a hermit, I would only venture out of my house to attend classes or the gym. I guess the thing that bothers me the most (aside from fucking up my future) is that I know why I failed, it's a mixture of a lot of things, really. I was studying a major a didn't care for that had lousy job prospects, worse part is I chose it. I chose it because it required very little math, my brain doesn't work well with numbers so my choices were very limited to begin with. Some of my peers dropped out after the first year but I kept going (passing by doing the absolute bare minimum, C's get degrees right?) I continued despite feeling deeply dissatisfied because my whole life I was conditioned to go to college and obtain a higher education, there's a stigma attached to those people who take alternative avenues. I'm already judged enough by the abnormal life I lead, really didn't need to add another thing to the mix. Do any of you guys have any advice? I have no idea where to go from here. Once the anger wears off my parents are probably going to demand I get a job and contribute with expenses which is totally understandable. If I was a healthy functional adult I would comply without hesitation, but I can't even imagine myself going through the whole interview process much less sustaining a job. All I know is how to be a student (I suppose not even that). I'm filled with absolute apprehension when I contemplate my future. I'm 21 soon to be 22 and I have nothing to show for. FUCK.
Recently moved, under false pretenses. Turns out the new place has insane rules and I can't get away but I can't live my life either. Have to sleep on plastic, get rid of my tools (am a DIY girl and it's one of the things I have a lot of money invested in, aside from it being my literal lifeline knowing I'm able to fix things) because they're considered "a danger" and my privacy is constantly invaded. Arbitrary rules are added almost daily and I have no quality of life. Thing is I can't get out, there is no way for me to move anywhere else of even leave as I am legally bound to this place now until I am granted another. Which they are not planning on doing by the way. I have no rights (already looked that up) and am completely stuck with whatever they decide to put on me.I can't live like this and already having severe complex post traumatic stress syndrome, autism, and resulting depression, all of which I have been struggling with for over a decade, I think I am honestly done.Only thing keeping me is the cost of the funeral and the risk of hurting people around me.
For five months, I took Cymbalta and in the first three or four, saw marked improvement. No more waking up crying, no more random pains 24/7, and lessened anxiety around people. For once I could be aware of my depression without succumbing to it.Then, oh so slowly, the death of a friend sparked a month-long spiral that culminated in suicidal ideation, the desire to self-mutilate, and a disorienting 16 hours of sleep each day. I had to constantly derail "plans", avoided jumpy places, stabby things, and inquisitive friends. Since that's not unfamiliar territory for me, I blamed myself and got worse.In this case, however, it was a bad reaction coupled with poor timing. So, to all of us medicated folks, I say, it might not be you! Tell your doctor if you experience mood swings, profound depression, and thoughts of suicide!Don't take yourself for granted. You're not that bad. Have a tea and stop thinking for a couple of minutes.
I think I might do it soon if I do it will be after Christmas sometime in January or February. Things aren't good for me right now and I don't think they're gonna get better so ending it would just make things a lot easier. Plus maybe if I do end it I would be born into a different life, a better life, one where I'm happy and get everything I've always wanted in this life. If that happened there would be no reason not to do it. Of course the opposite could be true too so who knows, only one way to find out. 
So I plan on doing it as soon as the new year starts, but I feel terrible because I know that it will affect my best friend horribly. She has had suicidal thoughts before, and she currently self harms a lot, and it's pretty serious. I'm the only person she has felt comfortable opening up to, she didn't even talk about it with our other best friend. We've been the only source of support for each other for a while now. She's actually told me that I was the one thing that kept her going for a while when it was really bad for her. And I feel like an asshole for taking that away from her. I was planning on maybe leaving a few words behind to a few people personally but she's the only person I've written a full blown detailed note for. She's just one of the most important people in my life and I need her to be okay. I don't know, I feel very conflicted, which is a strange feeling given the fact that I'm pretty sure that I want to go through with it. I need to.
Let me give some background about how much I fucked up my college experience so far. Last year, I ended up ditching alot of my classes, I did the work but three absences gave a person a no credit for their class and thus I failed alot of them. I did this to satisfy my ex-girlfriend, and to make sure she was happy, I ended up getting out of this relationship over the summer, which was one of the scariest things I have ever done, she was emotionally, physically, and verbally abusive towards me. The shittiest part is I can't talk publicly about it, and if I do, I feel ashamed. So for the first two semesters of my first year at my dream college, I fucked it all up. I did the same again this year because now I was allowed to be social with other people compared to last year and due to that I am now just figuring out how to balance social life with school life. The thing about the first year at this school (its an art school so its very lenient to coming to understandings, as long as you don't repeatedly make mistakes) is that you are allowed to fuck up alot, however the school expects you to be able to understand the mistakes you made, and change them, so the second year is a lot less merciful. It's the end of the first semester, and I am pretty sure when my parents see the grades, I will be pulled from my school and lose the things I care about most. My depression has made it excruciatingly hard to get help as well, because I have convinced everyone around me that I am doing "great" and my depression is a thing of the past while in reality, I feel fucking awful, and honestly over Christmas break want to go to the hospital. I don't want to let my friends down though, because we planned on going on a road trip somewhere and doing a bunch of fun things in nature. I can't let everyone down again, I feel like if I do, I will end up proving everyone right, that I was inherently going to fail everyone. It feels like the only way I can keep my dignity is to kill myself, which is something honestly I am terrified to do. Does anyone have any advice, and is anyone willing to chat I don't know, I am sorry if I am wasting your time. (Sorry if this is weirdly written I am sick with the flu currently, and I have a high fever)
https://www.reddit.com/r/Draven/comments/5h14nz/giving_away_my_account/Says that he's from Finland.
Posting to this sub because, while it is running away, doing this would likely be suicide. School's been rough on me. Not because of bullies, I could beat them in a fight anytime, but because of stress and too much work.My grades are crap. I'm just not compatible with the system I suppose. In the likely case it all goes to hell, I have plans and supplies for a long hike. The most suicidal part is that I'm going to get as far away as possible. I'll likely head for the Trask Mountains which is a helluva distance on foot.  I'll pack supplies, such as food, water, and knives, of course. Possibly with friends. Research will need to be done.There are a lot of different things that make this suicidal, such as bad people, the distance, lack of food, and the cold of winter. Figured running away is better than flat out killing myself. I've already attempted suicide once and it hurt horribly. Maybe I'll wait until spring if possible so I don't freeze. Maybe I'll even have some sense then. 
Alright, guys. I'm a pretty normal person aside from personality disorder I hone. I'm having some problems and I'm afraid.This is a big deal for me, this is not an immediate problem, but if this gets worse it could.I have this voice, voices in my head that talk at the same time sometimes. I am *aware* that they're in my head, it can't be real but it gets worse...This is a dialogue of what could happen at any random moment of the day."Slit your wrists" and then I'll have images flashing of a razor gashes and slicing my wrists, or any random person's wrists."A sharp razor would feel amazing gliding through your skin, you need to do that now.""Just fucking die, I need to die, you need to die.""Imagine how it would be to hang yourself" "You should overdose""Get a gun, blow your brains out.""I need to die. Please kill me." This happens daily. I'll be walking randomly and will end up thinking about random upsetting things. I just recently lost a good friend, he stopped talking to me because he didn't benefit from me anymore. I'm scared for the safety of my family due to a domestic violence situation, and the abuser isn't in jail. Some days I'll just feel like I'm a big drag down for everyone (even though I'm not, I've had them reassure me over and over again). Or even if I see a gun (isn't often) or something sharp, my brain immediately says to use it on myself. I can't even watch gore movies anymore because it makes me want to act immediately. I don't know what's wrong though. I'm in college, doing fairly well in classes. I'm in a few important student organizations, I have a job, I just got a new car, *nothing is wrong* but these voices won't shut the fuck up and it's scaring me because I am closer and closer to thinking about different ways to instantly kill myself. I haven't been near a razor in months because of this reason. I don't drive near the side of the highway because the voices tell me to drive off. I don't go to rooftops, I know I'd jump. I'm worried. Please help, what should I do? why are these voices happening?? If I'm not listening to music, they're loud. What's going on?
To whoever finds this. Whatever. I know you're hurting that I'm gone. But just imagine what I was going through. Just imagine the pain. You don't put all this on someone. You don't leave them behind. You're supposed to care. When all I did was care. 
I just need to stop being a pussy and do it.  I have no options left.  I probably don't deserve to live anyway.  Goodbye all
Downvote me all you want, god knows reddit hates women and attention whores. I hate myself too.It doesn't matter how depressed or anxious I feel, no one wants to hear about it and no one cares at all about it. I can sense people's boredom and exasperation any time I bring it up. No, the only time it matters is when they think I'm about to die. Then, all of a sudden, they want me to talk and they want to be present and they want make sure I'm fine. Why? Because if I died *they* would feel bad. *They'd* feel guilty, it would reflect poorly on *them,* it would feel like *their* fault, and *they* don't want to deal with that. It's really not about me at all. No one has ever noticed or cared that I've had an eating disorder all these years because I "look healthy." If you don't "look" underweight, if you don't "look" like you're about to fall over and die, then no, it doesn't matter, so shut up because no one wants to hear about it. This isn't new information, I've known this for years since I was young: if you're alive, if you don't look like you're in any kind of "real" danger, then you will essentially be ignored. My feelings? Crying all the time? Hating myself? The mental hell that is my anxiety and depression? Nope, as long as I'm not dead yet, none of that matters. Any pain anyone has caused me doesn't matter either, they don't have to do anything about it or fix anything or reassure me or anything, because hey, as long as I'm still alive, I can't be doing all that poorly, right?I've always known that in order to be taken seriously, in order for someone to pay attention and actually care, I'd have to kill myself. I always knew this. I just grew accustomed to people not caring and became ok with it. I'm not ok with it anymore. I hate hating myself and no one wanting to help. I hate people having hurt me and then just thinking it's in the past and no longer relevant and never thinking to themselves "Hey maybe I should be a little more kind and compassionate towards -arabella given how horribly I made her feel. Yeah she's still alive, but maybe this still hurts her and I should at least try and make it better."I honestly can't wait until I successfully kill myself and then everyone finally gets it and is able to see what I'm feeling because apparently me simply expressing my feelings in words isn't enough, apparently I have to overdose and choke on my own vomit and die in order for people to take a fucking hint. This is what happens when you start treating your "mature," "precocious," "gifted," "sensible" daughter like a small adult starting at age fucking 4: she learns very quickly that she is never allowed to not be okay, and when she's not okay, everything's fine! She'll be fine! She can handle it! Don't worry about her! My feelings mean *absolutely nothing.* It doesn't matter what kind of pain I'm in. No one has to make me feel ok and loved and cared for -- nope, as long as I'm not dead, it's not their job. They can just ignore it and me. I cannot fucking wait to kill myself if that means someone will finally notice and listen and understand. And then it'll be too late to do anything because I'll be dead and gone forever and never have to feel any of this ever again. No one wants me to be their problem or burden. Fine. Ok. Whatever. I feel so ready and the more I think about this the better I feel. I finally feel empowered to do something that'll make things better for me and get through to the people in my life once and for all. I've never felt this confident and positive and honestly stoked to end my life; this is how I know for sure it's the right thing to do. This is awesome.
Im talking about this from a Philosophical perspective. Without heaven life is meaningless. So why shouldn't I commit suicide? If all there is after death is non existence why shouldn't I commit suicide right now if the outcome is the same as if I live a long and happy life for 70 years. 
i'm you 19 year old female go into premature midlife crisis because im turning 20 in a month or soi havent had a happy childhood or any friends nor success at school or a supportive familyi used to be butt ugly but now im decently pretty but i hate my thin hair flatchestedness having a bmi of 22 my weird farmers tani'm so insecure that i purposely am dating an overweight not very attractive guy to make me feel a lot prettier especially when i'm at my best state with hair freshly shamppoed and voluminzed skin looking lighter that usualonce i get the money im getting fat transfer for my flatchestednessand now im trying to lighten my tan and thicken my hair which i know is possible because my family is light skinned and thick haired mine just went away due to depression and dry sun sensitive skini just hate that i have to work so fuckin hard for iti also am an engineer major that worked so hard but i get so little back so fuck it and everything else in this worldpeople can sleep five hours and come to school all happy well groomed with nice skin whereas me just forget it i need 8 hours or im a mess i hate community college and im missing out on the social aspect i just want to get into a uc where they have nice clubs and make some friendsother days i feel like i want to throw away my life and live in a mental hospital for the rest of my damn life
I've decided I'm not going to die a virgin.  A friend who was nice to me a few days ago, I'm going to go to his place and let him do what guys do.  I've already figured out the time and place and hopefully, no one will find me so everyone who has hurted me will always be wondering, will I come back.I'm starting to get that homeless look and guys are coming up to me offering me money for sex.  I don't ever want to do that and when the schools close for Christmas, I will have no place to get food.  So the way I see it, my options are being a prostitute or dying.  I think dying is the best choice.
It's been about 3 months since I started thinking of suicidal thoughts, and it hasn't gotten any better since. A big problem when writing or typing these suicide notes is when I do, I get undeserved sympathy from others who I have emotionally manipulated to feel sorry for me. I don't mean to. I never mean to do it. That's all I hear, nothing but sorry, sorry, sorry. All the time it's sorry this or sorry that. Most of the time it's because I did one little thing wrong that causes a madhouse of swears and verbal abuse to be thrown in my direction. Nothing I do is apparently "right" anymore. It's never another way to do it. It's always this way and it will never change. Trying to commit suicide before has only made my desire to do it stronger, but my family and friends are so oblivious to it. I ask my mum or dad and they shoot me down with the same old phrases. Most of my friends I can't converse with because they act like the fucking internet, memeing and using profanity beyond belief. I wouldn't be able to talk with them without a joke immediately being shoved into my face.But, hey maybe SOMEONE actually cares, and maybe that someone can actually care about this one suicide note. But I have more chance of getting struck by lightning than that happening. I do not want the comments that are all full of love-dovey stupid nonsense of "Everyone does care!" or "It'll be alright!" I do not want those types of comments if anyone bothers to write them.Suicide will most likely commence after school breaks up for the year. I cannot take it anymore. Especially being the autistic piece of shit I am. Oh, did I not mention that? I have a condition that makes me even more sympathetic! Oh, and what's that? You do art that doesn't look like art and is more of a toddler's crayon drawing??! OMG, I MUST LEAVE LOVELY COMMENTS YOU MUST NOT COMMIT SUUUUUICEDE! I've got nothing more to say, I'm gonna deactivate most of my accounts. If not doing that I'll just go offline.Permanently.
A lot of personal stuff happened the last few days and I feel like shit. I feel extremely alone, hate this... I cannot find comfort in anything I do... I just feel like I am not gonna be happy ever. I feel everything is just unfair. Sometimes I just want a hug or something, I want to feel that someone really cares, instead of they pretending to care, like they did. I was just backstabbed by a friend who always said that she would never. She was my best friend and now I just feel lonely. I sometimes feel like not waking up. I force myself out of bed every single day. Help me.

At the parking structure I had my feet over the edge and was about to jump off. My social skills are terrible. I make people uncomfortable and am off putting especially to girls. I have friends but not many just a ton of friendly aquaintences. I spend most weekend nights either weight lifting, playing video games or studying. I hear people talk about the parties they get invited to and what they send to their friends on snap chat. Very rarely do I get invited to parties and no one texts me just to talk or shares snap chat moments beyond what they send everyone. For 5 years I did every thing I could to get the social skills needed to make tons of friends and have dating life. I volunteered at a social position 20 hours a week for a few months, took two acting classes, forced myself to engage in small talk with people I ran into, talk to people in line, say hi to girls who smile at me, approach 1 girl a day, attend as many social functions as I can even if I don't want to, going to mock interviews, ask friends for advice, actively reading body language, and reading books/blogs on body language, charisma, social skills, communication, networking, how to not be creepy, etc. Friends fsmily say I shouldn't change the way I am but the way I am isn't sufficient. I also put in effort to improve my looks by weight lifting, eating healthy, and having a trendy haircut. I'm good looking enough that I can get a ton of dates online. However none of these girls wanted continue dating me. A couple wanted to continue as friends.Despite all that effort I am still called socially awkward, socially inept, weird in a good way, asked if I am a virgin  and offputting. A few times I caused tension because I made some girl feel uncomfortable. I have a ton of acquaintances both male and female but very rarely does it translate to anything. It doesn't help that I have esoteric tastes and am conservative in a very liberal area.It's hard to get out of bed because of all the depression from the fact that I am missing out on so much in my life. That the window of opportunity is closing as people start settling down when they hit their 30s, and leave the party life behind. The way people look at a 30 something who still parties. That regardless of being in shape, good at programming, having an awesome internship, and studying a difficult subject that people will always judge me for my lack of interpersonal skills. That there is something about me that makes some people not want to be friends with me or even feel uneasy.I want to have that fulfilling life with great memories.  
I met a girl over the internet like 5 years ago and we got pretty good friends. I always had more feelings for her than she did for me and so i was just there and we played or did whatever every day. About a year ago she got a boyfriend and that kinda crushed my feelings a lot and i got really depressed. I was really drunk last week and in my drunkness i told her all the feelings i had for her. I shouldnt have done that, what did i expect? She is 5 years older than me and just think im a little boy she plays some video games with. I really dont know what to do now, i cant do anything with her anymore cause it just gets so awkward. The most important part of my life is gone, now im just sitting in my room all day long and think about how i can fix this, but i just cant. I cant do this anymore.

My friend has recently brung up the situation about depression, anxiety and such to me. He even brought up suicide, and how he felt like he wanted to die.I'm really fucking scared for him now, please just any ways i can support him would be great. As i am in the same situation as him, i would hate to see him go.
Trying to get out of my situation.-In contact with father who molested me and is paying for the place I live at, my phone, and things like that.-My family, not considering the person called my father, can barely handle their own issues, and cannot give good advice.-I have tried to find a therapist to talk about everything, and still looking.-I get good sleep and exercise five days a week.-Have experienced depersonalization for a year now (I have coped with the panic by being around people who understand, trying to just not panic, exercise, and things like focusing on something I really want to do)-I want to move out of where I am living, I'm in the United States, but I don't think I have enough support to deal with how unsure I feel. I think I'm afraid I don't know what I'm doing because it is out of desperation, and I guess panic.-I want to help people because I know how it feels to be torn apart by circumstances you feel are not in your control, for that moment or however long. -I feel that if I don't help myself I can never help anybody; I try to help people but it feels disastrous sometimes.-I think I have pretty bad PTSD considering the year long depersonalization? I mean jesus christ ..-I am not suicidal because of the great threads on reddit I read a few years ago and about what suicide survivors thought the moment they knew they were about to end it. -I feel very stuck, please help.
Hi. Im 25 years old.I used to be a happy, carefree guy who lived a fullfilling life. Then shit happened. My grandparents died this summer, both within a month, I loved them more than anything. On September 6th, I fell into depression, got a debilitating anxiety disorder...at the beginning I could cope with it pretty well. I went to a therapist who prescribed me meds. She assured me that I would be okay pretty soon. I was full of hope, didnt want to give up. Until that day. The day which completely destroyed me.I was watching a TV show about some philosopical theories from the past. There was that thing called solipsism. I wish I would have never heard about that. Solipsism is basically a theory that people around you are just a part of your imagination and nothing is real but you. As soon as I heard about that, my anxiety and fear exploded from 1 to 1000. Here is where my derealisation phase began. I cant enjoy life anymore. Solipsism is the only thing Im thinking about. Whenever I talk to my parents, friends, crush etc. the only thing thats in my mind is "oh, they are not real. they have no feelings. they dont think. they just pretend to be human". I had a dream. I wanted to become a comic artist. But now, my brain made me give up on that, cause its convincing me that theres no point in drawing a comic if there are no "real" people to read it. I KNOW, I KNOW, that sounds bullshit and Im 100% sure that solipsism is not true and that my thoughts are absurd (I dont believe them) but still I cant get them out of my mind. Its like a fight I cant win. The harder I try, the more those thoughts attack me and ruin my life.You know what happened yesterday? A little boy got bullied by some other kids on the street. I didnt help, I mean why should I, he doesnt have feelings anyway. I know, Im a horrible person. A psychopath. A danger for society.On December 5th, I gave up. Anxiety and that solipsism nonsense ruined my life. Thats why Im ending myself now. There is no point in living anymore if I cant enjoy life even for a second. Im only suffering. Im crying, cause half a year ago I used to be so happy and full of joy, now Im a trainwreck. It all happened so fast. I dont understand, what have I done for being punished by God so hard?However, goodbye. Have a nice life everyone. If I cant, then I hope you will <3
Long story short, at around 1am last night I got a phone call from one of my friends that another of our friends had just hung himself. We're all 18 years old and never thought he would do this.Now, the evening after, I feel very strange. I didn't sleep at all last night and just was on the phone with friends until it was time to wake up. However, although quite tired, I feel quite calm. I assumed if something like this ever happened I'd be a complete mess but I feel quite relaxed. Can anyone explain this to me because it feels very ominous? Also, in the unfortunate chance that someone's experienced a similar thing, could you give any advice on how a close group of young lads could deal with it? Thanks everyone. 
Hi,  This is a throwaway account. I have set the date and made preparations to end it. To give some background about my story. I found out that I have Bipolar disorder ( BPII ). I researched for possible solutions and treatment options.  I realized that there is a road ahed of me with lots of pain and suffering. I know that no matter what I do I am destined to live a low quality life due to my condition and will not be able to live a life as normal people. What is worse is that, as I get older I will be always a burden to the people that are close to me. Marrying with someone and having children is not an option for me since no one should share such burden and there is a high risk that my children will inherit the ilness therefore, I am destined to die alone. I am well aware about the viewpoint of society on mental ilnesses, I believe that so few people really understands what we are going through and without experiencing the things from perspective of our brain we will always be regarded as people that do not try harder , lazy and broken. At this point, I want to end it with dignity rather than loosing everything slowly and painfully. I don't want to be humiliated and lose every respect that I have so far due to some psychotic, manic episode that I would be likely experience in future.  Sorry for ranting and venting, just wanted to let things off my chest before ending it and was curious about the views of normal people about the situation or experiences of the people in same situation.Best 
My ex partner and I were together for 3 years. We had a lot of things going on and had been through a lot together. We are both f 25. We broke up 4 months ago. My ex has bipolar and during the 3 years was admitted 7 times into a psychiatric ward. During our last year together, she had attempted suicide 3 times (2 times in a hospital, once at home). The last attempt I came home to find her overdosed on antidepressants and sleeping pills. From this, she spent 5 days in the cardiac ward.  She nearly died and I freaked. Looking back, I did not deal with this the right way. We got through it, but I was not coping with finding her like that (when i found her she was still conscious she said "you came home too early". She got better. Things were still difficult and I was still not 100% but we stayed together for another 8 months happily.I spiralled out of control with and engaged in sex work (didnt not sleep with the guy). She found out and was destroyed- and obviously broke up with me for cheating. I take full responsibility for these actions. I am aware of everything and I do not want to be roasted on reddit for my huge mistake.My ex and I have been sleeping together 2-3 times a week. It's obviously all a secret because of what I did. We both have admitted on many occasions that we're still very much in love with eachother. Her mum knows everything and speaks with me, she knows I love her and made a huge mistake. She wants us to get back together but my ex cannot trust me (which is fair enough). Yesterday we spent the day together.During the day she was kissing me and saying how much she loved me and I stupidly said how much I wished we could be together because I would do anything to gain her trust again. She got upset and just said "you fucking smashed my heart into pieces". I apologised of course and confessed my love AGAIN before I left. I did no contact for a month when we first broke up. I have tried seeing other people. My friends know what I've done. Ive been talking to professionals. I just can't seem to let her go. We were engaged. This was who I thought I would spend the rest of my life with. Some times I feel okay and realise I am not my mistakes. Other days I want to kill myself. Today is one of those days. I can't live with the guilt and I cant live with the shame. I destroyed the best thing in my life. It's been 4 months and I don't know what to do anymore. I cant live with what I did anymore.
Another fucking day in Hell... I wake up each day wishing I hadn't. Rationally I can't justify any of this shit at this stage. I am a shadow. I can't escape.. I numb the pain with alcohol, gambling and video games. My sleep patterns are inverted. All I see is darkness, literally. No passions left, no interests nothing left but painful memories... I've entirely detached myself from society too. We have nothing in common any more. It's not your fault it's not my fault it's just how it is.. I simply do not fit in any more. I've nothing left but hate and resentment in my heart. I truly hate this world with every ounce of my being. At this stage as sick as it sounds I can only find comfort in others' suffering. I want to see others suffer just like I have as it's all I can relate to. I read the news hoping to find something more tragic than my own life. Years of good intentions never got me anywhere in this fucked up world. It's really not hard to understand why I am like this. Would you continue playing a game which you've been cheated from for 27 years? Because I'm no sucker that's for sure so why would I want participate in a game which has been rigged against me from the start? Honestly, the only reason I haven't topped myself yet is because there are a couple of people which will be forever destroyed if I do it. Wow what a fucking dilemma. No part of me wants to be in this cesspool anymore but I still feel like I have some responsibility left. Man, I just wish there was a God so I could spit in his face. Breaking point is near I feel..
Every day my life gets into an even shittier state. I no longer know how I can possibly keep living like this. Today was the first day I had gone to school in weeks as well as the same day that the counselor decided I should take a break from attending. This decision was made due to the amount of severe anxiety that would come up as soon as I even stepped foot in the class. I would begin to cry, twitch, shake, and violently hit myself all in front of the other students. I go to a school designed specifically for those with anxiety and depression and yet despite this, I'm still considered the "odd" one out of the group. Nowhere I go am I capable of fitting in, for I am too socially inept to know how to talk to people as well as extremely self-conscious. To give you an idea of how worried I am of what others think of me, I'll provide a few examples- when I play video games (or at least, back when I actually enjoyed video games) I would **have** to keep the curtains closed out of fear someone outside would see what I was playing if I didn't. When my grandparents asked me what some of my favorite bands were, I had a panic attack. When out in public with my only friend, I'll refrain from speaking whenever she happens to bring up one of our interests.Every day something new is there to make me ridiculously anxious and panicky. At first, it was climate change. Then, severe cosmophobia. And just recently, I've become a hypochondriac and am constantly convinced I am dying in some way. My greatest fear right now is a brain tumor, but at this point in time I welcome such a thing. I'm also currently terrified that I'm going blind, but with how many symptoms I'm showing and how many problems I have with my eyes already it may as well be accepted as fact. I know already that by the time I go to the optometrist, they'll reveal to me that I'm going to lose all of my vision. It wouldn't be a surprise to me by then.All of the health issues I have are completely my fault. Others claim that what I have is an eating disorder, but what I think my issue is is that I'm simply a stupid human being. I don't have "binge eating disorder", I am just lazy and dumb, which is why I'm such a fat, ugly looking pig. I know already that relationships won't be in my future because no sane person would ever fall in love with someone who has a face and body like mine. Considering my poor health is it most likely I have type 2 diabetes- I don't even have to test for it to know it's true. I am a stupid person and all of my goals for the future are completely unrealistic and unachievable for someone like myself. All of the jobs I wish to go into when I get older have much higher skill requirements than I am capable of. With how expensive housing is the chances are I'll be living my parents for as long as they're around and probably won't even be able to get paid minimum wage. I fail to see how I, a person who isn't even capable of doing a basic level of grade 10 math, is expected of be able to graduate high school and eventually college. It is impossible. My future is bound to be shit, and because of this I don't want to be alive to experience it. My fears have completely consumed me and I am no longer capable of living in a world like this one, where I have no idea how to socialize and am too dumb and ugly to live up to anyone's standards. I see no reason why I should keep living.
It just feels like my life begins to fall apart as soon as good things begin to happen. My grades are going up, I have straight A's, haven't been sick in over a year and my nail is almost finally grown back from when I lost it. Then, boom. I miss two days of school since I got sick, and I'm falling behind. I have two A-'s, three B-'s, a C-, and a D. The skin on the finger that lost the nail refuses to grow back, and all my friends are being assholes to me. It feels like I can't think straight and I'm getting paranoid of everything. I nearly kicked my cat thinking it was an intruder the other day. Why does this happen? It all just makes me want to jump off a bridge.
I have something to write, but I am not quite sure everything will work out as I would want, nevermind.I have recently become an atheist, I have traits of borderline personality disorder, I am a minority, I'm unsatisfied with my mental abilities, I have doubts about my sexuality and my social condition is shit. I'm considerably young and I lack relationship skills. I don't see any meaning in life and I consider jumping from a building by sunset.I can't help but to feel disgusted by the way nature has designed me, it might seem melodramatic but I see our existence as weak and yet I feel there is still hope to live in a better way, perhaps a millenia from now.Help me.
24 hours of bullshit, then 15 hours of waiting, then I'll talk with my doc. Then, if she insults me again. Thats it. I made my decisions. If she insults me one more god damn time. I will fucking od, I dont care anymore. Fuck this life,I wish I could nuke this fucking planet.
I've just stumbled upon this subreddit, not in hopes of making myself feel better, or for sympathy from internet people who clearly do care about the well being of others, but just to vent. I've had a few people in the past to talk to, but im pretty sick of it. If you truly want to read this all, please take the time to read it. I'm not going to make a TLDR or whatever, but if you are actually interested in hearing my story then here it is.Little intro about myself; My name is Kody, im 22 years old, and I have some issues. Growing up, i was a problem child. I never really had a childhood. At the age of 2, my father decided to leave me and my mother, and my unborn brother at the time. That was fine to me, considering I was very young and didn't fully understand what was happening. Takes a little bit of a tole on me now, but I will bring it up later. Anyways, after my father left me, my mom got together with Doug, who is my brother Tyler's dad.(Was) I grew up with him being around for quite some time. Turns out, he was a little bit of  a drinker. My mom would always go out and buy him beer, while he sat around and did nothing all day. But me being a young child, I didn't really understand too much what was going on. Here's where shit got a little rough for me. I was locked in my room. Every fucking day for 2 or 3 years. I honestly can't remember at this point anymore, my mind has thrown in down behind me. The only time that I was allowed to come outside of my room was A, if i had to eat, which was always Kraft Dinner, and B, when I had to piss. But even then it was a rare occurance. So life goes on. I'm stuck in my room everyday, with fuck all to do, and that affects a kid on a large scale. So a few times I had to pee, but i wasn't allowed out of the room. Keep in mind the room was locked from the outside, so there was no way of me getting out. So i had to resort to pissing in my room. So i pissed on the wall. Like what would you do? So my dumbass pisses on an outlet, shorting out a bunch of shit, which resulted in Doug coming in to check up on me. That's when i got my ass whooped. Lots. I get thrown back into my little dungeon, and got locked in there for a few days without eating. Or school. My mom was trying to figure out what to do. I don't blame her about it now, but I wish she could had made a choice to remove us from the house. But can't change it now. At this point, I was losing my mind. Screaming in a room with no help to come for me. My brother and Mom couldn't really do much, my brother being 2 years younger than me and my mom with a lack of voice. So eventually he decides it would be a good reason to board up the window. The only time i can see my mom when she leaves for work. That ruined me. I continue on to school, and this happens for about another year. Doug passed away a few years ago. He died of liver failure. I fucking wish I could have told him how much he fucking destroyed my life. I fucking wish I could have killed him myself. But I don't get the glory of that anymore. I can't tell him how I truly feel. This has affected me in so many ways. I have extreme add, I don't take pills for it, and I haven't really got my mental health looked at anytime recent. I cannot keep any intimate relationship. This one girl that I have been with for almost half a year now, is trying so hard to change me and make me into a better person. But all I do is fuck up. I hurt her everyday, I unintentionally mentally abuse her, and all what I really want is for her to know that I love her beyond anything imaginable but all I do is fuck everything up. I just fucking wish I could be normal and be everything she wants in a guy. I think shes only staying with me now to hold onto the old me. I was okay when we first met. Now im a disaster. I'm glad she's here for me, but she doesn't deserve it. She really doesn't. I just wish i wasn't such a fuckup.For the past half year, I got into drugs pretty bad. Same with drinking. Cocaine, and MDMA mostly, with me binge drinking and making terrible decisions. One night when she was over, I decided to get super drunk and go drive my car without a license. So with everyone trying to stop me from leaving the driveway, I run over my current girlfriend, (Foot) and drive away to go do cocaine at a friends house. At that point I knew i was fucked in the head. I've been pretty fucked up since. I just want to be normal. I've tried killing myself a few times in the past half year. Not going into too much details about it, but it resulted in many psyche visits and hospital visits. This is not normal. This is not okay. I'm not happy living here anymore. I just want everything to stop. I wish i could show my girlfriend how much I love her. I wish I could tell my family about how I truly feel. No one actually cares. The only time I feel like someone actually cares is if I threaten my own life. But it's not about me. It's about them, because it would feel bad on their mind knowing that I could have been saved if they had just listened to me. I wanted to write more, but it's 2:15 am, i have school in 4 hours, and I need to somewhat try to keep myself incheck for the days ahead. I just need help. I want to be helped. I don't know what's wrong with me. I just want to be normal

What do you do when you have a problem, you know the solution, but for you, it is an unattainable solution?Edit: What if you lead an empty life of misery and disappointment? You were denied your childhood, abused by nearly every adult in your family as well as the people near your age. Imagine getting through that and then having another crushing blow...only this time there's no way out. There's no solution and you're obsessing? You're on your last leg and just when you start to see where you could bust your ass and fix most of your problems...you realize you have a problem that can never be fixed? Wouldn't suicide, then, be the logical decision?
I don't really want to live after that, i just want to make it to one last Christmas before I give in to the urges.i dont even think i can explain anymore of my story its just too much too handle for me because im weak and cant handle the few hurdles i actually have had to face in my life. im weak and pathetic and a stupid teenager and ive lost the last things that would motivate me to get out of bed in the morning.
I have no reason not to at this point
I might lose my job. School isn't working out in my favor, my family can't stand having me around.... I'm sick of it. I keep sitting here wondering why I'm here. And I wish someone was here but no one.
I don't know if this belongs here or in r/depression, but I'm posting here because I don't want to upset the people in that community if it doesn't belong there. I've been suicidal for years. At least 6 years. I got drunk and took 40 zoloft when I was 16, two years ago. I immediately told my mom and forced myself to puke them out because I was scared. How could I be so fucking stupid? Why did I tell her? Why did I ruin the perfect opportunity to end it? She would have never known. I could have gone to my room and fallen asleep and died and gotten it over with. I'm so fucking stupid. I'm a fucking coward. God, I hate myself. I'm a horrible person. I can't handle my pain so I lash out on my best friends and my family. I feel so bad when I do it. I know they don't deserve it. This is just another reason why I deserve to die. Even though they don't know it, everyone would be much better off without me. I've caused so much stress for my family and friends. I don't fucking deserve to live. And I don't want to. I will never amount to anything, and I know it. I have no special skills or talents. No motivation. I hate the way I look (and I can't change it without plastic surgery). There is absolutely nothing good about me. I cry when I think of all the little kids in the hospital, dying before they even got the chance to live. I wish so much that I could give my life to them, and take their illness and let it kill me instead. I feel like I don't have a right to take my own life, when theirs is unfairly being taken from them so soon. I have wondered about euthanasia for severe depression. I once heard that a lady was allowed to be euthanized because of her depression. I don't know if that's true. I'm too much of a pussy to kill myself, and I know I'd be hurting others if I went through with it. I would probably fail anyway, like I've failed at everything else in life. I want to be beautiful. I want to be smart, fun, outgoing, confident, popular, and happy. I will never be any of those things.For now I will not try to kill myself, but I am trying to work up the courage to do it. I know I'd regret it and be terrified right after, so I would have to find a way to go really quickly so I can't change my mind. It's not that I don't actually want to die, it's just human nature to fight for life and freak out when your life is threatened, which is why I pussied out the first time. Wow, I'm fucking pathetic. If anyone even reads this, I'm sorry that I just bored you with my pity party. 
As I'm typing this the event I'm about to mention happened only about an hour ago so I apologize if I ramble as I'm very shaken. I don't know where to start but my point of this post is that I hope this can help someone. Anyone. I was smoking a cigarette on my break not too long ago when the mailman comes by to hand my father(family business) the mail. He mentions something is going on on the bridge right behind our shop. My dad has always looked out for this complex and always is the first to run into dangers way. Well, today was no different. This time he asked me to come with. I had no idea what was going on so I clumsily follow. As I get closer to the bridge I see a wheelchair right up against the guard rail. A cane propped against the bridge. My heart dropped. I knew what I would find if I kept walking but a small flicker of hope in me thought that the man who jumped maybe broke bones and I could run down and help. That's sadly not what I saw. Today I saw something that will forever change me. As someone who has struggled with depression, someone who's had a close call with ending my own life. I feel utterly broken. I don't know this man. I never will. All I will know is something pained him so much as to take his own life. And that is what hurts so much. That maybe if I saw him moments before I could have helped in some way. I guess my point of this is to talk out what I just saw. But also to let people know that even if you don't think anyone cares if you go thru with it. Even if you don't feel loved. I want to tell you that is a lie. You are beautiful and you are loved and life will get better. Please please please reach out. Talk about it. Let others help you. It's not weakness to feel pain and not weakness to get help. Speaking up and asking for help helped me and is why I'm alive today. And to those not dealing with suicidal thoughts please help your fellow human. Be a shoulder to cry on, an ear. If you feel you're not qualified to help(we aren't always qualified even if we come from the sincerest of places) please help them get professional help. Love to everyoneMay your days be bright and full of hope
I've been dealing with sexual, painful intrusive thoughts for 4 years now. It ruined my 2 year relationship and now that person has become part of the problem, torturing me almost constantly. Physical urges have become depressive triggers, and I can barely browse Reddit anymore thanks to that.I love playing music and video games, but can't focus anymore. I'd love to dive into a new game like FFXV, but I can hardly play an hour before the thoughts consume me and make me so depressed I can't focus.I've been in inpatient therapy recently, and did outpatient as well, trying so SO hard to fix this. I'm on anti psychotics, depressants and anti anxiety meds and I still feel all this pain.People know I'm not safe... I can't get my girl back... and every moment is torture. It's been 3 months I've been out of college now and I can't see myself going back into that environment. Please... any help? thank you.
My grades are terrible and i'm really scared i won't be able to go to a good college and start a life or anything.  My grades are shit, and i'm in my junior year of highschool.After highschool i'd like to work with computers or do something with powerlifting but both of those are near impossible.The girl i like who is also my bestfriend is complete opposite of me.  Super smart, good grades, has their life planned out.  And i'm praying i can make something out of competitive powerlifting since lifting weights is brainless and that's the only thing i'm good at.  What my lies ahead for me in my future seems dark, considering me in my current state. 
I ran away from home when I was younger, and would not have come back if the police hadn't come for me. I just feel like I've always been wasting everyone's time my whole life. I've never been too interested in the whole living experience. I understand that other people see some sort of value, get some sort of fulfillment out of it, so I have tried supporting people as much as I can. more than 85% of all money I have earned from work has gone to charities that I believe in. But my drive to help other people has never let me sleep easy at night. How could it? another day was coming. another day where the only reason I would have to keep moving was not causing anyone else pain, while allowing myself to endure it."You have a ****** up brain." That's what my first therapist told me. I was sent in for treatment after my first attempt failed. They took my shoelaces. It's not just the Anxiety attacks, the lack of serotonin, the social anxiety that made me feel like fire whenever I talked to people, the mania, or the psychosis my head inflicts on itself when trying to solve the unlimited number of variables that is life at once, (which eventually lead to schizophrenia and hallucinations) its that I have no reason other than other people. On the note of other people being my reason for still being here, we have a problem. Globally, I mean. Our resource's are being continually eaten away by the exponentially increasing number of people being born. With limited energy, time, and food to solve the problem, I see no reason why my life should drain more than it should from this planet. Especially when I really have never wanted to be here in the first place. The only reason I am still here is that I have people I love that I want to spare from pain. But I've been wearing that lifeline down thin over the last few months. Honestly, I hope you all have a good day, if you can, for reading this far. But I promise you that you will all be better off, culturally, economically, and ideologically, if someone so bothered by their very existence like me didn't wake up tomorrow.
I have been struggling with depression on and off for about 4 years. The past 6 months have been nothing but pure agony. I have tried a few different medications, councilling, therapy, meditation, smoking lots of weed, and nothing I do helps for more than a few hours and when the high is done I crash harder. Most of the time I just end up feeling worse. My biggest fear right now is waking up 20 years from now and realizing that I have spent the majority of my life hating being alive wishing I ended it sooner. I want to get better but am frustrated and feel like I am out of options and nothing I try will work. I have spent every night this past month crying myself to sleep wishing I was dead and thinking of ways to sabotage my relationships so once I go the people I care most about won't miss me. If anyone has stories of feeling this hopeless and.... Just.... Done with everything and where you are now, what helped you and how much better your life has become please share, I really need some motivation to keep going.
My ex partner and I were together for 3 years. We had a lot of things going on and had been through a lot together. We are both f 25. We broke up 4 months ago. My ex has bipolar and during the 3 years was admitted 7 times into a psychiatric ward. During our last year together, she had attempted suicide 3 times (2 times in a hospital, once at home). The last attempt I came home to find her overdosed on antidepressants and sleeping pills. From this, she spent 5 days in the cardiac ward.  She nearly died and I freaked. Looking back, I did not deal with this the right way. We got through it, but I was not coping with finding her like that (when i found her she was still conscious she said "you came home too early". She got better. Things were still difficult and I was still not 100% but we stayed together for another 8 months happily.I spiralled out of control with everything and engaged in sex work (didnt not sleep with the guy). She found out and was destroyed- and obviously broke up with me for cheating. I take full responsibility for these actions. I am aware of everything and I do not want to be roasted on reddit for my huge mistake.My ex and I have been sleeping together 2-3 times a week. It's obviously all a secret because of what I did. We both have admitted on many occasions that we're still very much in love with eachother. Her mum knows everything and speaks with me, she knows I love her and made a huge mistake. She wants us to get back together but my ex cannot trust me (which is fair enough). Yesterday we spent the day together.During the day she was kissing me and saying how much she loved me and I stupidly said how much I wished we could be together because I would do anything to gain her trust again. She got upset and just said "you fucking smashed my heart into pieces". I apologised of course and confessed my love AGAIN before I left. I did no contact for a month when we first broke up. I have tried seeing other people. My friends know what I've done. Ive been talking to professionals. I just can't seem to let her go. We were engaged. This was who I thought I would spend the rest of my life with. Some times I feel okay and realise I am not my mistakes. Other days I want to kill myself. Today is one of those days. I can't live with the guilt and I cant live with the shame. I destroyed the best thing in my life. It's been 4 months and I don't know what to do anymore. I cant live with what I did. 
Losing my family and home in less than 30 days due to financial difficulties. I'd eat a bucket of pills if a funeral wouldn't just finish my husband off financially. I could be homeless for a little bit and not give a shit. But I'm going to lose my dogs and my turtles. I just can't bear it. I can't get housing assistance because of the short notice and the backlog. My entire family has been poor as fuck for a long time, and when my dad died unexpectedly a few months ago, what little they had went into burying him. Everything I had mustered went in the grave with him too... not to mention my will and my give-a shit. And the cherry on top? I was fired as a direct result of having narcolepsy. So for the next 28 days they're going to be cutting off utilities and then I have to be out of my place. The "craziest" thought I've had recently? Finding some sadistic millionaire who will pay to watch me do it, securing their future.  
god i am so fucking sick of being alive. i'm so fucking numb that i can hardly move my fingers to write this post. if i had a gun right now i would shoot myself in the head without a second thought. i hate myself so much.
so i guess that means that if i get through this it won't ever be this bad again right? that means that if i get through this everything else is easy in comparison.
If I commit suicide by jumping off a building will my family be faced with the clean up costs?
That I was so desperate for a person to talk to that I texted him. I honestly don't know what I expected from him. I honestly thought we could have been friends, but I don't even count as a whole person most of the time and I'm easily blown off. I just wanted some one to talk to even if it was you scony, I'm sorry for constantly interrupting your life. Sorry for everything.
I'm not on drugs or anything, but have a big problem with self-control.I don't know if there such addictions, but I've been obsessed with porn, reading, soda, milk(which may have caused my insane acne), video games, YouTube, gum, and a few other things.And the sad part is, I pretty much created this account to stop using Reddit for wasting time(and solving my problems)but it didn't help that much. I'd be able to handle them for a couple of weeksand then binge or I'd end up moving to another addiction.My parents don't care for me. Or at least my mom doesn't. My dad is all about school and how I need to be amazing and some shitand he doesn't understand the grading system(in our school a C is sort of standard/average, and sure I got 2 D's, but I also got 2 B's). My mom isindescribable. All she says is study, study, study. She doesn't even know that my sister and I have different teachers and textbooks. She's such a cheapskate that I've gotten in trouble at school for not wearing right stuff/rant i guessI have a shit mindset. My internet's not working? Of course, we have shit routers.My shower is weird? Duh, My house is shit.I do have friends at school, but none are the type you can truly tell everything tothere's no one for me. I did have an amazing friend, but she moved away. She used to be suicidal too, and wanted to kil herself with toilet cleanerso I kinda drank some to prove that it wouldn't kill her. there's no one to talk to, no one to rant to, and no one to be with.I hate myself. It's almost an anger fuelled cycle. I don't want to commit suicide, but I'm so angry. Sorry if this was out of place
Besides killing them and having to spent life in jail?
my post may seem stupid, it may seem.....pathetic in a sense, or in every sense of the word. But my life is pointless and pathetic. I'm a high school drop out that now has to go to adult school to get my diploma, I'm ugly as all hell so no one is ever going to fall in love with me. My life has gone no where since high school, I feel like offing myself might be best for my family and myself, they won't have to deal with a dissappointing accident anymore, and I can finally be put to rest. I dunno, I just want to drown or OD. and if you did find my post pathetic or stupid, I am very sorry for wasting your time 
And instead of standing up for myself, I let them.  Now my life is ruined, I'm miserable and am going to kill myself because I can't get over the horrible things I have done by trusting those fuckheads instead of myself.
I really wish i wouldnt have to go through another day. Today i gave my husband divorce papers, and i know how much it hurts him, but our marriage just wont work anymore. :( I keep overthinking everything.I dont want to go through this. It is too hard. Im tired. I just wanna sleep now and hopefully i will never wake up.
Goodbye, it was a bad run. I'll die of asphyxiation in a couple of minutes. EDIT: Just got home a couple of minutes ago, thanks for trying to stop me but It won't change my mind. I'll see you sometime, somewhere else.
Is the final knife in my back. I'm so tired..just let me pass away in peace. I'm tired of "fam", "job", "friends". I have nothing. I don't even want to live. Why me? Why am I still here? I won't make it pass my next birthday. I'll be better off dead, and I'm sure plenty of people will be happy once I'm gone. Just a pile of crap anyways. So fucking tired of life.
Seems like the least I could do.
It feels like every day I'm getting closer and closer to giving up. You guys are incredibly supportive and all, but I don't think there's hope for me. It is my belief that some people just aren't meant for life and I am one of those. I'm still struggling on for now.
After having battled anxiety and depression for 18 years I've hit a new uphill battle that I just don't want to fight anymore.Long story short I'm losing my roommates and possibly my job in the next few weeks. Pride has made me stop talking to my friends, family, and lovers. I've been drunk for four years straight now. My easy way out is sitting in a drawer next to me within arms reach, staring back at me.I'm... terrified. Of the darkness that awaits and that if I sought help they would take my ability to choose away from me.Pride and fear. Pride strong enough to sacrifice the happiness of those around me in order to escape. Fear strong enough to keep my lies up and running.I could get help... but I don't want to. I may just be posting here to get these thoughts out of my head. Resenting life and people, unable to remember emotions past a few hours, and being scared is a terrible position to be in.
I've been trying to get better...it's been about three years since I've been feeling like this. However at first it wasn't as bad. But my desire to end my life is strong. To be honest, I'm actually scared to do it. Idk why, but I'm just scared. Too many things have been going on with me. With school, work, everything is just a disaster. I also have a girlfriend who i am madly in love with, however with all my depression and anxiety and suicidal thoughts, I think she doesn't love me anymore. She doesn't know about any of my problems and the reason I don't tell her is because I never wanted her worry about me, it was my job to worry about her. Ive pretty much let everyone I love down, disappointed a lot of people. Nobody respects me, nobody treats me the way I try to treat others, and to tell you the truth I'm just tired of feeling this way. I want to end my life but I don't know when to or how to do it. Or how I want to say goodbye to some ppl. I don't know man, I'm trying..
One of my lifelong childhood friends (20/m) fell into a deep bout of depression over the past few months - he quit his job and became a NEET and has accrued a decent amount of debt and doesn't leave his house. He does not care about finding a job anymore and has become very lazy and has absolutely no self esteem.He's told me a couple of times that he sometimes wants to kill himself but he is a very emotionally distant and non-intimate guy, so any time I try to get him to talk about his feelings he quickly changes the subject. The first time he did this (years ago) I told his parents and they did absolutely nothing. Didn't even talk to him. The second time, I emailed his dad and still, nothing. The only thing they have said to him is "We hope you will reach out for help from Jesus." He's a dignified atheist, so this literally infuriates him and he has a lot of spite towards his parents because of this.I don't know what to do. He has no desire to seek help and he will not talk about his emotions. He's never been the one to open up to people - I have known him for almost a decade. Any advice would be immensely appreciated. 
Couldn't go to work today. I just couldn't deal with it. I'm in this messed up state where I either can't sleep, or sleep way too much. The times when I can't sleep are the worst. My mind races with anxiety about work, and how I'd rather die than go back.My eating habits have become atrocious, so my stomach is constantly churning.I had been crying off and on for the past month, everywhere. At work, home, in the car..because of the work stress and depression.But now I just feel empty. None of my escapes are working anymore to relieve this emptiness. I'm continuously teetering on the edge of ending my life, and this empty feeling will make it easier.
So I have PTSD from an abusive relationship that ended when my now-ex tried to kill me in front of our son, who was a couple months shy of three years old at the time. He also has PTSD from it, and I feel like it's my fault for not leaving his shitheel of a father before he had to witness that, and for not seeking professional help for either of us for two yearsduring which I almost certainly made things worse for the poor kid, albeit unintentionally. I'm so sick of making everything worse for everyone I love. My boyfriend doesn't understand, and he is incapable of supporting me emotionally when I'm like this (even going so far as making me feel guilty for not supporting him, although I don't think he meant to), and nothing I've done for my kid seems to help him much. I can't hold down a job, and I've been trying to go to school, but I'm probably going to fail at least one of my classes this semester. I let everyone down constantly and I feel hopeless. I just want to go lie down in traffic, except I couldn't do that to my kid (both because I'm basically the only constant thing in his life, period, and because then he'd have to go back to the psychotic ass who did all this to us in the first place). I just feel stuck and ashamed and worthless, and I wish I could just stop existing without anyone even remembering I was ever there in the first place.
So I goofed up this past weekend. Did something I'm not proud of, and have some friends mad at me. This is the first time that they've seen me at my moral lowest, and it really feels ugly. I'm super ashamed of what I did, and I regret all of it, but some of my lifeline friends are extremely pissed and it is coupling with the pressure of finals and some family drama to create a very difficult whirlpool of emotions for me. This is easily the most depressed I've been in a while, and I don't know what to do outside of continuing to apologize, which I've done already. 
i have no friends. i constantly feel like a burden. the little attention whores on tumblr have made my disorder a fucking joke so i can't even talk about it without someone thinking i'm faking or being toxic/manipulative/etc. the guy i'm dating has been ignoring me for the last few hours so that's cool and fine. idk i'm just really tired and if i have to continue to be alone i would rather be dead. i've been cutting for the last hour or so and im pretty sure at this rate i'm gonna be dead by the end of the night. i don't want anyone to read this and blow smoke up my ass about how things get better because fuck you it doesn't. no i don't want to talk to you about anything and no i don't want you to try to be my friend or whatever. i just want to die
I've really screwed up. I've fucked up way too many times now. I've betrayed my parent's trust and can't even look at myself in a mirror for fuck's sake. I completely deserve this. I'm a fucking idiot. I actually want to die. Just fucking end it.
I have tried to fight this feeling for years, but lately all I can hear in my head is this voice telling me to end it all and to put myself and the people around me out of the misery I cause. So tonight is the night I think I am finally going to give in. I'm not sure why I'm posting here. I guess I just want closure. I feel empty. I don't know who I am. I'm unsure of what I stand for. I hate everything I do, and I'm failing at everything. Even my family has told me I'm a disappointment. I never have and never will contribute anything positive to society. All of my actions are self destructive and I'm tired of hurting myself and the people around me but I just can't stop. 
I'm only there because my parents forced me. My mother constantly complains about my notetaking. Nobody's interested in making friends. There's no clubs to join. I was at university, but I flunked out, so I don't feel any hope of going to university in the future.
Hi. I just turned 21 a few weeks ago. I don't know what to do anymore. Due to some recent events, this past week all I have been thinking about is suicide. I have nowhere to turn to. I don't have many friends. Counselors don't work. I just cry every night. I don't have a good relationship with my parents, they think I'm fine. The rest of my family thinks I'm happy. I put on a good show I guess. I barely sleep anymore. I can no longer enjoy the things I used to do. I can't play video games, read, or watch tv shows or movies. All I do is go to class, go home, and lie down staring at the ceiling wondering who the fuck I am and why I'm even here in the first place. Nobody likes me. I'm ugly as fuck. Nobody would ever want me. I'm alone. I hate it. I hate myself. I have no purpose, no motivations, nothing. I don't want to be me.
how many valium does it take to die? I don't have my whole packet with me today I think I've taken 6 plus 2 zyprexa it's all I've got I don't think this is going to do the trick but i might fall asleep i guess. not driving home today my bike broke down again which was the straw that broke the camels back. I want out. Got a good blade in my desk drawer so that might be the way once all this kicks in.
I'm barely holding on anymore. I hardly want to live. I want to know how to get into a psych ward, who do I call? Is it serious enough for me to be admitted? I feel like finals are gonna push me over the edge, my depression has really pushed my grades down and after all I've worked through to bring them up to "acceptable" levels, this could end it all.I can't deal with living anymore, I'll never make it in life. But for all the people who believe in me, I'll give it another chance. I've already attempted once.
I see one constant in my life, I fuck it up.2 failed relationships, 2 children, I barely function as a human and hide and play video games and get high hoping it's just a dream. Been depressed over a decade and am at a point I just have nothing left.I have stopped eating regular meals, because cooking for one is wasteful..or at least me. I have been thinking of places to end the journey.I feel like Knight Solaire, lookin for my sun..
Hi,Second post here.I found out that help from my friends, even the online ones, keeps the bad thoughts at bay.I actually look forward to my nocturnal gaming sessions with my friends, where we talk, giggle, have a drink, talk crap, just relax.That is my light of the day.  
I'm a twenty-four year-old male who's been dealing with depression and anxiety for a long time (it started around adolescence).As long as I can remember, I've just been going through the motions. School. Work. Sleep. Things seem less bleak when I'm with loved ones, but as soon as I'm alone my anxiety and depression cripple me from functioning.My grades in high school were barely passing, so I ended up enrolling in the best local community college for a few years with no real progress toward anything but general education classes.The past few years, I've used marijuana as an antidepressant. 2016, however, I smoked a good deal more. Marijuana aside, with the support of my best friends (one of whom I'm dating), I've sought help and tried to improve myself. In January, I was feeling more hopeful than I had in a long time. I helped my buddy found a startup business, got prescribed anti-depressants (Citalopram) & Adderall (also diagnosed ADHD), and strove to learn new skills (graphic design, programming, some other stuff) so my resume would look better and I could start making something of myself.Along with the medication, I talked to both a psychiatrist and a psychologist. Things seemed to be steadily improving for the first six months or so, and then my medical insurance changed abruptly (family insurance provided through parent), and now my only choice is to see professionals through Kaiser Permanente. I was assigned a psychiatrist who seems to not want to continue my Adderall prescription without me going through Kaiser's process (I assume for liability reasons) and told me that he didn't approve of my smoking marijuana, which makes total sense to me, He didn't seem nearly as kind or experienced (very young) as the other professionals I was seeing.Since June, I haven't done much. I've done a little work here and there for the startup, but I've definitely dropped off the radar for the most-part (I'm more ashamed of this than I'd like to admit).Now, it seems like it's all falling apart. The SSRIs don't seem to be working anymore (even with raised doses), and my tolerance for marijuana has risen to the point that I can't afford it. On some level, I know the things that I need to do. I need a new doctor (at least one who I feel understands me) and to switch my SSRI to something else. But all I do is sleep, sulk, and sob. I can barely find the motivation to take care of myself.Earlier this week, I started applying for jobs online through local staffing agencies and freelance-content websites like Upwork. I haven't heard back yet. Since then, I've barely left my room. I'm completely sapped of energy. I just don't know what to do.I know people have been through far, *far* worse than I have, but I just can't shake this constant feeling of inadequacy and sadness. It's like I'm mourning a life that I know I'll never reach. **I don't want to commit suicide**, but I'm posting here because suicidal thoughts are present and becoming more frequent.Has anyone else been in a position like mine? How did you crawl your way out of it?Either way, thanks for hearing me out. Typing this makes me feel a bit better in itself. I look forward to reading what you have to say.edit: added additional information
25 mg of rivotril++ 120 mg of risperidone + 280 mg olanzapine. Can it kill me? I hope it will, I am about to try it out see you suckas
Hi,I need help and fast.
I want to die, but I don't want my final minutes/hours to be filled with excruciating pain. The only things I have here are pills and knives, and I'd never be able to do that. Idk, I guess I just needed to say something. I just want to go to sleep and not wake up. Sorry to waste everyone's time. 
That's all.
I've decided to do it as soon as this year ends. I would do it sooner, but I have some stuff to sort out, and I want to be around to meet my niece before doing it. My mind is pretty much made up, but the thing is, as convinced as I am about going through with this, I'm scared. I'm scared about what comes after.  If religious teachings are anything to go by, then I have nothing pleasant waiting for me 'on the other side'. I've had a complicated relationship with religion, and I honestly don't even know what I believe, which is what makes this even harder I suppose. I don't know what I'm hoping to achieve by making this post to be honest. I certainly don't want people to try and talk me out of it. My mind is made up. I guess I just wanted to hear your thoughts on it. (this is my first time posting on reddit, and I'm using my phone, so I'm not sure if I'm doing it right. Please excuse me if I messed it up somehow)
I just want to know if they have the right to restrain me or some shit, I am just tired. And they broke me, they kept stretching, and well... congratz you stretched too much fuckers. I am done. I just need to make sure, what will happen if I let my doc know about this. Maybe she will prescribe me even more "anti-depressive" drugs. Yeah ,thanks very much bitch, thank you for providing me with OD material. Fuck this society, fuck this body, fuck this life. Can they stop me from committing suicide? This is inhuman. This is basically torture. I just want out of this fucking misery. This is hell.
For the past two years I've considered these guys my closest friends. There have been a few dramatic moments but nothing to make them turn against me. I accidentally found out that they were doing things without me (on nights I had to work), and when confronted about it admitted they waited to do them on the nights I had to work because I wouldn't be there. I got extremely pissed and they told me to fuck off/kill myself when I continued asking them questions. I am so frantic right now I have no idea what to do. Like literally I've spent all of my college career with them and now they've told me to end my own life. They're all I have here.
I'm not close to killing myself or anything. I've been having suicidal thoughts for a while though. I've just been really depressed and I feel like that depression has been growing for years. I have my husband for support, but it's so hard to tell him that I think about dying because I know it hurts him. This is more of a small rant than asking for help. I know what I need to do to get help. It's just so hard to give myself that push when I hate myself and feel like I don't deserve it.
A bit of background, I'm a sex addict who has been going to therapy for a few months now. I've had a sex addiction problem for about 12 years now, but it became so intense over the past 2 years that it lead me to have an affair and cheat on my wife. My wife knows about the affair, has stayed with me, and is attending therapy with me. I am not worthy of such love. I dishonored her by being unfaithful to her. My addiction centers around a hair salon/spa fetish in addition to past instances of homosexual activity and fantasy, along with transgender fantasy. I identify as a straight male, I love my wife, but I shame her by having those thoughts. I feel the hurt others have as someone who has privilege, but feel as if me being gone from this earth would help ease the minds of people of color, women and LGBTQ as one less straight white male that perpetuates the patriarchy. Maybe it would be good if I was rounded up and executed simply for being what I am. That is truly what I deserve.I don't blame religion, if anything, its kept me going these past few years. I know what Christians and the church say, and I'm grateful for their love, but somehow, I know I deserve death deep down for all I've done and am. Even if having those thoughts aren't a sin, there is enough that I've done that would make me unworthy in the sight of a holy, perfect God.I view myself as a worthless employee at work. I work in information security, but know far less than anyone on my team, let alone my department. I hate myself for not being as good as the people around me. I am stagnant in my career, and think of myself as a lazy son of a bitch who deserves nothing more than to be homeless and on the street.My only solace is to drink and masturbate, to numb myself to my pain. Sometimes I wish I would just drink myself to death.Even if family and friends had an initial shock of me being gone, it would be temporary and all would move on. Where have I gone wrong in all this? My wife and my family all deserve a better person such as I. The world would be better off with one less straight,white male, so it gives other people a chance to make something of themselves.
Okay, it's my first time writing on a support page. I'm not sure if this is right place to let whatever I'm feeling out and understand with what I'm feeling, but at the moment I feel like I can't go to my regular support group which are my best friends. for a while I've been having suicidal feelings but fortunate enough i never completely pulled it off...everytime I would have these intense emotions to where I would want to suicide, I'm diverted in doing so  by something else that's happening around me, which would take my focus off my me committing suicide, for example my bestfriend getting type 1 diabetes, my mom  finding she had breast cancer  or finding out someone close passing away etc . I can't seem to focus, I feel like a zombie trying to push through day to day activites such as certain errands, going to class or even work. Certain days I just don't want to get up from my bed, due to feeling intense negative self-demeaning emotions. I've cut myself before to get rid of these intense feelings...however haven't touched that option for a long time. fast foward to the last couple day...Im feeling the way im feeling as i mentioned before , i was really contemplating on carrying out my suicidal thoughts, and was finding ways to do. Feeling this way I wanted to see one of my bestfriend before going through with it...then her sister (who is another bestfriend of mine) called telling  us  our mutual friend found out she had a tumor in her kidney and not sure if it was cancerous or not. I don't know how to feel about it. As selfish as this sounds, and as ashamed I feel for admitting this I was wishing it was me instead of her, everything I feel this way , someone else happens to be going through a worse ordeal than i am , ans i feel like my suicidal thoughts dont merit to anything. I don't know if it's envy, jealousy or anger or what it is that I feel when I found out about this.....I would love perspective on this...Sorry for the long post and if my thoughts are all over the place. I'm just trying to figure this out and didn't really know where to go, or who to turn to. Because although I do feel like I want to erase myself from this world. A part of me somewhat wants to fight it.Thank you guys for your insight.
Everything is just falling apart around me. People I thought I was beginning to get along with, turn out to have so little respect for me to the point where they just push me and push me until I say something terrible to one of them, and then I get ostracized. I want to hang myself really soon and despite wanting to kill myself being a constant though, I just don't think I can keep going for much longer. Nothing ever works out.
So, I'm an alcoholic, I destroy everything I touch, I've never amounted to anything I was supposed to.  I'm done with it all.  I want to go visit ny mom's house because I know there's a shotgun by the door that I can use to just end it.  
I'm like 5'3''-5'4'', 19, depressed, alone, everyone left me, i'm bad as fuck at college, i have a headache that i can't control anymore and the only think i can think of is suicide. Is there any hope for me anymore?
I have suffered every day of my life, starting when I was a kid growing up gay in a bigoted rural town that hates me. I've never really had friends, certainly never anything more than that, I still don't. I've wanted to die for a year, and attempts I made at treatment ended in two forced hospitalizations (which also didn't help). I've lost trust in mental health professionals. I failed out of college, and now I'm stuck at home, in the place that did this to me. My family doesn't give a fuck how I feel, and I get worse every day. Being here makes me want to die more and more, and has also started giving me homicidal thoughts as well as the suicidal ones.I need out of here fucking immediately. There are places I'd love to move to (California, Chicago, possibly Seattle) but I only have $300 right now and cannot afford a place to live. The I've wanted to die, 7 months of which have been in this miserable place, has completely wrecked me and I do not feel I can hold on long enough to earn the money, and nobody will help me get out of here. I don't know what to do. I'm on a downward spiral more and more into insanity; I can't get myself out all on my own and I have no one who can or will help me. I don't know what to do.
I hate myself and being alive is literally painful. I'm not good enough to do anything useful and there's no way I could ever do anything great (which is the only way I'll respect myself), so what am I even doing. I've been existing looking around for something dangerous, begging something to "accidentally" kill me. I don't want any part of anything. I hate everything, I'm scared of everything, I'm confused by everything. There's no way out unless I become competent and confident and effective and ambitious, which I am none of and can't be no matter how hard I try. Why am I here???
2 days max, then I am doing it. Fuck this life.
If maybe dying allows people to hold onto your "potential" instead of the kind of person you would actually be if you kept living?I keep thinking, "maybe dying will hurt people now, but life has plenty of opportunities through which I can hurt others, and I'll likely hurt others all my life. Death squashes those stretched out moments of hurt into a smaller gap of time."People are hard to be with. I've already used up so many second chances.
I'm struggling, I feel like no one understands me or cares, my ex girlfriend just decided to cut me off completely, she was the only one I could talk to about certain things but within three weeks our relationship hit rocks and I wanted a break so I told her but she pushed me to make a decision and we broke up, I was trying to move on but she messaged me a week later trying to be friendly but I pushed her away because myself told me to, and she finally decided to move on, won't even talk to me or anything, we've been together for so long, it's unlike me to be affected by this at all, I guess my feelings were real and I loved her so much even though I didn't say it or try to make things better, she's with someone else now, which sucks, I just don't understand, I have no friends at all that can help me, I've tried commiting suicide three times in a span of 2 days already, it failed. Im really not sure what to do, im 21 but I'm not like the average 21 year old, I don't feel my age at all, sometimes I feel 16 or 60, I feel like I don't have much to give anymore, I don't have a job, I'm hopeless, I suck as a person, and I'm stupid. I honestly don't know what's wrong with me and how I can get help, my family doesn't care, she was the closest thing to family I ever had now she's gone, I feel no reason to exist anymore, I can't even get wasted because I'm poor, I'm such a loser.
******And please, rather than just downvoting, please actually reply to my post. Tell me that i suck as a husband. Tell me that i was stupid for scamming people back then and i deserved it. Tell me that I only blame others for whatever wrongdoings i did. No point downvoting if i do not know why u guys are downvoting.********I was born into a lower class family. My family was very supportive and loving, i was very successful at school and everyone viewed me as someone who is bound to be someone important in the future.I ended up being a disappointment towards everyone.It all started when i was wrongfully accused of stealing my ex-roomates phone when i was in college. I ended up flunking because nobody wanted to group up with me and due to depression i couldnt even study. I lost my friends including the ones from my high school because of this accusation.I was so depressed not being able to further my studies, losing my friends and having neighbours around my place gossiping about me.I was young, i didn't handle it well. Since people accused me of stealing back then, i scammed peoples money (without evem usimg the money) just to get myself arrested. I didn't get arrested, but my family brought me back to my feet. My girlfriend was always there with me. I've repented and think positively that there will always be people who would love me.6 years passed.I work as a civil servant for my Government. Work was going very well until I got a new boss. I did procurement and asset management during that time. This particular new boss marked up the price of items i ordered for the department for his own good. I don't wanna be involved,  i cannot allow this to happenso i reported to the Anti Bribery Enforcement. Somehow this new boss knew about this and forced me to tender my resignation. Its either me tendering the resignation, or he will do things so that i wouldn't get a job in the future. I tendered my resignation.I was jobless. Thats when i decided to be a runner (someone who helps people buy stuff) to buy stuff from my neighbouring country (it's cheaper there). First few months it went well with the middlemen. But then the middlemen started giving excuses. I've paid the middlemen UsD10,000 for items (using the money my customers gave me). He went missing. Me being scared started making excuses to the customers, then im to scared to even check my facebook. I started looking for a job but couldnt get any. I still leave my facebook page up so that i could contact them and pay once i have the money in the future.Ive been jobless for almost 1 year now.I have a very smart son, he's only 2.5 years old but my god he picked up everything very well. I'm afraid of losing him. It's either me being in the jails or being shot by one of my grudging customers.Currently in hospital to be operated tomorrow. Had a fight with my wife just now. Can't control myself when i got migraine (due to the fights) punched the windshield of her car and now its cracked.I made my son cry today after he saw me punching the windshield. I love him. He's the only one i have right now.Im thinking of suicide right now.Jumping off from the 8th floor of this hospital would ease my pain of this worldly things but my customers might target my son in the future. People will say that he is the son of a scammer who commited suicide.Side note***In our country, 30K usd of debt is very high for a low income person. Our minimum wage is 225USD per month and our fresh graduates with bachelor degrees tend to start off with usd 400-600 depending on their luck.***
Im just 19 and Im really tired of reality and I just wish I ddnt have to exist anymore.. and because of it I cant really express myself to anyone freely because I have to divert from whats really on my mind. Im so tired of thinking my way into a hole of self inflicted misery.. and these days I can barely get the drive to improve my life.. i feel like im slowly making life even worse by feeling this way but I already dont like life so much and dont know what to do to feel betterIm pretty sure my family is the only reason I keep myself alive.. because Im too afraid to make their lives even worse when living is already so hard
So, yesterday I had kind of a shitty day (see my post history, or don't, it's kind of depressing.. ) I just wanted to let you guys know that with your help I made it through a really tough evening, and today I let some people in my vicinity know that I've got some emotional shit to work out (I'm calling my doctor in the morning to set up an appointment with a psychologist).. I had a long conversation with my parents and I'm not considering suicide at the moment.. I'm gonna try and sort some of my shit out, I just wanted to thank you for all the kind words and the emotional support, I owe you guys so much, I love you. Thank you all 
I'm at a point now where I'm sick and tired of reaching out for help. I've tried doctors, exercising and arguing with myself that this negative thinking is bad. Nothing really seems to ever change and I'm still all alone in a life I don't want. I just hate waking up each day, worrying about how am I going to afford this. Always cutting back on food because I can't afford this or that. I hate going to job interviews. Saving up for the bus ticket or lying to my boss so I can get the day off to walk somewhere for a job interview. I hate not being desirable by the opposite sex. I hate having the need to be with someone. It's obviously unrealisitc. I hate having this defective brain that won't let me focus. Having a learning disability has completely fucked my life up. Most of all I hate not having a family. My last member of my family died years ago. I have no one in this world. You know when you call someone on the phone and just talk to them or go meet a friend or family at a restaurant for a nice meal? I can't do that. There is no one here to call. No one to get grab a bite to eat with, to share things with. I couldn't afford to go out and eat anyway. What I'm really considering to do today is go into a nice restaurant by myself. Eat the nicest meal I can and then go outside and kill myself. 
I loaded my .357. At first I only put in one bullet, with the intention of letting fate decide, but then decided to make it more interesting by loading in two more bullets and arranging them in a triangular shape and spun the cylinder, then shut it without peaking.  I then pointed it at my head. I wasn't thinking. My mind was mostly empty and my face emotionless. Then right before I pulled the trigger, I pointed the gun away from my head.  Two things happened today. One, I realised that I didn't want to die. And two, even if I did, I would've fired an empty chamber.
I have been hanging onto the bare minimum for the past 5 years of my life. I lost everything that kept me going this year. One by one, something I live for gets plucked off and my will to live shrinks each time. I'm running out of patience. I am tired of waiting. I'm so fucking exhausted.There's a prestigious and rigorous design school that I looked forward to attending ever since I was in 4th grade. I fell into severe depression in high school, but kept pushing because it was my only beacon of hope; the escape for my shit home life and a way to make new friends who share similar interests while pursuing what I love. I got rejected the first time but managed to get accepted the second attempt. I wasn't receiving any mental help at the time but figured my general positive attitude and passion for art would help me push through.Turns out I was wrong because I already got a mental breakdown the second week and slowly began falling behind, cutting classes, etc. until I took a medical leave towards the end. Now I've landed $28k in student loans from a term I couldn't even finish, I'm working two minimum wage jobs, and I have barely any friends. As an extrovert that kills me. My weeks are always the same: wake up, go to work, return home exhausted, maybe sometimes hang out with a friend for a couple hours on my days off when I've the energy.. I normally end up bailing because I'm so tired. I haven't drawn in months. I spend most of my free time feeling alone and crying in bed. It hurts so much. I used to visit my boyfriend every weekend but now he wants to take a break from the relationship. I try so, so hard to stay positive and hope that something good occurs to alleviate all the weight I bear, but I can't help but think how fucked my life is. My only eligible cosigner pulled out so I can't return to school. I recently got diagnosed with type 2 bipolar disorder and am not seeing anyone/taking medication due to lack of funds (the health clinics who accept MediCal are the worst and mood stabilizers make me feel like a zombie. I need my manic energy for all the emotional labor my jobs require!!). I'm stuck in a disastrous loop where I'm too drained from work to even create a portfolio for a studio job but I can't quit to create more free time because I'm on my own financially. I'll have to pay off my debt somehow after I use up all my grace periods. Not being able to attend school sets my career back by 5-10 years since there's too much on my plate. I feel pathetic. I recently spoke to an alumni from my major who offered to help (finally, a glimmer of hope!) but told me that I'd have to take a couple more classes before a company would realistically consider hiring me, to which he proceeded to recommend some I can hardly afford. Then my relationship slowly began deteriorating over the past couple months but I was excited to see him every week anyway. Now he wants to take a break so I've nothing to look forward to, nothing to persevere for. I barely scraped by this year, constantly telling myself that it can't get worse because I'm already under unfortunate circumstances. I mean, how worse can it get? and it got worse. and worse. and worse. Hang on they said! It'll get better they said! But I've now reached my tipping point, I see absolutely no hope nor do I see a future for myself. I keep thinking of my method of committing suicide, imagining it.. I start tearing up because it feels so real? I want to escape all of this so badly. I honestly think I'm going to end it within the next few weeks. I've attempted it twice before and hopefully this will do it. 
I'm a fifteen year old female who was diagnosed with depression. I was okay for the past few months but everything's changed. I'm having the same old thoughts of killing myself. I don't even know why I'm crying for no absolute reason at all. I really want to kill myself right now. Everyone's left me. I have nobody. No friends and even my family hates me. Me being alive is torturing them. I was hinting them for help but no one helped. And that's okay because I know I mean nothing. I'm not good enough. I never was. I'm not skinny enough. Not pretty enough. I'm a nobody. I mean nothing to anybody. I can't breathe. I'm on the edge of killing myself. I'm considering to do it when my family's sleeping. I'm going to overdose myself. I wrote everyone letters and even got ready some cash so that my family will not need to spend a single cent on my funeral. I think I'm doing it for real this time. I was actually considering to go back into the psychiatric ward but I know my parents won't allow. I don't know what to do anymore. I can't "get over" it. I can't breathe.
Relationship entering 5th year. On and off, but 5th year of being intimate with each other. He doesn't love me. Not like he used to. I know that. But I still loved him so I toughed it out, "for myself" my heart said. Long distance turned short distance (20 minutes drive) and he still can't commit to seeing me regularly (he says he's busy with odd shifts at work, I work an office hours job). We fuck a few times a year, texting contact aside from that. He'll be sweet once in a full moon. Other wise, it's pretty sex related any time we talk. Haven't seen each other in person for almost half a year now. Every time we're "off", it's because he's decided to chase some skirt. He just disappears and comes back pretending nothing was wrong, - "just busy" he'll say. But you can't put blinders on somebody in the age of social media, especially if you're going to be blatant about it. Every time, I took him "back" because I'm pathetic. Was pathetic. Latest round of this cycle left me in a bad place mentally. Sought help, been getting counselled since. Kept saying the next time I meet up with him, I'm going to confront him. Tell him to commit or get out. Last few months he's been freelancing, but still - not seeing me. Getting pretty fed up. He's been asking me for help. I've been cold calling different departments at my company to ask for favors, for interviews. It took a while, a lot of waiting, but he got one offer from one department. He hasn't emailed them back to my knowledge, asked me to reach out to another dept. The position was too "low" for his liking is my guess. Yesterday I got him another meeting offer (with other department) - dates TBD-ed. I text him the good news. No response even though he reads it.  Too busy on social media posting on his ex's wall cause the ex is suddenly thirsty for his attention. The same ex who tried to ruin his life by ruining his image on social media. Who knows if he'll "come back" this time. I'm so tired of all this.So yeah, fuck it all. FUCK IT ALL. I'm so tired of being punished for being good to him. 
Thinkin about suicide is eventually wanting me to do it with my current situation. It's all crumbling and ask sabatoging to a point of no return based on my thinking. Everyone I speak to wants me to start thinking posivitivly but can't bring myself to do it on a consistent basis and feel steady. The words and thoughts I say to myself is debilitating. I want them to stop and think it will take years to do. My big life decisions I have to make soon come with the after thought "if it doesn't work out, I could just kill myself". What's the use if this is how the thoughts come in and out. Where is the motivation I once had? How do other people negate these thoughts or accept them to heal them?
They aren't getting better, sick all the time. I know this is something I'll never get over. I am so fucking depressed. Still young and ruined a life... how fucking fantastic is that? I can't live my life knowing what I did. Anyone here ruin someones life?
Funny, I've invested 10k over the last 3 years into social services, counselors, psychologists, psychiatrist, all just to try and be seen as wanted by anyone who wasn't being paid to sit in the same room with me. I've sat for the last 9 months dedicating all my time to reaching out to strangers. No dice.Last week I drove 13 hours to Vermont to try and meet people. While kind, no one wants to have a pen pal or similar, so it's the same as if I didn't travel.While there I bought dinner for strangers, I donated lego's to the local school, and ever played in a community band on trombone!But, 1800 miles later, it's still just me here in isolation.I have a current therapist and they're kind enough to meet multiple times a week, and even for 2 hours at a time. The issue is they and others have shown that this is not depression, or mania. This isn't fueled by anger or similar, just a fact of, "If my life for the last 5 years of isolation despite employment, enjoyment of employment, traveling, eating proper, exercising, volunteering, etc. is any indication of what my future holds, this is no way to live. My health is good (I've gotten fatter with no one to venture out, the way I see it, If I'm not attractive or active enough when 21-25 while running half marathons, don't think I'll be good enough at any point), I don't drink, there are no drugs, there's no divorce or similar, just me.I don't like being the abnormal case in the mental heal and social science circles. Why is it, that no matter what this 27 year old does, they are isolated and have no attempt of intimate interpersonal relationships from any 3rd party.I've been willingly unemployed for almost a year, in 2 months my certification expires and I'm back down to a high school diploma and few college credits.I have no debt, no loans, nothing. No religious dogma to fulfil or similar. I have job offers across the U.S., and even Mexico (sorry I'm not moving down there for $40 and hour).So...if you were alone, no family, no friends, you medical professional help from 3 universities acknowledge that you have practiced everything they've taught and suggested (all the way to taking out personal ads in the news paper and craigslist), you've had professionals follow you in public to monitor social interaction and yet...for some unknown reason, no one wants to be your friend...but they'll near always take money...what would you do?Living alone is no way to exist, death is more comfortable. And while I know I'm chopping down the 'potential opportunities' that I can't imagine, lets face it, if I'm not wanted and haven't been wanted for the last half a decade, it's not going to change. Thoughts? Suggestions?Thanks for taking the time to read and write! Well thought out and considered responses are welcomed.
I guess this is going to be a rant on my suicidal thoughts and tendencies, and I'm generally hoping to at least relieve the stress from the situation due to the nonstop thoughts that've been running through my head the last couple years... I'm sorry in advance._______________________So today marks the day that I've officially lost my desire to fight it anymore. I've been battling depression since I was 13; going on about 10 years now of loneliness, depression, the desire to die, and trying to find even the smallest of things to keep me going day in and day out. Today marks the day where I've officially given up, as I've lost everything I held dear to me.Now, I'm originally from a very small town in Pennsylvania. Being enclosed into situations without having to interact is very easy to do considering low-population "city" and very few people I can call friends. I do have a family who is incredibly conservative and less affectionate than most families I've witnessed. Growing up, I lived in a fairly abusive household with my single mother. She used to beat me weekly, take her anger out on me any moment she could get the chance, and I'd make excuses daily as to why those bruises were on my neck/arm/back/etc. Alcohol was often times involved. I think the first time I've ever experienced bliss was the moment I was run over by my mother's car at the age of 4. Mother went to rehab once I hit 12 years old, but by that point, the physical abuse and emotional abuse from her became overwhelming and I lost my self-worth. Those 6 months were the most blissful 6 months of my life though, when I realized she was finally out of my life. Gone. No sign of her and no explanation.Between 13-20, the emotional abuse continued but at least the physical aspect had disappeared to say the least. I like to think it's because she realized I could finally fend for myself and fight back to the point where her physical threats meant nothing to me. Though, there was one time that she did attempt to gauge my eyes out at 14. I think that was officially the last time she laid hands on me though. Thankfully.I hit 20 years old, found out my girlfriend at the time had lied to me about birth control, and sure enough I was about to be a father because of a string of lies in an emotionally dictative relationship. I remember she started hitting herself after I threatened to leave her. Cops were involved, and so was my family. Again, unfortunately. I made mistakes in my life, but defending myself and being submissive was a mistake I refused to make again. Fast forward 3 years, my son's walking and blabbing away and I feel so empty inside... I rarely see him, and pay so many expenses and fees for support that I not only can't live by myself or support myself in day to day life, but I also was forced to break my no-contact with my mother a few years back. Forced to move back into her abusive household with her husband who takes most of the brunt. Not only do I want to kill myself, but I just want to disappear from everyone's lives as a whole. I can't feed myself, I drive 2 hours to work daily, can't achieve anything for myself, and all because I made a mistake being with someone who was controlling and abusive... 10 years of neglect, the lack of love, and being told how to live my life, and I've just made every single moment a living hell for myself.I can't carry this weight anymore and I don't know what I'm supposed to do... No one knows much of my personal life or abuse. I can't talk to anyone about this and it's eating me away bit by bit. A part of me is demanding I keep fighting and keep moving forward... but then again, the suicidal thoughts just keep creeping back into my head. I have a lovely girlfriend who I cherish but... is that really enough to keep me here? On this planet anymore...? I mean, practically no one remembers my face anyway. It'd only be a matter of time before everyone moves on from my death. Not like there'd be more than 2-3 who'd even care. Plus, on the bright side, at least my organs can help someone who has the will to live... Sleep is the only peace I get, and I take every moment I can to sleep. Every Friday. Every Saturday. I wake up at 6am, stay up until 10am-ish, and then sleep until 6-7pm. My only peace.
I have this urge to have a partner when I can't even talk to anyone? How am I supposed to navigate life alone? Why can one asshole ruin my day and a thousand lovely people not change my perspective? 
I'm diagnosed depression. Third year law student who has my first final tomorrow and two more this week. Tonight my fiance broke up with me and told me she's taking our dog and moving out of state, who we both paid for together and raised from a puppy. He's sleeping with me on the couch as we speak. This all came after my little brother got sent to prison for a crime he did not commit (multiple law professors have reviewed the circumstances of his case and agree he should not be there). I can't deal with all this. My dog and fiance are all that make me happy. I am losing both. She says she isn't happy and that things will never get better even though for the past month I've been doing well and have generally been quite happy. I want to die but I can't do that to my parents, who just lost one son.
I don't know where else to put this, but I'm constantly depressed. I don't have any motivation whatsoever, and I do tons of drugs (which is dumb considering that I'm a teenager). In fact, I'm on dxm polisterex right now. I have such a high tolerance for most drugs. Caffeine doesn't work for me unless I take over 700 mg, which is stupid.I have done:Nitrous 80 timesAlcohol like 30 or more timesCaffeine too many times to count and twice snorted Cigarettes too many times to count Nicotine from vapes too many times to countDiphenhydramine 50 timesMarijuana around four times smoked, dabbed onceMethylphenidate four times orally, twice sublingually, and eight or so times snortedMelatonin too many times to countEthylphenidate twice Hydrocodone twice Oxycodone onceDextromethorphan hydrobromide twenty one or so (probably more) timesDextromethorphan polisterex seven times or more in delsym form and once in powder formAdderall twice sublingually and once snortedlysergic acid amide seven times Midazolam once but I don't remember it wellPropylexedrine thriceChewing tobacco twicePseudoephidrine eleven or more timesSketchy ass taurine gas station pills once5-htp if that counts, it's a nootropic MagnesiumI feel so bad. I have absolutely no people to hang out with, and it makes me hate myself. I truly do despise myself, and recently I've been feeling suicidal. I tripped on delsym today and I must have cried for a solid two hours. I haven't cried in years, but tonight I seriously felt like ending my life.My best friend moved away six months ago and we don't keep contact that well, although I get to talk to him sometimes on snapchat. It makes my month whenever I can talk to himI would give all of my material stuff up just to see him again for 10 minutes, I love him so much and I don't think I will ever have a better friend. I don't really have any other good friends that I can actually talk to, and he was a person who I could open up toI'm truly fucking pathetic, my friends only want to hang out if they can get high for free off of my drugs I'm trying to make new friends, but I suck at that and nobody wants to respond to my texts or anything of that natureThe drugs I do are usually the only thing that make me happy, I have no friends to talk to. I am so lonely and sick of being by myself and I don't even know what I'm going to do with myself I don't want to live if I'm going to be this lonely all the time
So here I am and it's a little past midnight and I tried going to sleep earlier and I just broke into tears and starting clenching the sheets on the bed with my hands and I just feel like i'm in so much pain and I don't even know why. I'm just sitting here thinking I just should end it, but on the flip side I don't want to make the people around me sad. My friends and my family mean the world to me and I know that if I do it then they'll be sad too. I'm failing in university (probably because i'm depressed as), don't have a steady income, I think I might be homeless soon. All I can think about right now is that I want to die, but at the same time I don't because I am scared of what comes after I die, but i'm not even religious in any way. I feel like i'm so alone. I have nothing. I feel so ashamed that I feel this way. I'm exhausted. I just want this pain i'm feeling to go away. i don't know what to do. I can't picture a future with me alive. I just want to be happy, I just want this pain to go away. 
My girlfriend of 7 years left me, I'm living at home with abusive parents, my dog is dying, my best friend keeps trying to kill herself. I'm 2k in the hole and have been diagnosed with BPI, and Severe PTSD (which is the reason why my girlfriend left me). When I do sleep, it's for short bursts and I wake up from nightmares that I've come to relish, as the time I'm awake feels worse. As a young boy, I was abused by an alcoholic father, sexually abused by an uncle and a babysitter, thrown into the hell that was gay camp where they tortured me (I'm not even gay), my best friend from childhood was killed by an SUV on the way home from school, I was there, a man tried to kidnap me when I was 12, my grandfather died horribly while sleeping in my bed, I woke to see a contorted face that's burned into my mind so fiercely that I see it sometimes when I blink. I've lived in houses infested with cockroaches, moms a hoarder. My BPD (Borderline Personality Disorder) has destroyed every relationship I've ever had. I thought this time it would be different. I loved her more than I could, and it's killing me. She's gone. My dog is going to be gone, my car is fucked, and I'm 2 grand in the hole. The government is going to take my license away for failing to appear after I tried to reschedule it until after my midterms. I've lost 48lbs this month, I eat once every 2 days and try to get extra calories by consuming condiment packages. I'm going to kill myself in February. Unless things change. If she takes me back, that's all I need. Everything will be okay. But if not, I'll turn 25, and end it. Quarter-century, that's all I could manage. Pathetic. I'm worthless. A fucking disgrace, I should have taken my fucking useless ass out years ago. I don't even know why I'm writing this. It's all too much. I can't handle this life anymore. I'm taking blades to my flesh, the pain gives me relief from the agony that is my fucking pathetic life.My best friend has tried to kill herself 3 times, she cut her wrists, she crashed her car, and she tried to down a bottle of sleeping pills. She's failed every time, I can't stop her. What fucking good am I if I can't even save my best friend. I hate it, I hate it all. I'm worthless. Disgusting. I wish something would fucking kill me unexpectedly. Thinking my love will come back is the only thing keeping me alive. Delerious, retarded. Who the fuck am I kidding, who would want to be with such a sack of useless shit. I'm sorry for wasting whosoever should be reading this' time. I'm going to bed. When I wake up, I'll be one day closer to my death. I almost deleted all of this. I need help. I'm scared and I don't know how much more I can take. I feel like my heart is breaking and I want to scream until my lungs collapse. Tomorrow I will go to my psychologist and show him my arm. I just want someone to hold me. No one here cares about my pain. I feel so alone.
Not really doing well tonight. Ive held back talking about this for a long time, but I cant really keep quiet anymore.Im kinda frazzled, so pardon if this reads messy.It started when I had a really bad spell February 2015. I dont wanna go into details, but basically I dropped outta school, walked away from my job teaching seventh graders, and basically screwed everyone by dropping off the face of the earth. My colleagues still dont know what happened.I havent moved on yet, and Im currently living at my parents home. My folks only asked that I help take care of my paraplegic grandfather. I thought it was fair.Except my younger brother resented the fact that I had moved in. Hes 25, violently homophobic, and a sociopathic bully. He used to be paid by SSI to take care of gramps, except I found out he was clearly abusing him by withholding meals and physically hurting him, and calling him all sorts of derogatory names. Were filipino and my brother would always address gramps as Dogeater and make fun of his accent. If I said a thing, my parents would accuse me of trying to cause drama, and later Id get beat up by my brother or Id find some of my personal possessions defaced. I talked to Gramps about it, but he refused to let me tell any of the authorities or my mother. I promised I wouldnt, which was a terrible act of cowardice on my part.One of the visiting nurses eventually called Adult Protective Services. My brother thought it was me, and now hes resorted to bullying me to the point I cant leave my room without being threatened. I am much smaller, and I know this sounds pathetic because I am a grown man, but theres really nothing I can do about it. Gramps was sent to a nursing home, and he has to eat out of a tube now because he was so severely malnourished that his throat stopped functioning. Hes gotten better, but when I see him in the nursing home I feel horrible about myself. He tried to reassure me that hes old so it doesnt matter, and that I should forgive my brother.Its gotten worse since gramps left the house. I still have no prospects for a future and I live in constant fear of my brother. If I go for a piss, he stands right outside the door, whistling, pounding his fists. One day I didnt flush the toilet and so he punched me bloody. Another time, a friend dropped me off at home, and since it was a guy, my brother assumed we were dating and brought out a bat.I dont know whats wrong with me. Im always fixated on killing myself. I have had this problem for years, and I was committed for a suicide attempt back in 2011, but its worse now. I just cant get the notion out of my head that I should just jump off a building. Most of my family would appreciate it.I tried to indirectly tell a friend about all this, but he ignored me tonight. Which I can't blame him for. Pathetic guys like me don't deserve to live.
My sister is a junior in high school has a central processing disorder and interpret things vastly different than what is said. She struggles with bulimia and anorexia because of her body image. She is on the smaller petite size and here classmates are much more developed in the top and bottom areas so she is constantly comparing herself to them and what the guys in class say they like. She suffers from self mutilation and suicidal attempts trying to strangle herself. 
What's the point in staying alive if the only reason I'm doing it is so my friends and family aren't sad. I'm putting their happiness above mine and yet I'm still considered selfish. i've had biploar II for 22 years and nobody in my family cares at all. i'm so fucking depressed i want to scream and cut into myself until there's nothing left. i don't want to wake up any more. i hate this so much, it's not fair none of it. i hate myself but i love my friends, i can't hurt them by dying, they'll never understand that it's what i want. but how can i go on living like this? how long does this have to go on? i wish i would get hit by a car.
I've been struggling with depression and PTSD for the past 3 years and go to one of the best high schools in the country which is putting a lot of stress on me as well currently. Every day I wake up and feel like an empty fucking shell, I never talk to anyone, think of anything creative anymore, or even care to keep up with personal hygiene. Mostly the only reason why I haven't killed myself is because of the grief it would bring my family. I love them, I really do, and I know they love me, but they simply just dont understand what the fuck my life is like. Day to day just living for them is a constant hell for me but I have to do it for them. I'm sorry for this rant idk why the fuck im posting. 
I've been in a relationship for over 2 years with a guy who lives 300 miles away from me. He's the only person I'm really close to and the only person who knows of my struggles with my mental health.  I have been suicidal in the past that he knows about but those times I failed. I have told him what I am doing as I don't think he would ever forgive me if I didn't. He is really upset but I have explained the idea that although what I'm doing is not what he wants, I need him to hold my hand through it all. He's cried to me, and can't really handle the situation. I feel so full of guilt and so selfish.  I think he feels like he's part of the issue, and I can't bear the thought of this being him like this. To give a little bit of background, our relationship can be turbulent to say the least. Along with depression and anxiety, I exhibit  a lot of the symptoms you'd maybe associate with borderline personality disorder or bipolar type II. Excessive mood swings, splitting, erratic/manic behaviour. Everything shitty. On the other hand, he's slightly autistic and struggles with emotions. My constant need for confirmation of his love is met with coldness, etc. He does nothing wrong and I know I'm the bad one in all of this, but we have a lot of arguments and problems. . Although we both understand we love each other. My mental health at any one point is determined on how well our relationship is, as all other aspects of my life are either underwhelming or disappointing. I have an understanding now that our relationship is never going to work, and this is why I am doing this. I want to make this more bearable  for my boyfriend, as he's currently hurting so much. I find myself crying so much about what's going to happen to him after I go. I'm not even worried about me, but I'm so caught in this idea that I'm being horrible selfish. 
The Decision Tree O DoomTalks to Psych == get anti-depressant script, goes home, lives miserably ever after, the end == gets hospitalized == == loses all reasons to hang around == == job gone, followed by home,etc gone == == loses ability to pay for meds, goes off meds == == Testosterone returns, deadly mood returns == == survives 1-2 more months, death by suicide to  == == avoid becoming mass murderer, the end      Stays silent but legal == survives 3-5 yrs, death by suicide, the endBuy SSRI's illegally, play ssriRoullette with a loaded round in the chamber,woo hoo! == works somewhat 6 - 24 months == tries to switch, botches it.  death by suicide, the end.Problem is, if completely honest with psych, odds on the hospitalization treego way up.  If not honest, whats the point of going in the first place, hardly better than just buying meds illegally.Ideally, there'd be a way to talk to a psych, not lie, get a stupid zoloft script, and not break the only reasons I care to hang around.  And I'm just not figuring it out. BAHHHH!   
I think of ending myself quite often, nearly every night. I know I am too scared to actually go through with it, nor do I really want to die when I've got a handle on myself, but I live in fear that I'll snap and do something I'll regret. I would look into getting some form of professional help, but I'm afraid that they would be obligated to tell my parents, who would certainly not be okay with the entire sadness and suicide thing. On top of that, I don't know if I even want to get any kind of medicine, as I'm afraid of giving myself an out.In short, I think that I'm too much of a coward to either just get it over with or face my parents. I'm only posting here to get some thoughts on what I might do, as I'm really unsure if I can keep living the way I do. Thanks to all y'all taking time out of your days to listen to this sad sack, and thanks in advance for any advice that can be offered.
She lost her husband/my father years ago and had to raise 3 kids including me as a single parent. I've seen how hard it was for her and I don't know how she has the strength she does. I just want to die and I feel so guilty about it. I don't want to keep going anymore. 
I've been sick for half of my life. My back started to go when I was 18. I was with my fiance of 6 years and things were going fine. Suddenly one day she asked me to stay somewhere else for a few nights. In the next couple days she broke it off. Then proceeded to have sex with my best friend. Later I found out she'd been cheating on me a long time. My brother totaled my car, I lost my job, and I was scheduled for surgery.  After my surgery I was told I have two life long diseases. I have degenerative disk disease and spinal stenosis with 2 herniated discs. I'm 21 years old. I've had two surgeries on my spine and things have only gotten worse. Then not even a year later I'm diagnosed with lymphoma. Then, sarcoidosis,an auto immune disease that has taken my life from me. My spleen is 7x normal size and I'm cursed with chronic kidney stones. I've had 3 removed surgically in a year. My back hurts every day, I have no energy no matter how much I sleep. Every day it gets worse and the worst part is mentally. No matter what I do I will be burdened with these for my entire life. I'm a burden on my family. I've lost all my friends. It seems like every day is a mental battle for the will to live. It's worse because my doctors refuse to manage my pain because of my age. "sorry there's nothing that we can do. Best thing is to manage the symptoms. Oh I didn't mean me ill refer you to someone else".  It's a never ending cycle I don't even bother with doctors anymore. I long for the sweet embrace that is death. It couldn't come soon enough. I can't live this way. My life is standing still and the world keeps passing by. It's like I already know I'll take my own life but I don't know when. I don't want to.  But anything has to be better then this. I feel like I'm going insane. Nothing I do is helpful and nothing anyone says does a damn thing. I hate doctors. With every fiber of my being. Oh yeah.  I forgot to mention I'm 300k in debt in medical bills. Probably more. 
So I've been very lonely lately, and I've had episodes before where I just break down, but tonight was different.I went back through some old text messages between me and my cousin (we used to be best friends), and it just brought back all the memories. It seems as though he's become very aggravated when he's in my presence. He's the only person I've got, and I see him about every week, but he doesn't really like seeing me anymore. To make things worse, there's bad stuff that happened between us (prefer not to talk about it) and I don't know if he's become to dislike me because of that or if he's just being a teenager.That's where tonight started off.  I started considering all these things that I've done and thought (that's another thing... I have very very sick and scary thoughts sometimes, but whenever I have them I immediately think oh my god that's awful!)  But nonetheless it got me thinking that I'm a sick person and that started to frighten me, because I started thinking that in the future maybe those thoughts would turn into actions and I don't want to live any longer to find out.I know I can't kill myself, so maybe this isn't the right subreddit, because I know I need to end my life because I'm actually a sick person on the inside, but I can't because that'd be selfish of me to do to my family.There are so many things I could go into, but I don't know if I'd even make any sense, or if I made any sense in what I said above. I just really don't understand why I have these thoughts and why I'm the only one trying in all my relationships. I REALLY don't want to go to a doctor, because I don't want anyone finding out about anything I've done or thought (even a doctor). I don't know if I'm thinking I'm a sick person because I'm lonely and that somehow has something to do with feeling like an awful person, but maybe someone here could understand and tell me.
I hate my life.  I hate everything about it.  I'm a 20 year old Indian male (about to be 21) who's lived in the US since he was 3.  I honestly have nothing going for me in life right now.  I'm not really good at anything even though I've tried hard to be good at something.  I'm ugly as fuck, I've had people tell me I look like a monkey.  I'm 5'4 and I've never seemed to attract women in my life.  I've never had a girlfriend or anything of that nature and I don't think I ever will.  Honestly thought about losing my virginity to a prostitute just to get it over with.  I hate the fact that I don't look Indian even though I have an Indian name and last name.  I went to a private middle school where the vast majority of the student population was an an asian of some kind (South East or South Asian) and even the South Asians did not think I was South Asian just based on my facial structure.  I hate everything about my life and I want to end it.  What's the point of living if your reflection proves to you how much your life is fucking worth (which is nothing).  I hate the fact that I am attracted to women that are hotter than me.  I hate everything about myself.  If I were to kill myself, the only thing I would regret is the lasting impact it would have on my immediate family.  Other than that I would gladly do so.  This life is not worth living when you're ugly as fuck and not good at anything.
i just had another fight with my best friend and sister who has been there for me my whole life, we've both been there for each otheri don't know if it was because she was angry or if it was what she really felt, but she told me she finally realized she'd just been putting up with me all these years, which has been a long standing fear of minei was ignorant and refused to acknowledge my problems and took it to the next step and tried to me out of her life since i'm only holding her back and making her upset but she wouldn't accept it saying i'm just being selfishso i said some horrible things about how i never cared about her in the hopes it would drive her away so i would be out of her life, in the moment i felt it was the perfect way to make her feel like she really didn't need menow i know i fucked up so bad and i can never make this up to her or make things okay again between usshe was the only reason i haven't killed myself all this timewhy should i keep going?
First off, I know I'm a little young, but I figure I might need to go all out with this post. I posted here before but its gotten worse for her. She keeps telling me of ways she plans to suicide. Jumping off a ledge at recess, walking onto the highway, etc. She's even starting writing suicide notes.Her parents are abusive/useless, but they're getting her a therapistHer friends are mostly not going to care, but she hasnt told any of her friendsI'm probably the biggest reason she hasn't suicided, but I'm not good at helpingI'm not good with anything social or anything like that, and I'm afraid that I'll screw this up. She promised she wouldn't suicide until college, but I'm not so sure. I'm afraid I'll lose her, and she's one of the reasons I got out of depression myself.I read some guides, including the one from this subreddit, but I'm too afraid I'll screw up. Asking for help isn't an option since she said she'll kill herself if I do. Plus, my family can't know about this relationship.I often get into conversations with her about her depression. I really dont know if the things I say are helpful or not. After these conversations, I start feeling a little hopeless myself.I love her and I'll do anything to stop her from suiciding, but Idk if I can. She's a most of my world and I couldn't live knowing that she killed herself. 
I've been on edge for a while, and at this point I'm staring at a bottle of sleeping pills and thinking I've been so tired for so long and nothing is getting better. I can count on one hand the people who would miss me and my family isn't on the list. I don't want to look like an attention seeking 'playing the victim' person but I'm honestly at my limit. I don't really know where else to go. And the pills will help me sleep. I just want to sleep.
I have a pretty good life, it's one that I guess most people would love to be in. I live in a safe country, good healthcare etc. etc. My family's a bit distant, but everyone's an adult with their own life. I could probably stand to talk to some of my friends more often but I often can't bring myself to chat with them. I'll linger over an open chat window, type and retype conversation starters and eventually leave it because *what if*... (they don't want to talk to me, they don't really think of me as a friend, they're just glad that they don't have to see me in school anymore, what if I'm *that person* that you dread seeing at every class reunion) and I just don't know how to talk to anyone anymore.And the thing is, my absence doesn't make a difference in anyone's life. When I leave for uni, there's more space for everyone and all my things are used well. Nobody misses me. I stayed alone in my dorm room for a whole week once, couldn't bring myself to get up and go to class, or eat sometimes. Nobody noticed. If I disappeared the world would move on, nothing would change. It's stupid, I know. I feel like this over the slightest things. Our achievements (or lack thereof) in life do not define who we are as a person- I know this intellectually but every time I fail a test, don't get a call back, get brushed off/rejected *I can't shake this feeling that my existence was a mistake that should be corrected*. The people in my life would be better off not knowing me, not having known me.I haven't killed myself yet. I'm a reasonable person- killing myself would cause complete strangers trouble. They'll have to clean up my corpse, which is really messy. The property value of the area where I died would fall. There'll be funeral costs, investigation costs (since in my country suicide is a criminal act). People will be upset because they invested in me and I haven't paid back that investment. Someone in my family is going through a milestone/large event, having a death in the family is going to detract from that. That statistically, my suicidal thoughts are just a cry for help/attention and I don't really want to die. I plan and plan but I'm too chicken of the pain- or that it wouldn't be successful enough and become even more of a burden to my family- to actually commit it.But sometimes I also feel that this can't go on- that I can't keep living like this, a life that should never have happened in the first place. I used to think that an immediate end would be better- plan out my last day and all that. But now I feel like I should put an deadline to it- perhaps an unknown one but one that I'll know is there and it can't be stopped. I wouldn't know when it comes exactly, but that would seem more natural and it'll be less traumatising for everyone; an unfortunate quirk of health or genetics. It's not like I have much of a future, I'll just be correcting a mistake and stop using resources that could go to someone better. It'll take so much stress off- that I wouldn't have to think about the future when I wouldn't live past the next year. I can just focus on making sure that everyone would be fine as I slip quietly out of their lives, push them away gently so they'll forget about me. It hasn't been so difficult; people barely talk to me anymore and I don't go out to meet new people. Just my family left. Once I start on my plan, the effects would be irreversible. I wouldn't be able to back out.
Hey, so I have no friends and have been single my whole life (I'm a 21 year old gay male) and I gave myself a deadline this year of Christmas Eve to be able to find my first relationship. Well there's 20 days to go and no relationship, or even friendships, in sight. Clearly I'm unlovable either because of my body or my personality but either way that doesn't change the fact that if I am single on Christmas Eve I am going to kill myself. Just thought I should tell someone out there.
I'm also a waste of oxygen and of blood just, I'm a waste of everythig
Since my earliest memory, I've just kind of hoped that I would wake up and my whole existence that is present till that moment was just a dream and it was really someone else having my life as a bad dream. I've always wanted to know since then that if I did end up dying, would I just wake up as another person forming their first memories?I've had in the back of my mind for years that it would be perfectly fine to just die that day every so often. I've attempted suicide a few times and have lucked out or something because I'm still here. I don't want to die because it'll be a huge inconvenience on everyone around me but I don't have a desire to stay alive. It's like even when I tried to kill myself, life stopped me to say not today. It's so hard just moving forward sometimes when the idea of becoming rot and nourishment for something more worthwhile seems more appealing. I guess I wanted to tell you all I'm having a rough time right now, but I can't bring myself to trying to kill myself again regardless of how badly I want it. I feel for my friends because I do love the few dearly. I am indifferent about my family because my lola, who raised me, wouldn't really understand for she thinks I'm my mother's sister (she had a severe stroke when I was about 7) my mom would probably cry and my dad would probably drink himself to death.I fear I'll feel the need/want to kill myself for the rest of my life.I don't really know where this was going but if you read this, I won't kill myself tonight. I probably won't ever, but I am just kind of waiting.
I live on a couch in my father's one-bedroom apartment, fucking up his life by taking over his living room.I dropped out of college over a year ago, there's a part of me that wants to finish, but the idea of going back into that life is horrifying to me. It's kind of where my depression got to this point.I'm in love with a girl who lives in another country. We used to be together, now we're not. She no longer feels the same way about me as I do about her. We haven't seen each other in months, and I don't know when or if I'll ever see her again. She's started seeing other people too, which was a real kick to the crotch.My friends all have normal careers and relationships, and seem to have their lives together.I'm overweight, unattractive, and have garbage self-esteem after growing up bullied by my classmates for my weight and different interests. I have no idea how to meet other people, let alone women.Over the last few years, I've developed what is probably a serious drinking problem to help cope. I can't remember the last time I went to bed sober. Shit, I'm drunk as I write this post.I just want out. Nothing matters. I feel like everyone would be better off without me, which feels like such a fucking cliche to say, but it's how I feel. No more pain, you know. I want an easy out, the "Irish Goodbye", if you will.
i feel low. lower than low. how much does it cost to get a doctor to tell you this is normal. how much is medicine to make you feel better. i feel like self harming but not ending it. self harm is way cheaper in any case. here in the philippines its just so hard for people to break out of the traditional tough love and i just cant cope with that. to be honest i dont know why im even writing here. is there a point? all advice to get a therapist to seek help is just impossible in my position. i just dont know anymore. yes im seeking for attention but the attention i get is a 'get over it one' or simply someone ignoring what i do because they feel helpless and dont know what to do. or on parents side just being manipulative "who gave you the right to be miserable im more fucking miserable than you asshole" sometimes getting the "you should have been aborted" phrase but you know, philippines and their pro life choices right? idk why i even wrote this? cry for attention anyone?
I am a bad person. Just like my father, he scares my mother with his temper in which I'm the same way Speaking of them they're probably divorcing and I don't know what to do there I lost my girlfriend because I cheated like a scumbag. Surprisingly for the most part she's forgiven me and we talk like a couple A thing you could call it But I don't know if she'll ever take me back It makes me question my future "You're 15 stop worrying about girls."I hate that I can't put it into good enough words on how important and crucial she is to meYou know how when you power on your tower and your monitor does too?Yeah That's a pretty clever way to put it I think The thought of her being with anyone else makes me feel sick I want nothing more than her not a billion dollars not a my dream to go to NYU not my dream car not my bed not anything I know as long as I have her I'll feel safe she always made me feel safe why did I do it? I don't know That other girl got in my head That's all I can say really I'm in pure complete love and no one will believe me because of my age but She's my sky my stars and my moon This isn't a teenage crush this is the girl I want to grow old with Out of everyone I want her I don't have to know anyone else But I fucked up and I don't know where to go She's my other half The sun to vegetationThe reason to a cause Letters to words I need her other wise nothing makes sense Essentially is my point My life without her is a broken mirror and a broken record A broken soul I don't know if I can do my life without her This shit is everything She is my heart and I want to give her everything I lost my girl and I don't know where to go I'm lost and disgusted with myself 
I can't bring myself to study, I feel motivated, yet can't bring myself to study. I hate what I'm doing. I start crying when someone is angry at me when they don't even scream or use physical abuse. Even my family is loving to me, but I can't feel happy about it. I'm a weak shit. I see no reason to live anymore. I don't want to go out. I just want to stay in my bed and rot. I can still feel joy myself on my own online, but it's just a distraction keeping myself to not cross the line. And I don't feel like it's gonna hold out every time for long. I tried overdosing when my limit was reached multiple times, yet I was still alive in the next morning without anyone knowing again and again, taking the day off saying I'm sick. I'm not sure what to do anymore, if this keeps going I will most likely fail my first year. The stress is crushing me. My tuitions are expensive, I'm a burden to my parents. My sister says I keep making problems.I just had to vent out somewhere. I think my brother realised that I was feeling down and is trying to get me out, but I can't bring myself to tell him.
Whenever I think of the future I only think of me having killed myself or being a dead-beat hobo on the side of the road too scared to ask of anything from anyone. Right now in my life I cant get a job because who knows why, every job I have applied to never calls back or straight up turns me down. Around 5 mins ago I applied to UPS and the website didnt even tell me they would get back to me. It immediately said no. Im not trying to get a job for myself im trying to help my parents, because nearly everytime I walk out of my room I hear my parents talking about what they can do to pay this next gas bill or electric bill. I could care less about getting the new iphone I just want to help my parents but I cant. I cant even get an education because I stop myself, my anxiety has gotten to the point where I have not attended a full day of schooling since around 8th or 9th grade. Im the only one that can improve myself but I cant even do that. Im going to die a worthless individual with nothing to show for himself but this post saying how worthless he is. I cant even speak up about this to my parents because I have a hard time telling anyone how I feel even my therapist when it comes to my depression. I dont know what im going to do or where my life is going except down into a pit of self-pity and constant suicidal thoughts. Ive thought about calling a suicide hotline but im too scared too. I dont want them to bring cops to the house. Im sure im too scared to tell anyone about this because one jackass I knew called called the cops on me while telling me he was "coming over to hang out" and now i dont trust anyone with this. and besides that im too scared to talk to anyone i dont know.
It seems like every week I get closer to actually taking steps to initiate suicide.Some days are better than others, and sometimes I actually have a glimmer of hope for my future. But for every step I take forward, I take 2 steps back.To make a long story short, last year I dropped out of a prestigious university my first semester because of severe depression and social anxiety and failed half my classes. My parents were angry and disappointed. I got a job and started going to a community college to transfer to another university in a nearby city. Presently, I quit my job a couple months ago because I was no longer able to cope. I've lost faith in my education. I had a job interview for a place I really wanted to work at but I fucked it up. My family is so disappointed in me and I am a burden to them. I'm already in debt. My mental and physical health has deteriorated. I destroy all of my friendships because I'm stupid.The only thing that gives me that little piece of hope is the possibility that I can make it through undergrad and apply to medical school and get in.I've decided that if I don't get accepted to medical school then I 100% will kill myself.So 1 of 3 things will happen:1. I kill myself before I complete undergrad.2. I apply to medical school, get denied, and kill myself.3. I apply to medical school, get accepted, and go from there.I am so uncomfortable being here I just want to go...I keep getting closer and closer. My plan is to buy a bunch of over the counter sleeping pills (I'm talking about a shit ton) and take them mixed with alcohol and my boyfriend's pain medications. I'm too fragile to be alive. I used to want to get better, now I don't even see the point.
I've lost all self worth. I'm a lying, lazy, useless piece of shit. I've lied to pretty much everyone I know, including my parents and siblings. I lack any kind of motivation to get anything done, and I'll never accomplish to anything. I've tried a total of eight times to reinvent myself, and failed each time. I have no future. And to top it off the only people I had left, my family, has realized how terrible I am and are pissed at me, they no longer seem to care about me as I no longer seem to care about them. The only thing that was stopping me were my parents, and the grief it would cause them. But now I don't really know what to live for. I've lost all self motivation and discipline, I have friends, but they would't be surprised if I did it, and I have little to no respect from them. So why the fuck not? What in the fuck would happen? My parents don't care, I don't care, no one cares. Fuck I can't believe I am saying this but I really want to kill myself.
Imagine a member of your family commits suicide. Would you want to have new pictures or a portrait of them as a memento (especially if you dont have many others)?        Or do you think being constantly reminded of what youve lost is actually worse than going on with your life and slowly letting the memories fade is the better option?        I know what id want for myself, but im really curious what the majority thinks about what is easier on the relatives.
i've failed at everything. i've said what i needed to say. it doesn't get better. it won't. i'm old. i'm pathetic. i can't get myself to do anything anymore except go to work. i hate it. i just want to not wake up. i don't want to kill myself because, like, the point is pain avoidance. but i keep fucking waking up.
I need someone. I don't care who you are, just please get me through the night. I don't know what's happening, there's too much going on in my head. Please help me, I don't want to die. 
I have nothing. I live in my parents' house. They took my money, I have no money. I have no car, no job. I have no friends. All my friends from college are still in college. They never contact me. They don't really know. I have some friends from rehab, some from Narcotics Anonymous, some from Outpatient. They've either relapsed or don't really talk to me either. I can't leave this house. My parents make me take medication that I don't want. All I can do is starve myself or mutilate myself. Why do I do it? I want a slow suicide. Heroin was a slow suicide. I hated myself and heroin made me hate myself less. 
January 1st. 11:59pm midnight. Im thinking yeah, fuck it. i have been trying to stay strong for the past 27 years. I might either get a gun and shoot myself in the chest or use the knives i have to slash my own wrist. Or maybe jump off the roof. I do have friends who i care about them alot but they are leaving soon. I cant end my life yet because there is one wish that im gonna grant to one of my friends. After that, im gone. I honestly don't know why im even writting this, but im drunk right now so fuck it. Perhaps i wont be able to buy a gun, so my best choice is to buy a mask and jump off the roof top. January First 11:59pm. I know the drill, people tell me that everything would be fine and i should just be patient and stay strong. What am i fighting for? Like seriously, look me in the eye and tell me what am i really fighting for? Loneliness? 
im losing everyone around me and i think i deserve it. i lashed out on one of my good friends and now hes telling everyone to hate me and a lot of people agree with him. im losing my gf too and i have nothing to live for. i want to die but im so scared and i promised my mom id never kill myself. my eyes are almost swollen shut from crying. im an abusive manipulative person and maybe i deserve all this. i see parallels between this and what happened to my abuser. am i her? am i becoming my abuser? im not sure if im going to kill myself probably not, but i feel so much at once i feel sick and scared. help me
My 31st birthday is coming up in 2 weeks and my family is going out of city the next day which presents an excellent opportunity to do it. They wanted me to come too, but I made-up a work related excuse to stay. Its been over a decade I have suffered from depression which I've kept hidden from everyone. Planned a way out years ago but didn't go through with it because of the pain it would cause to my loved ones, especially to my mom.But the depression has gone so worse that I'll have to take this step. I don't even enjoy playing video games anymore which has been my most passionate hobby since childhood.Bought all the equipment needed to go the most painless way. I now feel relieved that I'll finally be saved from this pointless miserable existence.p.s. This is a throwaway account as my real account could be tied to me.
I'm a lonely 19 year old male who has no friends. I have two jobs (Starbucks, and GameStop) but no one at either job really ever wants to hang out with me which makes me think that I'm just unlikable. No one ever seems to like me or wanna be my friend I'm not sure if I've ever had a real friend. I just wanna end it all but don't know how yet...
About 3 weeks ago I attempted suicide, failed, was in the psych unit 2.5 days and returned home to the care of my therapist and psychiatrist. Work doesn't know why I was in the hospital, just that I was and am on fmla. They will know why today bc i had to submit paperwork to HR to cover my leave. I was supposed to go back today but my anxiety has been horrible since I have been out of the hospital and it was even worse this weekend w the anticipation of going back to work. The backstory to this is I already have a history of anxiety and depression which work is aware of bc I've taken leave before, this time it got to the point where I would have rather killed myself than return to work. I work w an adult w autism who's aggressive and it's triggered a lot of anxiety/ptsd crap and whatever. I got injured by him more than once and I was blamed for it and I'm also in the middle of some workers comp case for the injury, had to get a lawyer etc. so that's still in limbo and I'm not sure if work is aware I got a lawyer yet either. So it's all kind of a mess.I guess this is me just venting but I am just terrified and have been a wreck since after my attempt.And yeah I've been looking for a new job and actively engaged in treatment. Just feel overwhelmed. 
I'm just so fucking exhausted. I feel like every day is a battle. How do people wake up, go to work, come home, cook dinner, clean... Day in and day out? Every day that I make it through feels like a victory until I remember there's another 24 hours full of the same shit waiting for me.I'm such a disappointment. My husband, who knows me better than anyone (and at least used to love me more than anyone) is sick of me. He's angry at me all the time. If the person who knows me better than I know myself hates me, what does that say about me? I can't do anything right. I spend my work days scraping through and desperately trying to hide how broken I am (I'm a social worker; I'm supposed to help fix other people). I spend my non work time looking for ways to alter my mental status: with booze, pot, food, gambling, or if all else fails, sleep. I don't do anything useful or meaningful. I can't even muster up the strength to go take pictures, or work out, or hang out with my pets. I just want to lay in bed or if it's a wild night I might lay on the couch. I don't think I'm actively suicidal, but I also wouldn't mind if I had an aneurysm or a car accident or a quick bout with a brain eating amoeba or something. I feel guilty for feeling this way; there are so many people who have died before their time who would've loved to have the shot at life that I do. But I'm so fucking tired. 
I've been struggling with depression for a long time. I've tried to kill myself beginning of this year. But now, I have a date set. New years eve, just as the year ticks into the new. I will bag up all my belongings, leave a note, text my dad to take care of my cat, and talk to that one person before I hang my self. Though admittedly this could mostly be the alcohol talking. But my depression and suicidal thoughts are most definitely real. I won't go into detail as to what could of caused this. And well, for the whole of this year to suddenly to spiral back to where I was after building myself up again. I just find it so difficult to continue. I truly believe that I'm not meant to be happy. Everything that has happened tells me so. But it's just gotten to that point.I don't have anyone. I'm really all alone. So why even continue?
Fuck me man, I'm 21 and life has sucked since I was 15 and my dad died. I dont like my mom very much, I dont really care about my relatives though I have a large family. They are all happy, successful and normal and my mom blames me for my depression. Yeah they'll miss me, their lives will be 'ruined' for a time. but as with all deaths most days people forget you ever existed. Since ive gone to the hospital before for pills im thinking about getting a gun from a pawn shop with my credit card and really doing it this time, no pussy ass hospital bs no holes to slip through. My mom forced me to move away from everyone I loved including my very loving boyfriend who has so much depression/anxiety himself that he doesnt have a job and cant visit me. I plan on telling him I cheated on him so he will just be angry with me and probably never find out I died. He only met my family once and my mom twice in the two years we have dated. I was very suicidal when I first moved down here but I kept going because part of me still believed in myself. I don't now. I've been here too long. I only talk to coworkers, I have literally nobody who I can tell in person, nobody to give me a hug. As my mom likes to remind me i only have 25 college credits to my name. Nobody would know I was gone for a long time. Im starting to feel like this is the only success I'll have achieved in a long time.
I'm using a throwaway that I created years ago.  This story is long, but I want to be able to thoroughly communicate how I got to my current mental state.  If you do make it to the end, I appreciate you for taking the time to do so.This is not the first time I have contemplated ending my life.  Back in the summer of 2012 I checked myself into the hospital by calling 911 and having the police come pick me up and take me before shoving a kitchen knife into my stomach while my parents slept upstairs. I have never felt comfortable asking my parents for anything, but because they have good careers I never had to ask either. My family and girlfriend are the only reason why I'm still alive.  After being admitted into the mental health ward of my hometown hospital I was put into my own room and stayed there for a week while being fed a steady dose of anti-depressants and anti-psychotics.  I knew it was ultimately the best choice for me to admit myself, but I felt ashamed for going because I was known to be the strong willed person in my family.  I'm the only child who excelled in school and sports and had a chance to play basketball in college.  I decided to quit basketball after two months because my anxiety kept me up at night and I could not manage to go through the stress of being a student-athlete during the day. I continued to go to class but commuted from home instead of live on campus.  After the first semester I transferred to the local branch of my state's university with plans to go to main campus the following year.  That time at home I started smoking weed to deal with my anxiety because the medication I was being prescribed was not enough.  I also met a girl who I knew was bad news but could not resist and ended up getting my heart broken on top of everything else.  I actually wrote the poem in my post history a couple months after she left.  Well, the weed and medication combined with the want to leave home drove me to do well in school and I earned the right to transfer to my universities main campus to finish out college.  So many people say that college is the best four years of your life, but only if you are willing to put yourself out there to do so.  My introverted personality made it the worst four years to me, because if I wasn't in class I would be in my room doing homework and smoking weed to cope with feeling alone.  I was too afraid to ever volunteer in class because I didn't want the students to notice me.  Everyday I went it was an anxiety inducing experience that left my shirts stained with sweat and my mind tired from thinking negatively about what people thought of me.  Before the start of my junior year my brother came from home uni in NY (also from depression), and we lived together in an apartment.  That was an utter disaster because his messiness combined with my inability to keep my anger under control led to countless fights and self-esteem crushing name calling.  I remember the night he told me that I should have killed himself and haven't forgot it since he told me two years ago.  I try to tell myself that he only said it because he was hurting too, but maybe he was also right.  That winter of my junior year I tried out for my universities varsity basketball team.  All the coaches were there and it was an exciting experience that I was sure of seizing.  Throughout all the shit that happened in years prior I never gave up my love for the sport and continued to shoot and train because it's the best way for me to truly relive anxiety.  I didn't do bad offensively, but my years of smoking blunts caught up with me when I couldn't run back on defense near the end of the tryout.  They ended up not taking any walk-ons that year and I was devastated.  I still think about it when I watch them on television that if I wouldn't have convinced myself out of working through my problems that one of those guys could be me.  Not playing college basketball is the thing that hurts me the most, not even wanting to die.  Whenever you hear of guys that wasted their talent on dumb shit, well that's me and it sucks!   So, getting past that and onto the story I ended up graduating from my university with a BA in English Literature.  I really just like reading and writing, so it made more sense to me to pursue that major instead of continuing to be a Theatre major like I was for my first year at main campus.  Once again, a choice that I made has ended up screwing me up because it's damn near impossible for me to find meaningful employment after school.  Having a degree in English has not opened up any doors for me.  Many say that the degree itself is invaluable, but I cannot agree with them because I can't do anything with my degree. The only jobs available are ones that require no degree at all, and I feel as if my entire adult life has been a series of mistakes.     I have bills to pay that I do not know what to do about. When I combine my current situation with my pessimistic thoughts about the future all I can think of is dying to make it stop.  Sincere smiles and moments of feeling wanted and loved have left a long time ago.  I just want to die, but I hate feeling selfish in doing so.  Thanks again for reading.
22/F, east coast US. I have been dealing with suicidal thoughts for many years. Eleven or so now. I've pursued help for depression and have been seeing a therapist and psychiatrist for four years. Just underwent a neuropsych eval this week and was diagnosed with bipolar II and ADD. Got accommodations for school and things in general are kind of moving forward. The problem is I've been more suicidal than ever. Like, "writing lists of who gets my stuff and making plans for who will take care of my puppy and my lease and everything"-level suicidal. I've been afraid to mention this to my parents (who are the best and 100% in my corner), my psych team, or my friends because I'm very ashamed and frustrated with myself for having these thoughts and for wanting to die so badly. I know I'm in a low mood cycle and that things will get better or whatever, but I just can't see myself ever being truly happy. I don't see a point in living and feel like a burden on everyone. The thing is that I'm realizing I don't want to kill myself but in this low mood cycle I will probably try at some point. I love my friends and my family and when I got my puppy I promised her I would give her a good life so I have to stay alive to take care of her. Though I know these things, I still am scared I will try to kill myself since I can't get the suicidal thoughts out of my head. I'm considering checking into a mental hospital or something to try to deal with this, but I'm afraid of the repercussions. No one knows how bad things really are for me right now and I don't know how to try and explain it. My neuropsych evaluator said that she was surprised that I had never been hospitalized or made a suicide attempt since most people who find out they have bipolar as late as I did typically have a history of such things. I just gritted my teeth because I see it in my very near future and am not sure how to avoid it. How do I go about this? Should I try to tough it out and ask for more support from my friends and family first? I have appointments this week with my psych team and can probably get my medications adjusted to start treating the bipolar, but that still doesn't really help me in the very short term because adjusting to new meds is a pain in the ass and always fucks me up for a little while. If I go to the hospital, how much time should I expect to spend there if I haven't actually had a suicide attempt? Will anyone care? How should I try to explain this to my parents/treatment team? Would this even be beneficial to me or should I keep up my current treatment methods? Are there repercussions career-wise if I have a hospital stay in my medical history? What sorts of things will they do for me and what should I know before going in? I have decent insurance but I am worried about the costs and rates and things since  my parents pay for my insurance and I don't want to cost them too much money. I don't know who will be able to take care of my puppy or what to do about my job. It's not a very important job, just part time warehouse work, but I like the job and don't want to leave them in the lurch around the holidays or otherwise fuck things up. I guess it doesn't matter much in the grand scheme of things but still. I am so ashamed of myself for not being able to do something as easy as keeping myself alive and I feel so stuck on what to do. Any advice is appreciated. Thank you. 
I could have gone to Cali end of this week but afraid to be homeless but need medical care there... What the fuck is someone supposed to do when they can't leave :( I'm losing it... Afraid I'm gonna attempt again
I don't want to do it, but if I HAVE to do it, I'll muster up the courage up to do it. It's gonna take a lot of balls I know, but yea, if I have to do it, then I will.
I tried to kill myself once before. I was very drunk and tried to hang myself. Everything started to go black and I ripped the cable off my neck out of fear. This time, I'm sober. It's the first sunny day in a while. This time, I'm ready. I have a plan. The love of my life left me. She promised we would be through everything together. I meant it. She didn't. I had an episode. She couldn't take it anymore. She left me when I needed her most. She said she felt like my mom. But she wasn't caring for me at all. She shut me out. All she had to do was give me a hug and say she believes in me. I didn't expect her to solve all my problems. I thought I loved her, but if I loved her I would want her to be happy. But I want her to suffer. I don't want her to ever find love again. I'm waiting for her to get off work. I'm going to call her. I'm going to tell her I'm about to kill myself. I'm going to let her know that she is a liar. I'm going to let her know she is a whore. I want her to live with guilt forever. Best case scenario, she kills herself too. Once I've said what I want to say, I'll drive my car straight into the huge tree in front of what is now just her house (she kicked me out). That's why I'm waiting for her to get home. I want her to hear the crash. I want her to run outside and for the first time, really understand what she meant to me. I'm going through the process of deleting old accounts, files, passwords etc. I just want to talk to my uncle. He would help me through this. But he's gone. He died of a heroin overdose 4 years ago. I still haven't moved on. My mom can't help me. My dad can't. My grandma can't. My friends can't. But I know he would say something to me that would change everything. He always did. He said "if you ever feel like hurting yourself, I want you to call me immediatly". I promised him I would. Well now what?I want to be happy. I wish it didn't come to this. But I can't go to the hospital again. My parents are 2 grand in debt from the first time. And I'll be stuck there. I have two jobs I'm supposed to start this week. Things were starting to move forwards. I thought I would be okay. But the thought of her moving on is killing me. I didn't mean as much to her and she meant to me. 
I am an English major. English has always been my thing. I love writing. I want to become a professor. I'm always helping my friends and family with papers. I identify myself by my ability to perform at school.And I accidentally plagiarized a paper.I had no idea that I screwed it up so badly. I didn't know that the source I had pulled from was more than paraphrasing general knowledge. My professor called me into the office and was really merciful. The essay was dropped but I did not have to appear before a court of students or deal with the dean or anything else. I cried a lot in the office and went home. It's over and done with. I can still pass the class and be ok.There is no reason I should be feeling the way I'm feeling right now and I'm frustrated that I want to self harm. I've been thinking about suicide since it happened. I keep thinking about what had happened if I got kicked out of university. Then I would have just ended it and not posted here. I would not be able to live with that reality.But I feel the need to punish myself for this. I hate myself and I want to die. I am so angry. I keep thinking about how death is the only way out and I've never felt like such a failure in my entire life. I've dealt with a lot worse things than this and I don't know why I feel the need to kill myself over it. But it's here and it's really strong. I can't talk to anyone about this because I feel so humiliated, but I can't deal with this feeling alone. Update: I'm still feeling horrible but I'm here. Thank you for talking with me. 
Hey. I've been struggling with high functioning depression and anxiety for almost two years. I don't know how it started but I'm guessing it's my parents. They constantly fight and my dad has extreme OCD and ADD. He refuses to go to a doctor or get any medication... And takes it out everyone else in the house.I know they love each other but sometimes I just can't. My dad constantly tells me how much of a disappointment I am and how I do nothing right. My mom is better, but the same. I feel if I told them about what I'm going through, they wouldn't believe me because I'm not traditionally depressed. They would probably tell me other people have it worse and I need to suck it up.As with many people, some days are better than others. Days I'm out with friends or doing stuff I enjoy are better, but as soon as I'm home or the smallest thing happens I just want to curl up in a ball. And the things I enjoy (painting, horseback riding, gaming, and sound engineering) my parents disapprove of or make fun of me about. My favorite thing is my job. I work/intern as an audio engineer doing church services, high school graduations, etcetera. I feel like my boss cares about me more than my family.My parents are Christian but I'm a deist. I can't tell them. Things would be different and I can't lose my best friends. I feel out of place at church, and even talking to my youth pastor he was not nice to me about my lack of faith. I have the best friends ever who know nothing of this. My family acts so perfect and seems so perfect from the outside.The only reason I havn't ended it all is I don't want to put my family and friends through it. I just can't take it anymore. I'm only a freshman and I have no hope for the future. Maybe it's time to think about myself and be done. Sorry for the rant.tl;dr: I'm a high functioning depressive who can't deal.
I hate how hard i worked this semester and still got so so b gradesI hate how i had to drop physics even though i studiedI hate how i have the hardest engineering courses ahead of meI hate my majorI hate my naturally smart brother who my mom loves but he's a bitch to me behind their backI hate how i have thin hair dull dark skinMostly due to my carelessnes not due to geneticsBut i hate how i have to work twice as hard to have pretty skin and hairI mean im told to be pretty big eyes small nose and all but my family writes me off ss ugly due to my darkened complexion eveb though my real skin color is same to theirs and my horrible fashion sense
i've had suicidal ideation since I was 8.  periodically, i find myself looking back and regretting not following through.  now is one of those times, at 36.my life is good.  i have a good job, in a career that i am bored of, quite frankly, but will always be profitable (programmer).  and i earn good money: i'm at 120k, up from 40k when i started, 10 years ago.i'm also single and getting in good shape.  down from 400lb to 230lb, and look more built than pudgy, tho i'm honestly still pudgy.  i couldn't see inflicting the let-down on anyone else.  my apartment is suitable and close to the beach.  i live in los angeles.  objectively, i'm at a good jump point for where ever i want to go and whatever i want to do.  i haven't been able to pursue relationships because of body image and high standards.  i won't be with someone i'm not physically attracted to, and 80% of those that i meet have obvious compatibility issues.i'm unfortunately red pill indoctrinated, which is a mixed blessing if you can get past the misogyny inherently at risk in the demographic.i simply don't know how to enjoy any of this.  i'm too angry.  everything has been a fight.  i've had to fight to lose weight.  i've had to fight to build my career.  i'm just tired and i don't want to work at this any more.  the show hasn't been even mildly good to begin with.  why allow this world to drag me through the rest of it?my mind is often infantile in it's hostility and feels so disconnected from who i actually consider myself to be.  i hear voices i can't control and can only ignore with great effort.  they run the gamut, and cover all areas of human interaction, feed my hopes or fears, but are not me and not about me.  there are times when i get such anxiety i feel like i'm having a heart attack and all i can think is "i hope this one takes me out."when i try to pursue my dreams, i find i cannot concentrate nor follow through.  it's always "too hard".  i use to consider myself intelligent.  now i feel like my intelligence is little more than a mist that i only periodically feel as i'm walking through it.  disconnected.  difficult to direct.  i suppose this has gotten better since the sleep apnea has been reduced.i don't want relationships, i don't think.  i don't want to love and have it ripped from me.  i don't have faith that it'll ever be less than a nightmare of fights, or worse a betrayal of love.  i don't have faith that i won't end up yelling and face my own recriminations later.  i don't have any reason for faith.  ever relationship i've ever seen looks like a nightmare to me.  i don't see why anyone tries.i don't want to get better.i just want this over.it's just been a nightmare of social and personal inadequacy and i'm exhausted from trying to improve.
30 bars of Xanax, a fifth of Wild Turkey, and it still wasn't enough to do it. I woke up to some guy in scrubs telling me "You're one unkillable mother fucker." And the only thing I can think of now is why was I so fucking stupid.I spent two years with a woman who I honestly thought I would end up spending the rest of my life with. You know that feeling you get when you're with someone, and things feel just SO right, like you two are the same exact people put on this earth for the sole reason to be together. And you were there for her, when she hit rock bottom, diagnosed with autoimmune disorder and couldn't even make it out of bed to get to class, you did everything you could to make sure she would get back on her feet to be the person you know she could be. And she did. She got help, and I was there with her every step of the way. But she promised she would do the exact same if the same thing ever happened to me, and that is the part the kills me the most.Anxiety and depression have taken over my life. Yeah, I tried to hide it from her a little bit, because I thought it was something that I could conquer myself. But i couldn't, i NEEDED her. So when I finally open up to the one person who I thought would kill for me, she tells me she is leaving me for another, that should couldn't be with someone who let their insecurities govern their day to day life. She made me feel worthless, to the point where I didn't want to feel anything anymore.I decided I was going to do it. I hit up some drug dealers and drank all the alcohol I could get my hands on.But I'm not here to tell you what to do, I'm here to tell you what NOT to do. It is not worth taking your life, and I am telling you, even if it doesn't feel like it now, there are people here who want to help you. You don't want to have to wake up and explain to your mother that their baby boy had given up completely. You don't want to have to live with the regret of knowing that you will never be able to look at your roommates again because they found you unresponsive in a pool of your own vomit. You are better than you think you are and you have no idea how strong you are for continuing to fight another day. Please believe in yourself and reach out for help, there are tons of people out there that you don't even know who care about you and are rooting for you.
I have been depressed for as long as I can remember. Even when I was a young kid, I was sure I would die at a young age. I am almost 25, and I feel like everything is finally coming to a head.I don't have any family support. My job is slowly letting me go by not scheduling me anymore. My landlord is selling the house I live in. My boyfriend just broke up with me because he can't handle my depression.I don't have any motivation to make things better. I don't have any hobbies or passions. I hate school, but I don't want to end up a bum. I just feel like dying is the best possible solution.Above all I just feel so incredibly alone in this world and I wish somebody would just give me a big hug and let me know that everything will be okay. But then those people always end up leaving.... So I don't know.I have a plan, and I am going back and forth between giving it some more time or just pulling the trigger (so to speak) tonight. So, internet strangers, please throw some words my way, because I really need you right now.
So I'm in high school (grade 13) and I suffer from clinical depression. I've had times where I would say something along the lines of "I'd rather just die than live another day" and my CYW would say "do you know how selfish that is?" and "all you're doing is telling your parents 'Up your's mom and dad'". Tell me, if someone is thinking of suicide, is that the way to handle the situation? I don't think so. Instead of asking me what's going on or giving me advice, she acts like tough shit and tries to "be real" and "give me the harsh truths". I still don't know why I go to her today for advice? She clearly doesn't give a shit about how I feel, all she cares about is "me being successful in life" even if that means if it's at the expense of my happiness and instead I would just go into an anxiety attack and quit on the task that I'm doing. I clearly have no hope in life... I can't get a date, I'm too stupid for school (I don't plan on finishing high school or going to college), I don't have a job (I gave up my job to take an extra year of school). I'm too much of a pussy to kill myself... I'd rather just die in my sleep!FUCK MY LIFE!!!
Well this is it. The straw finally broke the camels back. I had a glimmer of hope, something that could help. Crushed. Destroyed. I knew it was a long shot but it was all I had. Now it's gone. Gone.Since I have no damn skills for anything and can't do college I wanted to join the army. Can't because of mental illness. And you know they were probably right. But now that that last tiny fragment of hope has been stepped on, I think it's about time I quit. I've fought long and hard and clearly it's only downhill for here.I have no skills. Sure, I could be a writer or an actor. But you know how much money that makes? Enough to afford a nice cardboard box on the street if I get lucky. Oh! Or I could work some dead end job I hate for the rest of my life and be miserable forever! Perfect!I just can't take it anymore. I tried college. I tried so. fucking. hard. But I can't pass. I study and study and study and fucking BAM D fucking +! I tried tutors, I've tried flashcards! I'm apparently just too fucking dumb to learn. Which is saying a lot since my brother, who has short term memory loss, is getting As and Bs while working a job!I can't do this anymore. I can't. I can't. I can't take another damn day of this life. Everyone always says "don't worry it gets better." WHEN!? I've been waiting for nearly 17 years for my lot in life to get better! And not through lack of trying. I go to therapy and push myself to the limit. I go to school and study till my brain hurts! WHEN DOES THIS GET BETTER!? Or am I just doomed to be forever miserable, my past acting like an ball and chain tied to my leg and my dumb brain preventing me for ever passing the simplest test!?I've heard it all before. Don't say that, you're not dumb, there are plenty of job options.  For two damn months I've been searching. And lucky me, lucky me. I can be a garbage collector or I can be a cashier oh or maybe even a gas station attendant! Almost every job I want to do won't allow mental illness. All the other jobs that are semi appealing either require math (which I can't do to save my life) or just pay dickall. I want to die. I can't take another second. I don't want to know what the rest of my future holds. This is the good times. Because once my parents kick me out, I'm done. I fucking screwed. So I might as well end it on my own terms. 
For example, you have made several attempts, or you think about it daily, or you're basically bound and determined to kill yourself. Are you detained forever?
My mind has been suggesting and projecting self harm thoughts. I can't get help. I've burdened every family member I can seek help from. I feel guilty. I am disgusted of myself. Help me.
I'm not new to depression. God knows that. I'm new to talking about it. I was diagnosed 4 years ago. I am 24 now. Before then, I had no idea what the hell was going on. I was angry. All the time. And I lashed out at loved ones and friends. I didn't know being angry, could really mean that I was sad. Since the it has gotten better and worse. The better is that I can usually figure out what is going on and find a way around it. Surround myself with friends and watch only funny TV/movies. It's the worse that scares me.Two years ago I tried to kill myself. I picked a loaded gun up and as I was pulling it to my head, I pulled the trigger. Maybe part of me wanted to live because I singed my, at the time, longer hair and burned my scalp. I missed at point blank range and I can't figure out why. It would have been over. I could have felt at ease but the action was so violent that it scared the hell out of me. So I'm to chicken to do it again.My life isn't bad. I'm not abused or friendless. I have a house and a good job. But since that day, the moment something goes south, I think about driving into on coming traffic. But I don't want to hurt anyone. Mentally or physically. My family (mother and father, I'm unmarried) would be devastated. And they would blame themselves. I should be thrilled to have people that love me but I get stuck in my head when I am alone and feel useless.I don't have talent, I'm average at best in the looks department, my brain can get great awards in a tv and movie trivia game but that's it. I don't think about the good things. Ever. Only the bad. I want to die but I can't kill myself. I'm not alone in that. My girlfriend and I had one fight. I tried to be the good SO and agree and apologize. Now she's still upset. She responds to my texts but they are snappy. And she hasn't called me love or baby or told me that she misses me once since the argument. I'm not blind. She's tired of dealing with the emotional wreck that is me and I don't blame her. I annoy myself by how sad I get. But if she leaves, how will I cope? Maybe she just need time to settle her mind but what if it's done? People would say things like, "There are plenty of fish in the see!" And, "Time heals all wounds!" But it doesn't fix everything. This will scar me. And I care about her enough that she has no idea I think like this. I can't kill myself because I don't want to hurt her, but I want to die. I need help but I can't afford it. I have few friends and they don't have depression so they don't get it. I've tried talking to them and they just say, "Man up!" Which is tough love and I don't blame them. It works on most people. I just get more sad.In conclusion, I thought writing this might make me feel better and it's certainly given me an emotional outlet. I just want to know if it helped anyone to hear this. To hear that they aren't alone because the other posts on this SUB have certainly helped me at times. I'll keep you updated. I hope everything goes okay... 
I am living on borrowed time. My fiancee is about to leave me beccause she found my porn collection after I swore I wouldn't have anymore. That was 2 years ago. Now its not about the porn, its about that I lied to her for 2 years... now she feels she can never trust me again... that if I could lie about that then I can lie about anything... I'm a monster... monsters deserve to be slain. How cuold I say I love her for 2 years and then lie to her? It's the only lie I have kept from her and it is destroying her and it will take me to hell. SHe doesnt even believe me when I say I love her now. I feel my demon coming for me. He is calling for me. I don't know how much longer I can resist his call.
I want to apologize in advance, this is going to be a very long post likely, I just want to get a lot off my chest in hopes it will help.As of lately, ever since I went off to college everything has felt empty. I started off well in classes but as time went on I lost interest in everything. I started feeling lonely with no desires. In the beginning stages I used Reddit and video games to drown out the silence, and it worked for a while. Grades started slipping pretty badly and then I began losing interest in the few things that kept occupied.I cant find a job and I struggle with connecting to people so I haven't made any friends other than my roommate who moved here with me. Back home I had one girl who I really connected with on every level, and this is where my situation gets very tricky. The girl was recently married with her husband deployed over seas with about 6 months left when I met her. Before I went to college everything was strictly on a friends only basis, there was no desire from me to go any further than that ever. We still talked daily even after I left, and then she finally told me that she had feelings for me for a long time.I was taken back, I didn't know how to react. Long story short it branched off into full blown cheating, but I was ok with it at first, she was the only person I had and I didn't want to lose her. Then my feelings for her went further than just sexually. She had already visited once, we skyped all the time, and we started talking pretty serious stuff. (Theres a lot of details that made me believe she would leave her husband that I wont include). But it is off and on, one day she will be for it and the next she will act like everything is fine between them. So now I find myself in this weird loop of almost desensitized to it at some points, and others I become an absolute wreck about it.I know a lot of people will recommend finding a way to cut her off but I cant. She is like the only thing I'm grasping onto at this point. There has already been times where I feel like I really could do it, but what my family might think is the only thing holding me back.
On paper my life is fantastic. I have a good job, friends that care for me, and experiences that many would love to have. I'm not happy though; I haven't been happy for a long time now. I've lived my life thinking things would always get better; that life will work out eventually. It's been 24 years and while things have gotten better I feel like this might be the best it gets. I've spent this entire year just trying new things and hoping for dear god that something will make me feel like life has some worth.I'm so tired now and currently in a tumble down towards drugs and periodic over-drinking. I don't want to see myself fall into this so maybe it's best to just end it now. I don't know. Life feels incredibly lonely though.
We moved to a new city, i lost my job. I lost her. Shes moving back home with her parents. Shes my everything, shes taking my cats. I love her and cant do all of this alone.Whats the point anymore??I pushed away all my friends and family for her. I have no one.Sometimes i feel like im just not meant to be.
I'm 21, been dealing with depression ever since I was 12. Tell me whatever you want, but I know it will never get drastically better. I just know I'll carry this feeling till the rest of my life, some people have a reason to continue but I don't.I grew up in abusive family, father was a control freak and mother never gave shit about anything. I'm a rational being, I analyze everything and therefore I know past is irrelevant. Still, it marks you. I was the funniest, most popular kid before. Now I never make jokes, I usually just keep my mouth shut. Reminiscence of better times, times when there was still some hope. Day by day, running in circles.I have friends, very good friends. Though I would never tell them I'm depressed, I don't want to be even weirder than I already am. I never have girlfriends simply because I don't believe other human could make me have fun, make me happy. And I'm poor as fuck, pasta makes 50% of my meals. I'm diagnosed with ADHD and just failed a year on college. I tried so hard and got fucked over on 2 final exams by just a few points, just my luck. I'd still like to be a professor once I'm done with college, but that wouldn't change much. I'm just too little in this big world, insignificant. College is hard, stressful and only makes me feel like shit.Laziness. I don't want to go outside, outside has people. I don't feel like doing anything really, I don't have any interests anymore. You know why I know things will never get better? Because reality is an illusion. Your reality and my reality are very different, we see things in a very different way. Reality is a fingerprint, unique for everyone. Reality constantly changes, but it rarely goes out of it's box. You have a box, heart shaped box. I will always be a misanthrope, I'll always feel disgusted with society and I'll never get even with it. Racio, intelligence is a curse. Reasons to live? Well, my friends would be all fucked up. But then again, fuck you all, that's life. Life is pain, deal with it or fuckin kill yourself. I'd be just another obstacle in your pursuit of happiness, jump over me. I hope I'd find my happiness in a coffin. Hell, I'd be satisfied with nothingness. I imagine someone like me reading this and I'd want to tell him not to commit suicide, weird huh? Maybe there's hope for us, but if I could change I hope I never know. I can't live like this any longer and I'd gladly sacrifice a few years of happiness in exchange for a shortcut. Last wish...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6l6vqPUM_FE
As always I know if I'm posting there I guess part of me doesn't want o go through with it, part of me just want someone to talk to, to talk me out of it. Or I would be swallowing all these pills instead of taking the time to write thisI fucked up bad and really cut my arm badly yesterday, I'm too scared to go get stitches and I can't close it myself. I really fucked up and its all my faultI feel like shit all the time. I've wanted to die for 8 years now, so why the hell am I still alive? Why haven't I just gone through with it already? I hate myself so much and I ruin everything I touch. There is no hope for meEven the mental health team abandoned me a few months ago, so I have no professional support. I feel so totally alone all the time. Even when with people. I feel so fucking far away from my body and reality. There are voices always talking inside my head and they are so fucking angry with me and they just want to go through with it already. To stop delaying and just die already. I'm so fucking terrified of living and of dying. I don't know what I'm supposed to do. No one will help me. No one knows what's happening and I'm so afraid. Can someone talk to me during what might be my final moments?Even though it I take the pills I guess it will be a long slow painful death so maybe my final few days even 
(Don't know if below I'm breaking the rule, "Please don't be explicit about methods".)This is more a record of events, than asking for help. I went to run into a car tonight while walking home. I stopped myself because I immediately realised I wouldn't make it in time, then I thought about the driver and how it would affect him/her.I've been having these suicidal moments once or twice a week. Up until tonight the urge has only lasted a few seconds. Even though I stopped myself, I still felt like running into another car that was passing. I doubt I'll do anything now, though.When I got home and went to urinate my flaccid penis was about half its normal size. It returned to its normal state after a few minutes, but I'm a little worried (yeh). That's that.
**Boring backstory/Suicidal Thoughts**Earlier this year I went on vacation out of the country for a family event. My, at the time, girlfriend of 2 years and I were living together even though we had separate houses, however she could not come with me due to just starting a new career. While I was out of the country we spoke every day at least 2x a day. Everything was great. I felt a deeper love for her than anything I've ever felt in my entire life. During our vacation I told my mother I was planning on proposing to her when we returned. I purchased several rings with the help of my sister and plans were formed.I returned home where my girlfriend met me at the airport and everything was wonderful. We got back to her house where we spent most of our time and a lot of my things were in a basket in the room. When I asked about this she told me it was just because the cleaner was there and she needed to straighten things up. The next day we spent the entire day together. During the day she starts talking about needing some space because she wanted more free time, etc... This shot up big red flags to me. It just wasn't her. She had her computer synced to her laptop. I went through her messages and found she had been hanging out with two different guys while I was gone. My heart sank. I confronted her and in a less than spectacular fashion we ended things. I felt like less than nothing. I wanted to kill myself.**Here's where things get juicy**A month or so passed and we started talking. Mostly it was to exchange items that we'd find at our houses over time. There was one thing that always made her very emotional to talk about. She owed me over a thousand dollars.  She had always been pretty terrible with money. Her credit card debt was growing, her rent was more than she could afford, and she had no plan to pay any of it back. Thus, I had been helping her with her rent and things while I was living there. One day we met up to exchange a few items and I suggest that we should get some food. I was lonely and constantly had suicidal thoughts. Why not add some more yearning for my Ex-Girlfriend into the mix? The subject of the money she owed me was brought up and I suggested she could pay if off by having sex with me. Surprisingly, she accepted.One of the guys she had cheated on me with had become a close "friend" of hers. I asked her about this before any of this began. I didn't want him to go through what I had just gone through. She insisted he was just a friend and they were not dating. In fact, she told me about another guy she slept with while on a business trip who was much older. (We are both in our 20's and he was 51) I can't lie, it was pretty hot to hear that. We slept together a several times and I gave her a little money here and there. We had a clear relationship based on sex and money. We had talked about how it would never go any further and this was fine with me because I just wanted the closeness. Another benefit, due to her being terrible with money, is that I was getting a great deal! It was cheap and I wasn't feeling like killing myself. Everything was great, until her friend found out. It turns out that he was more than a friend. While we were having our arrangement she had started a relationship with him. This just happened yesterday. She tells me that she doesn't want to talk to me again, never to call her, and that she doesn't want me. Honestly, I don't feel bad about any of it. Well, maybe that I'm out of a bit of money. She's made her choices and now they can figure it out. I hope that he finds out about her sleeping with the older guy too. I've never met the new guy, but I'm sure he doesn't deserve to feel shitty because of her actions.I've met a few girls following our break up and during the arrangement. I haven't found the feeling of comfort from any of them. I'm afraid of the future. I just want to feel close to someone enough to trust them. Sorry for the long story.
I think I might kill myself today. Reasons to live evaporating.....reasons to die always comming by. I dont feel like I can say anything else, or rather anything I'll say will be misinterpreted or ignored.Maybe my person in this generation was something new, but poorly adapted....maybe my who life with narcissists was to to help set the tone of my life being a tool for other peoples purposes. I dont feel well anymore....especially as of late.....misery is starting to be the only feeling I can recall. I
I'm useless. I won't ever be able to do anything useful. I hate living. Everything I do is shit. I hate myself.
im tired of cutting over and over again.im tired of feeling so lost and lonely without her.im tired of feeling guilty over my life being better than ever and yet this shitty feeling not going awayim tired of the bleeding of the painim tired of the painful memories of my lifeim tired of having fell in loveim tired of my illnessesim tired of therapyim tired of musicim tired and im going to sleep forever
I haven't fully committed. I have a lot going on in my life (you can see my other posts if you feel like) But instead of being impulsive like I was in the past I want to make sure everything is squared away. I don't know if I may lose the apartment I am in now, I don't know if the housing I applied for will have space for everything I own and If I end up having to move to my mother's she certainly doesn't have the space for all my belongings and I'd have to put things in storage. Either way, I have to get things in order. I already started last night by shredding tons of old paperwork. Next is to give away clothes, shoes, books and other items I don't use anymore. I'm trying to save money to cover costs for a cremation, I don't want a funeral or to be buried. The least expensive option. If I go, I want to reduce the impact as much as possible since I know it's going to be devastating to them.  As of right now I think about suicide daily and have spoken to my therapist and psychiatrist about it. Other than a medication increase there is nothing anyone can do. I feel like I have terminal cancer. I wish I did actually it would make everything so much easier.
It's always the same. The feeling always comes back. Couldn't handle anti depressants due to the intrusive thoughts.Work is awful and i feel like I'm going to get fired because I'm generally not good at what i do and I'm in a very tangible line of work. Poor quality work shows.I feel like i can't talk to my gf despite us living together for 3 years. It's like we just think too different, or maybe she just doesn't get me. I feel only one person ever did really but she was horrible to me. I feel a physical pressure. Like I'm weighted down. I'm even moving slower. It all seems so never ending. I don't know when i was last happy with my life. I don't want to be  miserable forever but i don't see anything getting better. I don't really have anything else. I don't feel like i can connect with people. It just never ends.
I plan to wait like 20 minutes and then call. I'll be taking diphenhydramine, over 1250 mg. 
Like, mentally. Forgive me, I've never posted anything like this before, so it may be more rambling than anything. I've suffered from depression since highschool (senior in college now) but that, I've kept a pretty good handle on. As in, most of the time I can push past it and not let it control me. But for years, I had thought about, and recently considered ending it. Now, I think this is the part where I'm supposed to tell you all the hardships I've been through and how rough my life has been. But that's the thing, it hasn't been. That is, it hasn't been any more difficult than anyone elses. I grew up with a family that loved me, had everything I needed. I have a close group of friends, a job I genuinely love and high in my career field. A girlfriend that loves me unconditionally. Hell, at times I'm kinda conceded. So I want to know. Can someone please tell me, why. As fucking fantastic as my life is would I want to end it. It's always been something in the back of my mind. I've always brushed it off as having a bad day, or being weak. But lately, the impulse has been stronger. I find myself just going through a normal day, and for seemingly no reason I think "what if I just went home and did it today?" And it's frustrating, wanting to end my life for no apparent reason? Its so stupid and I hate myself for it. For being so selfish, so stupid. But I can't help it. I realize this probably means there's something mentally wrong with me. But I don't even know who to see about it. Therapists are expensive, I'm living off a college budget. The thing that scares me most is, I think the only reason I haven't done anything yet is because my mom. She is the one person in the world I can say I truly care about. Remeber that girlfriend from earlier? On paper we are perfect for each other but I find it hard to care about anyone, another frustrating point. But, I think about how much it would hurt my mom and that pretty much keeps me from doing anything rash. But when she passes, I'm trily afraid I won't have anything else left to keep me grounded. I'm not sure if any of this even makes sense. Ive never really told anyone any of this. And here I am, putting pretty much everything out to a bunch of strangers. So, again, forgive for the lack of organization. But, thats also how my mind works. So, I'm not really sure why I decided to post here. It's been really rough lately, and I guess it did help a little to get this off my chest. I know I'm not alone, but I can't talk to anyone about this. It would be devastating if my family knew and I feel like none of my friends would understand. Did I mention I have a hard time connecting with people? Anyway, I guess that's my story. I just don't know what to do. 
Why the fuck not? Why shouldn't I kill myself???Life is all about  just making/ chasing enjoyable distractions for ourselves until our inevitable death. Its just so empty. Academics. Socializing. Jobs. Money. All of them feel so meaningless. How does any of this get better? I've been through years of meds and therapy to no avail. My resolution is the same. In fact, its only worsened.Why the fuck should i continue without anything to live for...
I've wanted to kill my self for longer than I've wanted to live. Was successful when I was 13 and brought back by my abusive parents so they could tell me I'm a piece of shit. Moved to college, had to drop out because no money and sick. No health insurance, constantly in pain, too many problems to list. Living with emotionally abusive boyfriend and his family where I am being held hostage and not allowed to leave the house. Sit at home all day with no friends in constant pain and just wishing for death. I'm too much of a coward to even do that though, so I just sit like a numb piece of shit. Maybe I'll just stop eating or talking until I finally vanish. Everything hurts and no one really cares. 
I don't want to go on living anymore. I'm sick of all the emotional pain I'm going through, I'm tired of being lonely, and I'm tired of being depressed all the time. I have pushed away the only person I wanted to always keep in my life. Calling it "pushed away" is a huge understatement. I've become toxic af. My suicidal tendencies have cost me my license. I live in an abusive home and can't afford to move out. Yesterday morning I sat in front of a mirror with a knife and was going to end it, but I ended up just breaking down crying. I want to die. The only things keeping me around is the thought of how it would effect those that know me and that I don't want to descend into the nothingness that is death. I want to get better, but being labeled with a mental illness is so stigmatized. I feel like the consequences of getting help aren't worth it. I've done my research.I just want my friend back T.T I want to be told everything will be okay. I want someone to hold me while I cry. I don't want to be so lonely anymore. I want to get out of this hell that is my life. I've struggled for so long...I think I'll end my life tonight. I don't want to go on living anymore. I want my suffering to end. I can't take it anymore...
You will definetely think I am a fucking idiot for overreacting like this, and I most certainly think so too. I know a shorter post tends to get read more often than a long post so I'll try to keep it short, but it will most likely end up being a wall of text as always.I'm a failure, a lazy good for nothing that has never been in a serious relationship. Tomorrow I have a huge math test, If I fail, I fail the entire grade. I am 100% certain I will fail.If I fail the grade, I will kill myself. This is a fact.I don't want to go any other program than this one, I want to be a programmer so I'm studying engineering. The math is excruciable and the teacher is so hard to listen to and understand, and the book is so blurry and I don't understand anything.I'm not even sure what happens, I went through the entirety of 1-9th grade without doing jack shit, I didn't even have to study for any test and I still got C/B on almost everything. Now I show up here, expecting it to be just a tiny bit harder, but it's fucking soul-crushing, I can handle everything else easily, but the math is fucking killing me, literally.I'm not afraid to kill myself, honestly, I have come to terms with the fact that I will never be satisfied by life. Literally the only problem is my family, I have a sweet younger brother who's only 11 and he has both ADHD, mild autism and some kind of other thing similar to tourettes, except he doesn't randomly blurt out insult, he just says them to people without any real reason. I also have an older sister, who's studying abroad to become a clothes designer, an older brother who gets money from the government since he's unfit to work (Aspergers and some other stuff), A loving mother who emigrated here from Romania and a caring father who was born here, but most likely has some sort of ADHD aswell, though unconfirmed.I do not have good contact with my family at all. All I do is sit at the computer everyday, for hours, only going up to eat lunch/dinner and maybe grab a bottle of water sometimes. I barely speak to my mother more than necessary, which I know saddens her, but I just can't speak to her, or anyone else except really close friends. I never speak to my father either, who scolds me for being so lazy and unmotivated, but I know he cares. I have no contact with my older siblings at all, except for when they come to visit, which is not often, I can speak to my older brother though, since we both share a common interest (Games and computers). I do speak to my little brother sometimes, but he's mostly annoyed by my presence and calls me names due to the disorder he has, I know he cares also, but he never shows it.I probably told you more than I should've, but the biggest problem is I owe them so much. My mother always just wanted a normal happy family who enjoyed going on vacations and stuff, but she got me who hates being outside because of body image issues, I also generally dislike other people (Normies, if understand the term). My father always wanted an honest, hardworking, headstrong son, but he got me, spending every waking moment in my room with the damn computer and doing nothing. As I said before too, my mother is so sad that I don't speak to her, I don't speak to her siblings either, because I don't like them or my cousins. I don't want to break them. I don't want their lives to be destroyed by my suicide, I've already given them so little and now I'm taking that, and even more, away from them.I wish I could cry, I am really trying, if I could, I would. I'm absolutely distressed, I have no idea what to do. I really really really want to kill myself so I don't have to put up with this fucking shit anymore, all the social pressure, all the expectations, school being a fucking asshole. But I know that it'd ruin my family even more. Hell, my mother or father might even commit suicide too, and my younger brother will grow up knowing one of his older brothers fucking blew their brains out in the middle of a test.FUCK, please help me. I want to cry so hard, and I can't. This is the most serious I've ever been about suicide. I know I am going to do it.This probably ended up as a wall of text anyways, but I honestly don't care, which I apologize for. I will not reply since I have to go to bed, it's 23:18 where I am, and I have a bad habit of staying up to like 03:00 in the morning. Please help me, I'll read all your replies tomorrow if I even get any.Dropping out is not an options, choosing another program is not an option, I could've hanged in there if the math wouldn't have fucked me over, but it was the last drop in a very full cup.
Hello,I feel extremely selfish for writing this, as there are other people whose situation is much worse than mine and I'm sorry for that. I don't really know how to paraphrase my situation without missing anything, so I'll just start from scratch, sorry for that as well.I'm a 17 year-old male German student (only child) who is about to pass his *Abitur* (roughly equivalent to A-Levels in UK) in spring of the next year. I'm the youngest member of my family, followed by my 25 y/o cousin (f), 26 y/o cousin (f) and 34 y/o cousin (m). Both of my female cousins share the same parents, but I've only really had contact to my 25 and 34 y/o cousins in the last couple of years. The only times in the last 15 years (excluding this year) I've met my third cousin was on christmas 2007 (which I can't remember anymore) and on a family celebration in 2014 where the only thing we say to eachother was "Hello" and "Goodbye".My parents divorced in January 2012. For the first few weeks they tried to keep a "normal" mood between them, but that ended up in them not talking to eachother and me being some sort of "messenger" between them for more than two years. During that time I started mistrusting anyone and keeping my feelings for myself (and even declined most of them secretly). In December 2014, my parents got rid of their conflicts and treated eachother like humans again. Since then I'm living with my mother, meeting my father mostly at weekends, which I'm totally fine with.My mistrust (I didn't really "mistrust" anyone - I just didn't tell anyone about what could have harmed me) towards other people still was there, but it never felt like a serious issue.On May 21 (this year) my 25 y/o cousin and her husband celebrated their betrothal. My mother and me were there as well, but we barely talked to somebody else as we didn't know the majority of their friends. A couple of hours passed and on the evening, my 26 y/o cousin told me to sit next to her and we talked for a couple of minutes. I never expected to fall in love with her, but it somehow happened. Sure, at my age it isn't quite unusual to develop feelings which are more than just friendship, but it's far beyond that.From that point on everything has changed. It was like someone randomly punshing in my face, like walking on rooftops blindfolded and suddenly being pushed off. I've already been in love a couple of times (once even lasting for two and a half years - without being in a relationship), but it feels like this is completely different to what it always used to be; loving someone I never really spoke to before and who ironically also is my cousin.We met again 14 days after I fell in love with her on our grandfather's 90th birthday celebration (4th of June). We sat next to eachother and talked a bit, but I was too shy to really get to know her. I've already thought about suicide at that stage, but didn't make any certain plans until then. I knew that I would not see her again for another 1.5 years, so I planned to drive to her working place (she lives in a smaller city around 150km away from my home and works in a restaurant), tell her that I'm in love with her and commit suicide afterwards. On June 18, I decided to do what I've planned - I visited her at work. At first she was surprised, but she suggested that I could go on a friend's birthday party with her (which took place a couple of hours later), so I had to get rid of the materials I wanted to use for my suicide attempt. After the party ended (around 6am of the following day), I drove back home without having her know of my feelings.I texted her a week later to ask her how she was doing, hoping that I might be able to meet her again quite soon, which was actually the case: She invited me to another party on 08/07 (DD/MM). I visited her again; was still too nervous to get closer to her, but shortly before I had to drive back home, I told her of my love. She rejected me, but I barely had hope anyways.On 11/07, my suicide attempt took place. For some reason, I drove to her home again, laid my farewell letter in front of her threshold, turned around and wanted to search for a "good" place (where nobody would see me) to hang myself. What I didn't consider was that her little (half-)sister (13 years-old; not my cousin) was at home, taking the letter and giving it to my cousin. As I noticed what was happening, I panicked and ran into the closest forest. Declining every single call I recieved by my parents, I took the noose, tied it around my throat and a tree branch and jumped off a smaller piece of wood, but the distance was to low and my feet were still on the ground. I searched for a taller branch while my cousin messaged me, saying that I shouldn't do it and that she would help me as well. I thought that maybe everything would actually become better, so I aborted my attempt.A couple of hours later, I was brought to a mental hospital. I've tried my best to describe my issues, but I soon realised that this wasn't as easy as I though it to be. I actually didn't know what was happening with me, neither could I describe it. I still can't. I thought it was getting better, finally being able to speak to someone about my problems. And I actually was happier than before, I apologized to my cousin, while she seemed to be glad that I didn't commit suicide. That was until my 11th day in the hospital: We texted about some irrelevant stuff, when she said that she was meeting a specific guy (note: *meeting* and *dating* share the same word in German) more often.She actually just meant hanging out, but I misinterpret her message and thought of an upcoming relationship. I felt the same emptiness as before, but that changed back to happiness a couple of hours later. That's why I believed that everything had changed in a positive way. The doctors were probably thinking the same thing, which is why I was allowed to go back home only 16 days after my suicide attempt took place.When I got home, I immediately felt the same emptiness and I knew that nothing had changed. But instead of telling anyone that I still didn't recover, I started lying again about my mood.Since then, I've asked my cousin if I could meet her once again (she wanted to visit me while I was still in the hospital, but my parents declined) and she agreed. But she had to work a lot, so she postponed it until the first days of this November (I almost tried to commit suicide again during the waiting time, but I always said to myself that I should just hold on a bit more). I then asked her again and she suggested that she could visit me instead "in a week". But she kept on postponing her visit. I kindly said to her that she doesn't need to pressure herself if she doesn't have the time or doesn't even want to see me, though she answered that it wouldn't be a problem for her at all.This Sunday, she told me that she was going to visit me today (05/12), saying that she would message me when she planned to come. She did neither. On 2pm, I asked her at what time she wanted to visit me, but she (probably intentionally) didn't read my message although her being online a couple of times.Now my limbs are trembling and I'm thinking of committing suicide tonight. The only reason I kept holding on was hoping to see her once more. But since it seems like she doesn't want to spend a single minute with me, I feel completely broken and just want the pain to stop. If only I had not told her my feelings or if I hadn't tried to commit suicide - I maybe would have been able to meet her once more.I know that she isn't the only woman on earth and that I would eventually live a pleasant life. But the rational part of me sees no point in living anyways, while the emotional part only wants to live with my cousin. It feels like I'm suffocating painfully and I don't know how to finally end this other than committing suicide or being by her side.I'm sorry for posting this, many other people have far worse situations, but I don't know what will happen next, as it feels like the final step is closer than ever. I just don't know what to do
I'm not really sure what might happen to me or who will believe me but I need to have something public out there in case something happens to me.The world is kind of closing in on me and while I'm sure I'm the cause of most of it, I think it's spiraled out of control and there's little I can do at this point.  I've somehow managed to slowly but surely destroy my life and existence over the past few years, going from someone who had a lot and had it together, now being someone who is admittedly not mentally stable and has all sorts of problems.It's my fault and I take responsibility.  I got full of myself and looked down on people.  I still do it, I never really mean to, but it still happens.  It's like I'm outside of my body and see myself being a horrible person, judging people, belittling them in my mind, all that sort of thing. But there's really nothing I can do about it.I can see myself making dumb decisions.  Alienating people around me.  Becoming an alcoholic.  Watching too much porn.  Making excuses for not meeting with the few friends I have left.  Spending money on the wrong things.  But it's like I have no control over myself.  They say that our minds are separate and sometimes there's and Id.  I think mine are entirely different.  I'm a prisoner of one and am crying for the other to NOT make stupid decisions but it happens anyways and there's nothing I can do.I strongly feel these days that the part of my mind I can't control is controlling reality, or at least my perception of it.  It's taking away my friends, it's making my emotions variable and uncontrollable, it's making me slowly rot myself away into inevitable unremarkability. And yes I know my mind is broken.  I know it's my fault.  I take responsibility.  I've been to see psychiatrists and therapists and all sorts.  But I feel like none of them have helped me or have taken me seriously.  And I'm at the point where I can't afford monetarily to see them anyways.Anyways I guess this is twofold.  I feel like something will inevitably happen to me and the half of my mind I can't control will eventually bring me to an end.  There should be some record of it.  But also I need help and advice.  Surely some kind soul that I haven't yet alienated can help me?
I already tried cutting, drowning and overdosing. Only the last one brought me to a psychiatric ward. Everyone I asked help for just gave up and the people who tell me they love me never really do. Please don't tell me it'll get better because it's just getting worse for me.. I'm really worthless. In less than a year I had 2 abortions, a week at a psychiatric ward, broke up with every relationship I've had, no job, no money...The guy I'm starting develop feelings again blocked me for good even though I never told him what I want to tell him.. but maybe it's best. It's not like I can even afford a funeral for myself. I want an efficient one that won't send me to the ward again. I hate everyone there, more of a traumatic experience for me rather than a supposed time out from the world.
It's been a while. I'm not better. I'm worse. All i want is to leave this world. But I also want to feel better. I need acceptance. I need someone who puts me first, but doesn't need anything in return. I need someone who knows how shitty i feel and wants to make me happy. I need someone who would do anything to make me happy. But somehow i need that person to be me. Everyday is super hard. I'm so drained, and i need a dream to keep me afloat. I sort of need a fresh start, but somehow it would feel like running away from my problems, which always sounds like a bad idea. But what if it is the only way to keep me alive? It is better than nothing, but only if it comes to that. I'm fucking twentythree already, shouldnt i be an adult? But it is too hard. I can't take care of myself. I don't want to kill myself, but i dont see a future for me. I see emptiness and unhappiness. I don't know what i should do. All of this is way too hard. I have tried to keep myself afloat, but now i'm drowning and i don't know what to do.
I can't say I'm too anxious. I am on medication for that now. But there's a dark feeling I feel is trying to take over and grab ahold of me. I need to be held. And hugged and told I'm okay. But that's weird for a guy to need/want. So I can't ask anybody. I can't find a cuddle buddy. I feel trapped and alone. My bestfriend broke my heart. I don't know if we'll take each other back. I am not suicidal but I am afraid of this darkness entering my body. I don't know what to do with myself. I feel like a blob. 
I don't know how to approach it. I'm guessing people here would have a better idea.  Should I post the link? The username? I'm not really sure what to do here.EDIT:It's at this link here: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5goa6i/serious_why_should_one_have_to_live_whats_the/
Hey reddit,So two nights ago I decided to be a dumb piece of shit and put my life on the line. I took around 1,000 mg of Zoloft and 1,500 mg of Wellbutrin, and just watch 2001: Space Odyssey. I didn't want to die but I also didn't like living that night. Now all I want to do is live but I may have fucked it all up. I love my parents and hope that they can still have their son that does so many things to impress them. Anyway, it's right before finals week and I'm at a prestigious music school. I need to be able to take these finals. So it's been 2 days. I've dizzy and nauseous and have gotten rest and fluids but no sleep. I've had this fucking disease for 7 years now and I don't see why I'm alive rn.Thanks
Today was absolute hell for me. I'm a 11th grade male at an alternative school. I got caught with illicit drugs and was expelled for a year at public school so I went to juvenile hall and was put on probation. Blah blah blah. But anyways today I was slapped in the face with 2 notebooks and I wanted to fight and defend myself but I got scared. I wouldn't have got in trouble because it was self defense but honestly I hate myself. Like I'm such a pussy. I should have fought back seeing as I'm a 6'1 180 lb male and my opponent was 5'11 and 130 lbs. what should I do? He gets on and off at my bus stop and I want to fight but I'm too sissy. Anyone have any advice? Sorry for the long ass post I just needed somewhere to post because I feel like a piece of shit and a scary cat.
im 17, when i was 7 my dad died, before that my mum spent all my time looking after him, he had Motor neurone disease.I got no attention as a kid, and developed a communication issue which stops me from being able to express myself and communicate with my own family, whereas talking to friends and strangers is fine. this communication issue killed me from the inside over the course of my life.i began to think about it and like usual fell into a depressive episode again, which spiralled into full blown screaming into a pillow mental breakdown, punching walls and punching everything around me screaming at everything.i need help. nobody takes my condition seriously. its killing my mental state and destroying me viciously, i need helpplease i need help i don't know what to do. therapy does nothing and i am 40th in line because nobody takes me seriously
It all started 2-3 years ago. I got a terrible run of blemishes on my face around when I was 15 years old. i'm 18 now and it doesn't seem to get better. I suppose you could chalk it all up to puberty but that doesn't negate the fact that it's completely shot any confidence I ever had in the first place. i'm terrified of social situations. Ever since then so many things have happened that just make it all worse.I have no aspirations. I left school and didn't go to university. There was no point, no courses I was interested in. but I haven't got a job. I am getting support from the Jobcentre (I live in the UK) but man... it sucks. Going there every week and saying "no I haven't found a job", it's a little disheartening. One time my work coach sent me to a potential job course but I ultimately couldn't accept because I had travel sickness issues. She was livid. She said you couldn't possibly forget you have issues like that (I did forget) and I just broke down and cried. She was remorseful but it doesn't change the fact I still have to go there. I think in some way I'm terrified that getting one and just having a bad day would be enough to tip me over the edge.But that's not all. My stepdad is depressed too. He's physically disabled and probably couldn't walk for 10 minutes without getting a heart attack, so he needs my Mum to act as his carer, which means ferrying him around or going shopping. Except now his rent's gone up and they want to take his car (he gets it for being disabled or something idk much about that) which means he won't get out of the house and we can't get to him because he's in such an isolated area and we can't afford to buy a car. He even said he'd rather kill himself or someone else than not be able to go out again. It's so stressful.Then there's my Mum. She does a lot including dealing with my step-dad. She's said to me multiple times she can't be bothered to deal with my depression because she's spent her entire life dealing with depressed people and she's sick of it. So good fucking luck getting help from her. She doesn't think I can do it. She doesn't know I've already tried.I tried to overdose on pills in October that I got from my psychiatrist. They didn't alleviate my mood before and they didn't even kill me that night (made me feel sick for a few hours but that's it).When I visited my psychiatrist again he recommended I contact the IAPT which is like a help service for people with depression or anxiety. I talked with a nice lady and she seemed flabbergasted at times listening to how I felt. She said my case would have to be dealt with by the Crisis team. I was contacted by a guy with Crisis and... he said I should take antidepressants again. What a great fucking help that whole debacle was.I've never felt this upset in my life. If I had a gun or a button that would kill me instantly you can bet I would do it. I'm just so upset and in turmoil right now and no help service is working. My friends I've talked to them so much about my issues and they can't help me. Why can't anyone help me?
I had it all planned out.  I had my will in order and everything set.  I didn't do it.  I'm not even sure why.  Life has been utter shit and then more piles of shit.  Been on antidepressants and got nowhere except diarrhea.  But tonight, just a ray of goodness happened and I'm happy I didn't.  Hope this helps those of you who are where I was.  Just when you think the shit will never stop, something happens to make you feel better.  It will get better --- the words I despised.   It can happen......it does happen.
She denied and hasnt texted me back since and its been two days. I believe my friends are all angry at me and I'm now casted away from the group. I have no way of knowing because I threw away my cheap phone since I was tired of always looking at it to see if she texted back. I'm a self sabatoging dumbass who doesn't know how to socially interact. I am emotionally immature and thats why I've never had a girlfriend. I'm absolutely pathetic.I'm such an asshole, why did I even ask her that? I treated her like an object by even asking. I feel so bad, i'm not sure how she  felt about it. And now I may never know. Its 3:00 AM and I'm afraid to go to the study group at 6PM... I shouldn't have asked...I feel...so..empty.... I dont care about getting help anymore because therapy never worked out. They only prescribe me meds. I hate my life. I want to die..**Edit: Thank you guys for your kind words. They mean a lot to me, especially right now in this moment. I feel dizzy...Its 4:34 AM. I'm going to lay down. Thanks again for helping a broken guy out. Or maybe not so broken, just trying to figure things out...I dunno. thanks alot guys**
Nobody would care if I killed myself. Nobody cares about me. Nobody loves me. Nobody wants me.Family is pretty shitty. Friends have given up on me and those who haven't would be a lot better off without me. Im a constant nuscince To everyone
I've been in pretty aggressive therapy for the last couple months and just keep wanting to escape life. There are plenty of details. Mostly Fake heartbreak and out of check delusional ego. I could hide from progress inside reddit and staying up last since sobering up 6 months ago. I just don't really want anything other than to stop suffering. I can't pretend like this brain will rewire. I wish there was an easier way and I really hope this week works. 
I've been caught several times for super minor drug offenses since I've started college but everything feels like it's crushing in on me and I don't know what to do.
Hey guys, after years of depression and carefull delibiration, i'm finally gonna kill myself. I'm currently drinking 3 liters of beer and afterwards I'm gonna hang myself (I read online that it'll only take about 30 seconds before you lose consiousness, and I figured the beer would make those 30 seconds way more enjoyable) I just wanted you guys to know that you got me through a lot of bad times, but this time I'm just sick of it, time to hear the fat lady sing.. Thanks for everything, you guys were amazing. Goodbye! 
So I have about 15 days left. I started the timer a few months ago with the idea that I wouldn't back out if there was a set time. I kind of don't want to go, but it's not about me. I need to increase the efficiency of the world by ridding it of my weakness and corruption. I swear I'm a factory defect or something. Even in the face of a timer, certain death, I let months tick away while trudging away at my janitor job, living with ma because she charges half the rent of a landlord and I have no friends to be roommates with. Or I do, but they're living with their significant others, like normal well adjusted people. I've never talked about any of this before and writing it down feels like I thought it would like I'm a fucking whiny baby. So it's back to stoic silence in my room, until my 2 weeks is up. I'll be here til then. Sorry for wasting your time with my problems, I've never been abused or raped or bullied. I've lived a comfortable suburban life, good education, student loans I'll never pay off, but I feel content to sit around all day.  I'm the weakest one here by far. A factory defect.
I was going to use my main account for this, to show that 1) I'm serious, and 2) Maybe give you guys some context of what I'm going through, but then I realized a simple google search of my username could reveal my real name and I knew one of you idiots would call the police or something. Anyways, so what am I supposed to do here? Write a whiny list of how terrible my life is, and then you're all supposed to shower me with attention and tell me how everything is going to get better? Oh, or maybe you show me the "read this before you do anything" links and those are supposed to change my mind? Well I've read them, and they sure didn't change how I feel at all. Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem? Awesome! A permanent solution is exactly what I'm looking for, what a great sales pitch for suicide. Or it will tell me to think back about how I didn't used to feel like this. I know. My life has been in steady decline for years. It used to be better, reminding me of that won't help, it just makes me feel worse.My depression isn't a chemical imbalance in my brain. It's a totally reasonable response to living in a world of utter shit. I went on anti-depressants. I'm pretty sure they worked, but there's only so much bullshit my brain can put up with before being overwhelmed with the reality of how fucking awful my life is. Things aren't getting better, they're not going to get better, and if you were to put up a chart of my life you would see 20 years of steady decline. So don't fucking tell me it's going to get better, it just takes a little bit of inductive thought to work out a pattern and see that things will just get worse.So let's get going with that whiny list thing. Let's see, I just went through a break-up with my girlfriend of 8 years. She had borderline personality disorder and was abusive as fuck to me, but I still feel like I've lost the only thing in my life important to me. She left me to raise a severely disabled son. He's autistic, severely autistic. He's never spoken a word in his life, needs 24/7 one-on-one supervision, and still can't use a toilet. He just smears his shit everywhere to be cleaned up. Don't tell me he needs me, he has absolutely no awareness of other people and honestly would probably be happier being raised in a specialized group home setting anyways. I work my ass off in a demanding job, but I still don't have enough money to get by. I don't even know how I'll pay the bills this month. My house is in utter ruins because of my son. Carpets are ripped up, there are holes in the wall, I'm too embarrassed to even have anyone over it's so bad. I have no car. No money. No free time. And worst of all, absolutely nobody to even talk to.I really want to kill myself. I'm not just thinking about it. I'm planning it, and I know how I'm going to do it. I was going to say how, but I saw there's a rule against that (wouldn't it be funny to be banned from /r/suicidewatch for seeking out help though?), but suffice it to say I'm going with a method that's pretty much 100% effective. I'm not some emotional 20 year old thinking they're the only ones in the world who feel pain. I'm 34 years old, I know what I'm doing, and I'm serious about it. But I'm giving all of you here the benefit of the doubt. See if you can talk me out of it. Some guy on the front page of /r/all said you made all of his problems better, so what the fuck, I want to see what you can do.
I realized that, yes, I can generally have fun by myself. Whether it's with watching a great movie, playing video games, reddit, or any other hobbies; they all make me feel happy, if but for a moment. It's dawning on me that these are more distractions than anything. Distracting me from a life I could have with someone else beside me.I guess I'm just a "late bloomer" but like, I still haven't figured it out yet. I don't think I can change, I look back on the mistakes I've made that led me to being alone YET I continue making the same mistakes. I can't change.Anyways, I'm not quite there yet where I feel suicide is the answer, just an option. If in about 3 years I'm still in the same position, I don't see much of a reason to continue on.
My kids mom left us when he was two but came back into his life a year and a half later and now she actually has a pretty nice family and I think she could raise him.  She has another kid who is nice and her husband has a good job.I lost my job over the summer and haven't gotten one that even pays half what they did.  I am working at a job with kids in high school.  Right now my kid is 8 and doesn't quite get how much of a loser I am but i don't have very long before my child figures it out.  
Kinda. I will wait until the end of the holidays I think. I am going away with my family. That should be fun. But after that, there is no reason to keep going.I have no future. No future worth living, anyway. I will never be able to achieve the things I wanted to anymore. I will never be able to do the things I want to do. My life is over.I live in a place with an unemployment rate of around 35%, and my skin colour counts against me too. Even if by some miracle I do manage to find a job, it will never pay more than $600 a month. I will never be able to live comfortably. I will never be able to travel. I will never be able to support children or whatever. If I don't kill myself, every day will be a miserable grind, with no chance of things ever getting better.Luckily, I don't have any children. I don't really have any friends left. I have nobody that would be hurt if I killed myself. Nobody relies on me being alive. I hate every day, and every day is worse than the day before. 
I am so fucked up. How do I get out of this? I do hate everyone around me. I am anxious all the time. Getting more am more aggressive. I hate all the people around me. I am feeling so wrong. Like I have to hide everything in me. Don't know why I live in this planet... What's the sense of it. Groups of people are destroying me and I don't know why. I could cry but have to hide it. I could explode because of fear and aggression but I have to hide it. Guys I hate to live. I want to kill my self but I don't have the strength to do it. I always expect to be punched in the face. Really that feels so real. One part of me feels like he will be punched in his stomach and face. And you know what? I really feel like that I deserve it. 
This is a throwaway but ill be here for a while, maybe. So, some background. I'm 20, in college, and am in the very early stages of transition as a mtf trans person. I'm having a bad day, probably one of my worst, and I'm not really seeing things getting better. I've tried getting therapist but after 6 different ones that either weren't covered by my insurance or were unqualified to help, I've pretty much given up. My grades are far from perfect and I've fallen behind to the point where I dont think I can catch up. I'm actually supposed to be in class right now, but instead, I went to a parking lot and I'm nkw just sitting here, wondering why I should stay here. The only thing keeping me here is my family and at this point, whenever I'm home, my mom tells at me because she know I should be doing better in school. So its gotten to a point where I dont want to be home, but I dont want to be out. The only time I feel even a little ok is when I'm sleeping. I can recall the Las tine I knew I was happy, and that was back in high school. And even then, its wasn't for very long. So I ask, why should I not take my car on the highway, and see how fast  I can hit a tree...cause at the moment, I'm having a hard time lf thinking of any reasons.
I fled my family after one too many falling outs over my mental health, unemployment, etc. The issue was while I was away for a week they removed my weed vape. Now, for the last 12 months they've known about my habit and haven't interfered in any way as long as I'm discreet, so this was a huge betrayal of my trust and not to mention total violation of my privacy - because who knows what else they've trawled through?So I booked it, spent a few nights at my best friend's place to see him and his wife and baby son one last time. Now I'm in the scummy part of town in a cheap motel and sit here contemplating whether to just get it over with - at least my family won't have to clean up. Or, just get wasted enough to forget for a few days then return home, take my valued possessions and store them with a friend, then present myself to hospital and tell them if they don't take me away someone is gonna die, and hope for the best.Tomb: http://i.imgur.com/dFRTuWy.jpgEdit: It just struck me that this may seem like an extremely petty reason to want to die, but I should clarify: when I say this was one too many I'm talking about the final straw on a MASSIVE stack. It's not just this, but this tipped the scale.
Tonight, my girlfriend ushered me out of our bed after I cried worrying about us distancing so she could continue to make plans to have sex with her friend while I was at work the next night. This is the love of my life. We'll work through it. My first relationship, the past three years, 18-21. The night before she left me in the living room to sext them, pictures and all. I found out tonight. I feel sick. I can't stop crying and I love them but the second I'm not doing something it's all I can think about and I just want to die. I feel hurt and defective and worthless. I can't stop crying. I can't stop thinking about it. I can't fall asleep and I'm tired and I just want it to stop. 
Hey guys. I figured I'd give this a shot since I don't really know what to do. I've struggled with depression at varying degrees for 6-7 years now (I'm 22). I thought at some point as I got older it would be something I'd grow out of, but I haven't. I still hate myself and I still think about killing myself. In the past year it has gone from once a month to once a day where I have a thought about doing it. The problem is, I know I shouldn't. I don't want to. I don't want to die or to end my life. I don't want to be depressed and I don't want to feel this way. I'm not really worried I will kill myself, at least not tonight or something like that. I'm worried that I am broken. I can't stop hating myself and I can't stop thinking about killing myself. I don't know what to do. I am getting details about a therapist/psychiatrist that I could see. My parents think this is a problem in the past and if I used my family's health insurance I think they would know. I don't want them to but I don't know how much this kind of stuff costs. Could a college student afford therapy and potentially anti depressants?I don't know what to do and I have no one to ask for help from. Any comments or advice would be great. Thanks in advance. 
Throughout high school I've always had a feeling of worthlessness, and now I'm even more sure of how little I'm worth to everyone around me. I have always constantly let my family down, have always let my friends down, as well as myself. I am not strong, mentally or physically, so I have to rely on my intellect to get me through life. And I've noticed the degradation of my ability to think and just be even intelligent enough to function as a human being. I make terrible decisions on a consistent basis, I never learn from them either. I've just been thinking about ending this all. I've planned how to hand my work over to my colleagues and how to distribute my savings through my family. I don't have any friends that I feel comfortable asking for help. My family see depression as a sign of weakness and a sign that I will not go far in life, so why not save everyone the time and money and just stop here.
I won't get too much into my story of how one day when I was 25 my guts bloated out in about 2 minutes, and basically created a chronic illness that stuck that way. It destroyed me and everything about my soul and being. I worked through my problems as much as I could and attained some success in the last 10 years, but the anger and frustration of the gut discomfort, how it affected me socially,  and the pain caused irreversible damage to my mind. I also developed a worsening sacroiliitis that has been a losing battle in last 15 years. Maybe I would be more accepting of it if I didn't have such a desire for competitive sports, but that was part of who I was and now I'm beginning the older stage of life and it's not getting better, only worse so I can't imagine what it will be like in my 60's.  I live with my parents and have been out of work now for 4 months. My father is 70 and has no chronic pain. I have attained a new job position I haven't started yet, requiring me to move alone from the East coast of the country to a small town in the west coast in a few weeks. My girlfriend cannot move with me, and she is quite a cold and closed off person most of the time anyway. If she could move with me, maybe things would be ok, but I'd rather kill myself than go out there with no one at this point in my life. It is no longer adventuresome or remotely exciting. My employers are expecting a lot out of me and I can hardly get up in the morning. (actually I cannot get up in the morning) I've realized I cannot manage at this point to even consider having my own family as a goal as I can barely carry myself. Why do I want to go out there to just work, eat, and defecate? I don't have the desire to go through all the new relationship BS either so I won't even try.  I know my gf will happily dump me once I leave (which I could never understand because I am a kind and loving bf) and even though I can have logical thoughts about it it will make me so physically ill anyway that I will have to keep going to the bathroom at my new work and vomiting.  I've done plenty of things in life, and I don't have a single desire to do more. My 40 is other people's 85 I guess etc.  I think the best way I can end it is with a box cutter to my neck. It will be like pulling the trigger to a gun. I was close to doing it a few years before. I once told my girlfriend and she didn't believe I could really do it anyway. The ONLY thing preventing me, (as I told her) is knowing how it would kill my parents. I almost wish they were no longer here so i could be more resolute. I know if I back out of the job and stay in my parents house, at this point I will wake up with anxiety so crippling I will have to go to a hospital again and I'm pretty sure when I get to the west coast alone at 40, I will also feel that way so i see no way out of this. I shouldn't have to suffer anymore. I have been under propofol (which is like being brain dead because there is nothing, no dreams, no you before you awake) before so I know there is a serene nothingness after death. People die everyday, it doesn't matter. The idea of taking pills actually gives me more anxiety than slicing my neck with a quick stroke of a box cutter. It would be very fast, and the accident of the planet and life on it can continue its meaningless existence.     
It's mostly just pain that I'm afraid of, and the fear of nothingness after death. But if I died, I feel like it wouldn't be any particular loss. I wouldn't be missing out on anything, because my life is literally not going anywhere. It CAN'T go anywhere.Let me elaborate. I live out in the middle of nowhere. The closest establishment is a gas station next to a school that's a family-run business, and it's about an hour to an hour-and-a-half walk.I'm twenty-five. I can't drive. I have no health insurance, can't AFFORD health insurance, and thus would be terrified of driving even if my parents would help me learn. I'm absolutely dependent on my folks, and they're either incapable of or unconcerned with ever even trying to help me move out and start my own life.I want to live my own life. I want to get healthy. I want to get a girlfriend and find love and get out to see the world. But it's not feasible. I don't have money, I can't get money, and with the inability to acquire money I can't move forward. A term I hear often is that suicide is a "permanent solution for a temporary problem". And when I think about that phrase, I feel myself seethe with anger, because whoever says it unironically has never fricking dealt with the situation I'm in--being completely at somebody else's mercy and that 'somebody else' not caring or not trying.Frankly, I'm already dead. The inside of my chest feels hollow. I never feel legitimately happy anymore. I never have any kind of hope. There's no possible opportunity for me to proceed forward at all. And I never have any kind of energy to maybe have hope in the first place that I could just walk out and start wandering the streets as a homeless man and live. If I actually tried to walk out and move on in life by becoming homeless, I feel like one morning it'd just be too cold for me to want to bother getting up, and I'll just lay there until I die. Sometimes when I'm in the kitchen I'll look at what's available and think "Maybe if I gorge myself enough then I'll end up dying from sodium shock or some such". I never go through with this of course but I don't have any healthy options anyway because my family eats like a bunch of garbage cans, so it wouldn't be hard at all.Literally the only thing that keeps me going is the few online friends that I care about and who care about me, but lately some rifts have started to form between us because of new members in my groups. I basically have nothing.If I can never be happy, then what's the point of living? I can never be happy living like this, but I'm literally incapable of changing it, and I'm never allowed to be angry about anything, including my situation. I'm nothing. In every possible logical definition of the word except physically, I'm nothing. Truth be told, I know what I REALLY want. It's not to die--it's to be "saved". For somebody to save me from this godforsaken place so that I can finally start my own life and live on my own terms. To actually LIVE instead of just survive. To be independent.But I know that it's not ever going to happen. I've been stuck here for too long for that to feasibly happen. Nobody is going to save me. Nobody is going to rescue me. I'm stuck here and there's no escaping an inevitable fate of eternal loneliness and hollow sadness. So what's the point? I'd be better off dead. I'd be less of a resource drain, I wouldn't have to worry about this stupid, alien concept of "happiness" anymore, I wouldn't ever worry about being alone again, and maybe there's an afterlife where I COULD be happy. Who knows?I want things to change. I NEED things to change. But they won't. So I might as well die, even though I'm too much of a coward to die.
Please... I've been feeling like complete shit lately. I have no one to talk to in person so a randon stranger will do so just I don't lose my mind and try to end it.Thanks. 
Today marks the day where I just cannot go any longer. I've tried, I've healed and then been broken again and again. I'm giving myself till midnight tonight for some miracle to happen or for me to wuss out and not do it. Thanks for the laughs reddit it helped. 
Low key throw away. I love you all so much and feel destroyed when I read a post and just don't know what to comment. Sometimes I just think to myself, "holy shit I'd fucking kill myself too" I just want all this to end. I want you all to just be ok. Just be happy. I've had people tell me if it hurts so bad then don't come here. But it hurts worse when I'm away. I just need the suicide to stop. I talk with people and then they say they're going to do it, and I reply back just a little too late. It weighs heavy. My mind is going a million miles a minute and I just want a hug, and someone to say everything's going to be ok. But I know it won't. If you're thinking about doing it. Please don't. That's all I can come up with anymore. People care. You may not care that a random stranger cares. You may think I'll forget you. But I won't ever forget you Elliot. I'll never forget you either John. Or Elizabeth. Or Jane. Or Reece. Or will. Or any of you. I'm sorry I couldn't save you. And I'm sorry I can't save you all. Or any of you apparently. I think I do more harm then good. And that kills me so much.Edit: I don't even reply anymore because I'm afraid of doing more harm then good. All I can do is offer a friend. Someone to talk to. Vent with. Yet people need more and deserve more than just that. 
I feel bad lately and depressed. I really rely on music and films when it comes to getting better. I just feel like I made a lot of mistakes and no matter how much I regret them already, I can't seem to face them bravely. And the only way I can accept them fully is to take my life. But half of me knows it isn't right. Please do share your experiences too. I'd love to talk to people feeling the same way. As much as I need someone to listen, I also want to listen.Stay strong, everyone. We'll make this.Current song: Fight Song by Rachel Platten
I'm just ready to end things. I've dealt with severe depression and anxiety for the last 6-7 years, and after so long I really don't think it'll ever end. I've spent years in therapy, and tried so many different medications, and nothing has ever changed. And now this year has been the absolute worst year of my life, to the point where so many shitty things have happened that it's almost comical. I was raped, dropped out of college, attempted suicide, developed PTSD, had my eating disorder resurface, and I was cheated on, twice. The list goes on. I hate everything about myself, and the weight of all my failures is absolutely crushing me. So here I am now, lonely and empty and broken and just so, so tired. I can't handle hurting like this anymore, and I just want out. I plan to hang myself, someplace away from home to minimize the trauma to my family. I don't want any of them to have to find me, and it's the least I can do considering how generally selfish suicide is. But I can't keep staying alive just to make them happy. I feel so calm now, knowing that I have a way out, that I only have so much longer until I finally just kill myself and have an end to my problems. 
I'm not a beliver in fate or destiny so I really think that this is more of an internal sense. Last night I had a dream where I attempted suicide and I have been doing things like knowing that if I see a light then I should kill myself or if I hear a noise I should do it. I strongly feel that this is the right thing to do and I feel energized knowing that it is the right thing to do as I am not a real person in any meaningful way and I lack self-control to prioritize my exective functioning. The only concerns are that the people I love, my wonderful husband and family, will not understand why I need to do this. The ideal situation would be to convince my husband to commit suicide with me but I know he is not amenable to the idea, but I am hopeful that he will come around once I'm dead.Having typed that out, I can intellectually recognize the signs of some sort of irrational episode of the sort that I have had in the past but it does not effect me on an emotional level. I do not believe that I should allow that to sway my belief that it is the right thing to do. However, I do recognize that there is probably the strong instinct of survival within me which will be a challenge to overcome. 
It's just not fair. I left home a few weeks ago without telling anyone and she took off two days of work to come and find me.  But now that I'm back home, it's back to square one. Nothing has changed. I am planning on doing it today since it's my birthday, but I don't want it to destroy my mom. I can't live with this pain just so someone else won't have to, it's not fair.
What's up guys. I'm writing this for anyone who is struggling right now or in the future. I just want you all to know that it really is inconceivably possible to change your entire life. I have one year sober today. Looking back on where I was in November/December of 2015, strung out on heroin, drinking all day, popping any pill I could find, grasping onto the flimsy, crumbling concept that I couldn't kill myself for my family's sake, living in my mom's basement, no job no school and no semblance of social interaction - it feels like a different person. I was counting down the days until I couldn't take it any longer and killed myself. Or accidentally OD'd, or landed in prison. I was a shell and it was ugly; stealing money from my family, driving my younger siblings while intoxicated, lying to everyone, failing at anything I tried.I am now living across the country (NY > CA), working full-time in recovery at a sober living, living in my own apartment with my own car, I will be going back to school this spring, I have friends, a community, and most surprisingly of all I am sober. If you knew me a year or two ago and I had told you I would be sober now you would have laughed in my face. I would have laughed in my face.Life gets ugly, shit gets fucking crazy, and sometimes we have to go through a lot more pain than we even think possible. But absolutely everything can change, and no matter who we are or where we are in life we can start this change. I'm not special.My journey started with hiking through the Smoky Mountains for 3 months in a wilderness rehab. That in and of itself was a huge change and shock for me, and it got the ball rolling and showed me there are more ways to live than the one I had chosen.I can go a lot more in depth on any parts of my story, or ideas / advice I may have. I just want to get the gist of it down now, and to let you guys know that any amount of change IS possible.I'm here if anybody ever wants to talk. I'm not a therapist but I've been through some shit and maybe I can help.(This is my first post, and this is my first time in the sub so I apologize if I did something wrong, please let me know if I did and I will correct it.)
I want to quit, give up...cease to be. My two year old is the only one who would give a shit and he'll forget easy enough..he's young, he will bounce back. I'm tired of the physical and emotional pain. I think a blood choke would be best...quick, painless, effective.
I don't get it. I'm a straight A student(high school), I have plenty of friends, a good family. I have such a good life and I still can't seem to be happy. Every day I have to put on a fake smile and pretend to care about all of the people around me, but I just don't care. Nothing is interesting to me, and it's so hard not to take my own life at this point.The only reason I haven't killed myself is that I know I would hurt those around me, and I know that they would be hurt if they knew how much I hate myself. I just don't know how much longer I can keep up this pointless act.
What is there, over there? There is nothing. I was born in a bottomless pit where no light shone. As if pressed together by the darkness. Untouched by everything at all. Born under those dark, dark sediments. I had a white form. My comrades were all in pure black. In those black forms with their eyes shining and teeth baring they were certainly eating something. And then... There was nothing to me, except my eyes. I felt nothing. No rather... It was possible that what I felt was "void", yet. I could hear nothing, I could bite nothing, I could smell nothing, I could feel nothing as I touch, I could not rest. I had no companion. Just walking, alone. The things reflected in my eyes have no meaning. The things that could not be reflected in my eyes do not exist. Walking walking walking walking walking walking walking walking. When I had arrived at last. I have found something extraordinary. It was somewhat the place of birth for those strange translucent objects that dotted this world. It was the first time... my eyes have been captured. With no colour, with no sound, with no scent. Does not interact with anything, it only exists there. It was the closest existence to "void" that I had ever laid eyes on. I sank my body... into... that great "void". There was nothing there,... Even I had lost my line of vision, and dissolved into the void... And felt as if everything had disappeared. Happiness. If such a thing called happiness exists in this world, it should be something which resembles the limitless nothingness. Nihility is having nothing, and having nothing to lose. If that isn't "happiness", then what is? The things reflected in my eyes have no meaning. The things that could not be reflected in my eyes, do not exist. There is nothing... in you... and... in me. I have been always leaning to the dark side which makes me strange because i know for certain that something is not right with me. Well let me tell you exactly what i feel. I feel nothing. Just a void. I feel an absence, if such a thing is possible. I feel the blank page, silence, dark matter, dishwater. You move through the world, and things happen to you that you know you should feel, but instead of feeling, nothing happens. Like turning the key in your cars ignition and the car not starting its unsettling. Some people might say that "it's a good thing because i feel nothing and it frees you from all the bullshit that people make you go through". Not in my experience. Feeling nothing just makes you feel like youre not human, not like youre not depressed. Its like being the shell of a person. A walking and talking corpse. Like youre nothing. The human experience with emotion removed isnt the human experience its really no experience at all. I missed a lot of great family and friend events, just because I dont feel anything out of it. In the nothingness, there is no benefit, no sadness, some loneliness, but mostly just nothing. So yeah i wanted to get that out of my chest.
I was born with a muscular disorder in which I will end up paralyzed when I'm around 30 years old. I figured I would end it while I still have the capability to do so. It's been 5 years since I was diagnosed with depression, it was right after I was diagnosed with my muscular disorder. The one thing I wanted to do in my life was be in a monogamous relationship with someone else. I feel now that I don't deserve it. I always wanted help but it never came to me. If people really wanted to help, they had the opportunity to give it to me, but now, it's too late.My name is Josh and I'm going to end it as soon as I'm done typing this. I just figured that I would tell someone so I wouldn't be completely forgotten.Goodbye everyone. I hope your life will be better than mine ever was.12/4/16 -- 22:19 
I dont even want to live anymore. I wish i could kill myself. i really wish i could. but the thought of my parents reaction stops me. People say it gets better but it doesnts, thats a load of shit. Theres no point to anything at all, and im unhappy so why should i stick around. 
fuck
do something really crazy. Move to some other country. Backpack the world. I have no money, but maybe I can get loans, there's nothing to lose right?Does anyone have a story I'm on the verge of suicide or mental hospital or some crazy path if someone can inspire me to climb out of this

Please someone give me one reason. I can't see the light. The darkness is enveloping me.
I can't stick around for him.  I've had too much trauma and my brain is shot.  The last traumatic event has pushed me over the edge and my new neuropsychiatrist has said I've been through too much trauma, the most recent being the last straw and my brain literally can't think or function.  I am in extreme pain and am miserable.  There is no hope.  I'm not even interested in getting a brain scan to see how much damage there really is.  It doesn't matter.  I don't care because I can't live regardless.  I have all the illnesses I need to get the medicine I need to end it thanks to depression, anxiety, insomnia and a concussion.  I hope my dog has a better, happier life after I'm gone.
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5ga3vg/comment/dar7fse?st=IWBTWOJA&sh=ca07a972This is what I'm going through right now and I just found out my ex is now dating her abusive ex. That's what hurts the most. She could be dating anyone else and she chose him. The person who physically and emotionally abused her. And now she has the nerve to tell me "he changed, he's on medication" It's fucking disgusting to see what people will do to feel loved. She's a reactionary twat who only cares about the thrill of someone new. She cheated on me multiple times by kissing different people and I'm fucking done with it. I want to kill myself because I'm just sick and tired of it. But my actual chances of doing this are about 25%. I've always been afraid of death but it feels welcoming. I don't want to kill myself but god damn does it hurt to have her be with someone else. Every time I think about it I literally get nauseous from anxiety. I saved her life by the way, talked her out of suicide. Now she's back with the guy who pushed her closer to it. 
I suffer from depression, sadness and general loneliness every time I wake up I can't help but think I am a failure, being jobless and having no partner (I still own a mint condition V card) really gets me down, sometimes to the point I want to commit. Now is where the problems arise, my mother,brother and sister have learning difficulties (varying levels of seriousness) and my father suffers from PTSD due to a long stint in the army, if I kill myself now I am 100% sure they would not be able to cope and I will be ruining their lives beyond belief. At this point in time I feel like I am living not for myself but out of guilt which honestly is the worst feeling I have ever felt. Sorry for the poor english I am typing through teary eyes right now.
Tonight i wrote my suicide letter. i still dont know if i want to do it. just the thought pops into my head daily. people ask if im okay when they see im down at work but at work im happier than when im at home in my apartment. Ever since me and my ex broke up i havent been the same i cant get her out of my head, but she dosent care about me. i just hate myself daily. i hate my job where im at in life and everything in between.
Here we go, i'm actually doing this.I'm (24M) and i have suicidal thoughts on a daily basis. I know i don't want to die, but i still daydream of going through with it. I won't do it though. I tried twice before and i failed at that too. It's been 6 months since then. Everyday i wake up with a heavy heart and it hurts. BUT it has been getting easier. I find myself enjoying small things here and there and in doing that, my cynical and oppressive thoughts vanish; even if for a split second. In that split second, i know everything will be alright. You might be wondering, how i know that? Well its simple. I know because it's a change from the constant depression i suffer. For a brief moment, i feel "normal" again. A prime example is right now, this moment. I started this post looking for someone like you, to validate that I'm not the only one feeling like this. Here i am now starting to just give advice? Not sure what to call it, I'm just venting i suppose. All i know is that i feel better than i did before i started writing.All in all, i do suffer from a form a depression, it keeps me from doing some things in life at times and it just plain sucks. I won't let it define me though. I can feel the wind of change rising behind my back and slowly raising me up and away from this pain. I won't let myself be shackled in these chains of guilt and regret any longer.  So there is hope for us. And remember, no matter how dark the night becomes, hope is like the moon that will illuminate the path towards dawn. Have a great day you guys. I know i was going to share my story but being my usual self, i went off in a tangent and it'll have to wait til next time.
Hey guys, never thought I'd find myself here. I'm 20 years old, active duty in the military, and I absolutely hate my life. I have a good friend group but I can never find the courage to tell them how I feel. I failed the school for a job I originally planned on doing while being weeks away from graduating. I'm now working a job where my superiors do not value me or my friends well being at all and I am beyond physically and emotionally exhausted. I feel like a total failure, I feel out of place in this position, I feel like I don't belong, I feel like my youth has been drained out of me. I lost the love of my life after we had been together for 3 years because of the distance. I loved her so much, and now she's gone. Everyone told me I was going to be so happy, and so successful before I left for bootcamp, now I dread going back home because I feel like such a fucking failure.I was physically abused as a kid, and I grew up with the advice of "being a man" rather than talking about my feelings. I feel like such a fucking pussy everytime I want to talk about how sad and miserable I am. I was raped as well and I finally confessed to my family about it before I left when I was informed my rapist was attending my going away party. My confession was met with skepticism and doubt for the most part, you know, the whole "women can't rape men" thing. lol. I have nothing I look forward to in my day anymore. I used to look forward to just a shower at the end of the day, and we no longer have hot water. The gym doesn't even make me happy anymore. I have spent my whole life sprinting from my problems and I feel like I'm crawling now. I am tired of running guys. I'm tired of feeling miserable. I look in the mirror and all I can see is a fucking idiot that looks dead inside. I just want to be fucking happy. I never had a childhood, I was forced to grow up so fast. I feel like I can't go to anyone. I just want to die. I don't have a plan, but I spend all day thinking about how awesome it would be if I could just end my miserable life. I'm sorry if this isn't significant enough to be on here guys 
I am nothing, people keep saying I am worth something, but I am not. I have nothing to lose from killing myself. This is my 5th reddit account, every time I make one, I make a post on something, and people bully me, I HATE THIS WEBSITE. People downvote you just because they don't like your opinion, they tell you to kill yourself, just because you don't like a game, or they mock your income because you don't like the practices of companies IM FUCKING DONE WITH IT. I WILL NEVER BE RICH I WILL NEVER BE ABLE TO AFFORD ANYTHING, I WILL CONSTANTLY WANT TO COMMIT ARSON ON EVERY MANSION I DRIVE BY. I HATE THE RICH I HATE THE RICH I HATE THIS SITE 
It really puzzles me because I don't remember the first time I felt depressed; it was such a long time ago.
I've seen a lot of things in only the 18 years I've been alive, and I'd like some advice.. My first love who I had been with for 6 months broke up with me. Now 6 months may not seem like a lot, but I got to know a great deal about this person. She knew quite a bit about me and we opened our lives to each other. I thought of her almost like a wife.. We had been intimate in every sense and I only grew to love her more and more.I failed her. I failed her in every sense of the word. While I was at work, her abusive ex found her and raped her.. I didn't know anything about it..She had told me he was abusive, but had said she cut contact with him and he never got her. But that was a lie. He took her virginity, but she had taken mine while I was under the impression that I was taking hers. I found out what he did a couple months later, but she wouldn't let me tell anyone. I kept it a secret because she was scared... I never was able to even meet or confront this man.. And I don't think I ever will be able to.. I don't know what to do now... She's made her decision and cut off all contact with me, so now I live with the regret of not having taken any action against the man who violated my woman. One might suggest I can move on, but I don't think so. No matter how much time passes, or how much I cry, the painful emotions never cease. I have all these memories that won't go away, and some part of me doesn't want them to... I feel so weak and helpless... I don't know what to do... It feels like the only true release will come with death... I fucked up, I really did.
I don't have anyone to talk to, literally not a single person. I am in a really bad phase right now and desperately need someone to talk to. Last few days have been very tough. If there is someone else who feels the same way then we can chat, or if anyone is interested in talking to me then that will be great. Just breaks my heart that there are 7 billion people in the world and not a single one of them finds me interesting or worthy to talk to. 
No matter what i do all i will be in 100 years is a name on the internet and maybe a grave stone. We are all just an organised grouping of atoms going through life trying to get the perfect balance of chemicals in our brains. Why do we bother if in the end we are all in the same place? Theres no reason for us to be here the universe goes on without us and life goes on without me. We are close nothing in the grand scheme of things. 
I can't handle it. I don't want my job, I don't wanna go to school, I don't want to see things, I live every fucking day doing things I don't want to. I live my life in terror and I don't want to be like this for 60+ more years. My life isn't enjoyable and I just wanna be done.
To be honest this thing makes me feel like I'm personally just trying to kill myself for attention but at this point i don't know. I have had depression for a couple of years and i tried to kill myself the beginning of this year. But before anything i was able to come to my senses and call 911 because it was via OD. Today my depression caused me to be irrational and now my girlfriend is upset at me and i have cut up and down my left arm.Right now as i write this i feel like I'm a terrible person because my depression takes the best of me and i feel that if i disappear my girlfriend can find someone better than me, and my parents can stop worrying about me. Since the last attempted suicide my life has turned for the worst. My grades in school are really bad now. There is no way to fix them anymore and I'm about to graduate. Everything just seems better in others people's lives if i just do it. My girlfriend finds someone better, my parents don't have to pay for my college tuition(because i come from a poor family). My dad who was the cause of the first suicide gives a vibe or talks to me like he doesn't like me anymore, i don't know if it was because i tried to kill myself or because i ruined his affair(the reason for the suicide).I don't really know what i want or why i post this on the subreddit. I don't know if i was someone to talk me out of it or if i just want assurance no one wants me here.
I've been lurking around the depression sub red lately, seeing how everyone was doing, making sure that I wasn't the only one one who has the feeling of getting eaten up inside. That I wasn't the only one going through this all alone.I have been seeing a psychiatrist and a social worker for almost a month now. Just doubled my fluvoxamine intake since Friday. There had been times when they wanted to admit me, just for my own safety. But I managed to convince them that I was fine, that I'll look for help when I need it. The truth is, I can't afford to stay a night there. I really wish I could be there, getting help. I haven't let my family know, I just don't want them hurt. Staying at the hospital would inform them and I don't want that either.What I am trying to say is, that I am really done. I can't take it anymore. I already gave myself a date. Planning to live to the fullest till then. I've been updating my journal, saying my sorrys and goodbyes. I hope the rest of you guys to be well. Seeing how some of you get out of your attempts has made me want to give it another go. But I don't think I can anymore.
Ive been battling depression and suicide for years. Next week im finally going through with it. Overdose under a bridge in a nature park where my best friend take pictures all the time. My happiest place.
I feel like my life has no purpose, obviously I don't know until I experience it but I don't see any reason to keep living for. I think I will kill myself after Christmas, I want to give my family and friends one last holiday with me so I can give them good memories of me and so I can give them something of real sentimental value. I just don't want to be sad anymore and I can't fix it, college is shitting on me and there is probably no coming back from the hole I have dug myself. Idk why I'm writing in here, I guess it's kinda just like me confirming my own thoughts. I love my friends and family but me living has no reason aside from them and as time moves on so do my friends and soon I'll be left with nothing
I really feel lost and like I have no one. My problems are making everyone leave me behind. I'm really not sure what to do but my mind is very self destructive and it's making me feel very down. I honestly just hate myself and how I act. Maybe if I was better people would stay.. 
I'm worthless. I can't do anything right. I'm a burden to my family. I don't work while attending college and mooch off my parents because of my depression. My relatives (outside mom and dad) don't hesitate to let me know how pathetic I am, how much of a bum they think I am. I get bad grades still because I get heavy anxiety thinking about every test. **I have a test tomorrow at noon**, I haven't studied. All I can think about is how much better it would be for everyone else if I were to disappear.None of my friends realize the eccentric, fashionable happy-go-lucky guy is suicidal behind closed doors. I wanted to kill myself late June one night. I ran out of home frantically one night setting out to jump off a bridge. A friend unwittingly talked me down from doing it. I thought that would be the end of the depression and I spent months working up my self-esteem and sense of self-worth. And it comes crashing down when I can't focus in school and realize how pathetic my situation is right now.I've talked people through depression. Others seem to think I got it figured out because I'm so cheerful. I can't even decide if that me is the real me. Is it fake or who I'd be if I wasn't depressed? My pep talks and tactics seem to work for them but hardly for me. Maybe for a few weeks but I know eventually I'll relapse. Maybe it's a chemical imbalance, my family has history of inbreeding between cousins due to cultural reasons. I feel like I'm just fucked for life, nothing works for me. I know I'm frantic and my thoughts will recede when I'm calm but right now, this specific moment I just can't do this thing anymore. I tried gutting myself but I got so sick at the thought I almost vomit. I don't know why I'm even posting this, I'll probably be alive in the morning. I'm too weak to kill myself and too weak to fix myself up. Why can't I just disappear? Fuck.
First of all, I have been suffering from depression and isolation since I was in middle school (18 now). I feel as though i have been needing to rant about my life for a very long time so here it goes. My grammar wont be that great because i close my eyes when i write, it helps me concentrate. Here is my life story. In middle school, i was that kid that the entire class made fun of. this was because of how i look and my size, i looked like a 3rd grader in 6th grade. the 3 years in middle school were horrible and i wanted to start fresh in highschool. I built a persona for myself where i acted like a tough kid who didnt give a single fuck. This worked to stop the bullying from happening in front of me but it didnt stop people from talking behind my back. In grade 10, i found out that one of my teachers called my parents to tell them that i might fail a class, i did not want to face the consequences that of my actions so i decided that i was going to kill myself, in the end i pulled myself up because i was afraid. I ended up getting into a relationship in grade 11 and it lasted a year, she broke it off a week before prom to be with another person. Ever since then ive started to smoke pot and i started to give even less shits about everything. My parents think that i go to my uni classes and that i am doing well in them, the truth is, i dont leave my house because it takes too much effort for me to even leave my bed. I dont even eat some days because i cant be bothered to make food for myself. When i was 8, my cousin hung himself and wrote in his suicide note that i was one of his favourite people. Now, ive failed 2 courses in my first year of uni and my parents do not know, i do not know how to confront them because they are very traditional old fashioned parents who believe that failure is not an option. I do not know what i am going to do but i have been contemplating killing myself this month for the past 2 months or if not killing myself, running away to start a new life from scratch. I just dont see myself having a future going the path that i am right now but i have dug myself too deep that something will happen this month and that is guaranteed. I just hate being a failure and a disapointment to my parents because whenever i see the look in their eyes when they talk to other parents with kids the same age as me who are doing well in school and are smart, it kills me a little inside. My heart feels like its going to pound out of my chest and i can barely breath sometimes. I just dont know what to do...What i have wrote here is just the tip of the iceberg.If i was going to kill myself, i decided i was going to do it through sleeping pills. EDIT: I also have no friends that i can completely open up to because i am extremely scared of being judged.
Not sure if this helps anyone, but just in case! I live in Nicaragua, a small 3rd world country in the middle of central America,  it's beautiful, it's warm and it's cheap. If anyone is on their last straw and thinking of just ending it, I invite you to start a new life here. I can help with any needed help, I can get you a job that can get you started, he'll,  if you speak Spanish and know about rout distribution and logistics,  ill hire you myself. There is a huge American and European communities here that live a very basic backpackers life.So, maybe the laid back lifestyle of the tropics is for you.Ps. Tickets from the US ate about $250-300 on cheap flights.Ps. If you don't speak Spanish,  there are tons of cheap schools and the touristy areas of the country are somewhat bilingual... you will get along just well.
Lately I've been thinking about suicide more and more each day. Yesterday, mostly out of curiosity, I spent a good amount of time watching videos on LiveLeak of people dying and committing suicide, which has desensitized me a bit. I started thinking about suicide a lot about three weeks ago, shortly before starting my first antidepressant, Lexapro. Largely I feel tired of life; I'm tired of dragging myself out of bed to do things I have no interested in and I'm tired of living a life I see no future in. I'm certain this isn't the antidepressant as I felt this way before I started taking it.The first week on my antidepressant I felt like I wasn't my normal self. I felt spaced out, loopy, and was nauseous all the time. Now, about three weeks later, I feel exactly the same as I did before I started taking it. It took me so long to cave into antidepressants. It was always something in the back of my pocket as a last resort, but now that I feel no different I'm starting to lose hope in ever feeling better. I don't want to live the rest of my life feeling this way.  I know that there are alternative antidepressants, and it's something I will look into in the future, but I'm just being honest here with my thoughts.Tuesday I have an appointment to see a psychiatrist for the first time. I have been seeing the psychologist at my university for just under a year, but she isn't meant to be a long-term solution. It will be beneficial to have someone to monitor my medication and possibly alter my prescription as needed. I haven't opened up to my current therapist about these feelings, and I know they are going to have me take an evaluation, but I don't know how much of the honest truth to put on there. I'm not scared for my own safety, but it's so painful feeling this way all the time and I want help so bad.I'm a semester away from graduating college, and I've already prolonged graduating by two years due to transferring and financial reasons, so I don't want to put it off any longer. I'm afraid if I say I'm having suicidal thoughts that I could possibly jeopardize my school and/or work situation. I know people tend to say "You have to ignore all that and do what's best for yourself," but I feel like that's so much to risk. Plus I feel like school contributes to my depression by overwhelming me, so in my mind the sooner I'm out the better.Ugh, I don't know I feel so broken :(
I've been suicidal since I was 4, due to abuse from an outsider, and a terrible family home. My life has been one horrible thing after another despite my trying. I have worked hard, avoided drugs and alcohol, and always tried to do the right thing but life just throws back a big FUCK YOU. I'm almost 30. I know some people have it worse than me, of course, but I'm even powerless to help them. I'm living in poverty and depression with no way out. I've tried every type of therapy, hypnosis, medication, hospital stays, psychiatrists, psychologists.. bladebla... you guys know about it I'm sure.So, I'm  done for good. Enough is enough. My only consideration is maybe to try ECT to get rid of all the crap in my past life, and start a Hereafter. But I can't do that without forgetting the rest.No, I'm not open to cannabis. I know that helps some people kill memory. No thanks.Has anyone ever heard of ECT successfully helping anyone? 
I'm finished with everything. Life is meaningless, and awful. Every day is shrouded with darkness, I have been selfless all my life and finally I am going to do something for myself and end it.
i've tried to start this fucking post now like 10 times and i figure the best way to do it is to fire imformation like at you like out of a shotgun, if you're reading this i'm sorry i can't be clearer.i'm on the edge, i'm 19 and i live in England, never worked a day in my life, attempted college twice and got kicked out both times, it's been a long time since that but i think that's primarily the reason i'm where i am.I don't have friends, actually i do sort of, 2 friends that were part of the bigger social circle i was among in secndary school come to my house to smoke weed with me but that's all.Had relationships, both lasted years but are long over now.No interests or skills beyond shit like games and movies and what everyone enjoys.i'm overweight and undesirable.just think of the most generic story of an underacheiver you can and that's me.Had my clashes with existentialism and whatever, came up with the idea of being happy and living in the moment, both are impossible currently.i don't know what i'm doing here on this website, but yeah that's me, if you've got some movies with good messages or music i'd love to get links, i'm super susceptable to that stuff.apologies for spelling, in a rush.
It's not. I'm sober. I have my family back. I'm getting the treatment I need and have been in therapy for almost four months and I completely understand everything going on with me mentally. I've been completely honest this time. I'm doing everything right and I've even got a perfect loving supportive group of people who are everything I could possibly ask for. I have literally no reason to be unhappy. If I ask myself why I'm not happy I can even answer the question. I'm growing paranoid. My anxiety is suffocating me. My depression has changed an I know what's wrong with me, though for some reason the doctors refuse to see the symptoms for what they are. They aren't definite yet. They've been regressing the whole time even though I have been learning more coping tools and mechanisms everyday. The problem isn't with my ability or willingness to apply the tools I'm learning, it's that they're treating me for bipolar when I'm a schizophrenic and for some reason now of the doctors can agree on a treatment plan so I'm left with nothing to help me except my own mind. Which I'm literally drowning in every second of every day. And no one in my life has a fucking idea just how bad I've gotten. I'm not the only one telling myself that there's something wrong with me, but I'm the only one telling me that there's something wrong with me. If I hurt myself I don't even know if it counts as suicide at this point 
Ive been there. Ive had the blades in hand, or my foot pressed hard against the pedal, or the jug of whatever in front of me. Ive been back to that dark place so many times and always take a step back to find nothing.I keep hearing the lines It gets better or X religion/hobby/musical helped me or just get a pet. But I dont see it. I cant seem to understand how so much can be right with other people and not me. I dont know how to get from putting my gun back in its case to being someone who I can look eye to eye with in the mirror. I must be doing something wrong if I have nothing left and no longer flinch at the idea of something out of my control ending things for me. So my question is simply; How do you recover from being at deaths door?
I've always been extremely apathetic of everything, never able to find joy in much. always been heavily medicated for ADHD or an antidepressants that didn't work. about a year ago i met a guy, a guy that i cared about in a way i never cared for anyone else, he made me feel joy and gave me a reason to work hard. most of all he made me care about myself and want to be a better person. I was involved in a three way relationship with him and his old boyfriend, we got really serious to the point of him telling me many times that he loved me, until one day he said it was a mistake and that its over. since then weve remained unsteady friends. Since tyhen i havnt been able to find joy in anything, my old hobbies, old sites, even sex is now unfulfilling. I dont think like i used to, im always thinking about him and ive become a much worse person because of it. When he left me all my joy in the world and my purpose left with him. im no longer apathetic just continuously tired and sad and hurt and angry, i want it to end. We got in a fight recently because i got drunk and pointed his gun at my head, i laughed it off as a joke but for the past few months ive wanted nothing more than to buy a gun and blow my own brains out, feeling nothing was better than feeling like this. And to all those that tell me to leave him, to stop being his friend and being there for him, i can't.
I want to swallow a bottle of pills and not wake up. Unfortunately, the only thing I found is 700mg of Wellbutrin. Most likely not enough to kill me, even with alcohol. Considered cutting my wrists but the only damn thing sharp enough (a razor blade) isn't sharp. My life is so fucked up, that ending my life is getting fucked up...
I'm done with trying to reach out to people. I'm completely ready to slip into my own death. The only thing giving me hesitation is deciding whether or not to leave a note. The only people this will affect are my landlord and employer, not sure they're owed closure. Other than that it's just a countdown to the day I go. Should I leave something just so they know it wasn't accidental?
After hanging out with a friend, I had a mental breakdown. And it was the worst feeling I've ever had in my life. I literally couldn't think rational thoughts; I was in despair and my entire family was confused and worried about me.I'm lonely. I'm tired. I'm sad. I don't want to live anymore. I just want to grab a knife and dig it in my chest so I can die, but I can't. I don't want to ruin my family's life. I'm in a dilemma. I'll never be happy, but I can't die knowing I let everyone down.
I can't help but think, maybe if I killed myself I'd be reincarnated as a person who can more adequately handle things, or be reincarnated into an alternate universe in which I fit in and am ok.I suffer from severe anxiety. Everything is exhausting. I hate being in public, I hate class, I hate people, I hate driving, I hate everything about existing in society. Just recently I learned how to drive on the interstate. I need my boyfriend to go with me everywhere because I hate being alone. I cling onto his shirt in the grocery store like a child and it's so embarrassing but I can't function. I have like 2 friends that I've known since childhood and I can't make friends because I'm terrified to talk to people.I feel like such a burden...I'm extremely clumsy as a result of anxiety related lack of focus and because of my really bad eyesight that is only getting worse (that I've always been embarrassed about) and I break and spill everything. Fortunately my boyfriend is very patient with me, and very gentle, but I know I drag him down and I am a burden to him, regardless of how much he insists that I'm not.I'm just not meant to be alive. I can't help but feel like I should have been a miscarriage or something. I'm too sensitive to exist and I am so fucking tired all I want is to just die
I just need to vent right now cause this has been the shittiest week of my life and I am at my wits end after this message. Basically there is a certain person who doesn't like me at my job. He told my friend that im weird, not pleasant to work with, and to go fuck myself. I complain to my boss about this, my boss tells my co worker to leave me alone, and he quits. Ok got an angry message from him telling me that im a lying piece of shit, he tells me I'm awkward and i don't understand social cues, and just everything about myself im painfully self aware of and i feel like shit. Over the past week I've been dealing with a lot of people trying to shoot my self esteem down and its worked. Its been like this my entire life. I want to kill myself. What's the point of living if you can't even do something as simple as make friends? I've felt pretty worthless my entire life and i just don't know if i can do this. I tried to kill myself back in February last year and i wish i succeeded.  I know i have people that love and care about me but I feel like many  people hate me. I just hate myself.  I hate feeling depressed all the time I hate living. 
I think this will explain pretty well why people are so against suicide and euthanasia in most cases. only people who understand will not bash those who have ended their suffering.
The past year of my life I've been pretty depressed (I don't want to diagnose my self with depression). I do plan to get professional help but there is something holding me back from doing so and I don't know what.I really like to make other people happy. I joke around a lot and try to go out of my way to make people smile.  If they are down, I'll do something small to try to cheer them up. (Eg. I had a friend who was upset she was dropping her math course so I went out and bought her a tea and made her a card saying everything will turn out.) In my adventure of trying to make others smile, I've kinda been labeled the funny one.I guess I'm kinda rambling, I did just find this subreddit and wanted to post my story. The main issue is I'm depressed, I have bad thoughts, and I don't know If I want to tell my loved ones.
I said some terrible things to some people and I just have this feeling like its too far gone for me. Idk what else to do. Ive apologized to them..but the damage is done. I literally will just have to kill myself
I really just don't know what to do anymore. Every single day feels like the same bullshit on repeat. I wake up jobless, full of anxiety, failing nearly all my classes, just dreading having to get out of bed and deal with the world. My girlfriend, one of the only people I live for at this point and the only woman I've ever truly loved, doesn't love me back anymore. She told me herself that she holds nothing but resentment for me. I don't even blame her. I don't think I'd be with myself. A jobless, ugly, inconsiderate piece of shit. That's all I am. My friends left, my girlfriend resents me, I have no future. She doesn't want me, and frankly I don't think anybody wants me around. I promise her I'll change when I fuck up, but somehow, someway, I manage to fuck it up worse. I wish I could end it quietly and fast. I'm on the edge right now. I've set a date and a time. I wish I could do it every day but every time I try I puss out and end up sobbing on the floor. Only thinking of what it would do to my family fills me with guilt for even feeling this way. Wanting to die makes me want to die more. I wish I loved life, I wish I was happy, but I just don't see it happening. I don't see the point. I have no job, no plans, no goals for life. Every single thing I've ever dreamed of doing is hopeless, pointless, and impossible. I always hope that fate will catch up and I'll die in some car accident or get struck by lightning but what are the odds? one in one million? Every single thing I do or say seems to cause nothing but problems and pain. I want to stop being what I am. I'm ready to end it. I have my noose in my closet ready, I'm waiting for nothing but myself

i only experience negative emotions, hate anger helplessness lonliness. Etc I forgot what it's like to be happy for real. I hate faking a smile 8 hours a day 5 days a week. I'm drinking half a bottle of whiskey every night before bed, I guess I have a new addiction. I can't see these feelings leaving me anytime soon.. so I'm gonna have the last laugh this time. I'm gonna win this game
This has been going on for years and the last few months have been too much. I lost my partner, my place in uni, all my friends have bailed and I have pulled my family apart. I hurt the person I loved most and he is making himself sick with worry every day, even if we aren't together.I tried almost five weeks ago and panicked but now, knowing that 2017 begins with no uni, job, or means to pay for my flat or car, I am finally ready. I have wrote out many notes and gathered all my important documents and left detailed instructions and pieces of information to make it easier after I pass.Admittedly I tried early to hang myself blacked out but came too clawing at my neck. Since then I have had a a headache at the front and back of the right hand side of my head that is not going away because I probably fucked my neck with carotid artery suppression etc.So right now I have my "tools"at hand I am as ready as I'll ever be. I am a burden, a nuisance, and people who loved me say things like "get rid of her" and "done with you" so I am too. It will be for their benefit eventually because there will be relief. I have suffered for a long time and I will finally be at peace.Thanks for listening one last time, reddit. I tried speaking to hotlines and CPN's and even my ex and my best friend but sometimes you need the anonymity of the internet to be at peace with it.Night night friends x
I just. It's too much.I found out my husband told his brother he wants to divorce me.He's been hiding money. Lying. Having at the very least an emotional affair with a coworker. My autistic daughter is acting out. My 11 year old daughter is going through puberty. I'm in a major depressive episode. I have ulcers and I'm just in pain all the time. The one person who I want to love me who I want to please seems completely unfulfilled being with me.I just want to fall asleep and never wake up. I don't have a gun so I can't do that. I have always pussed out with cutting myself. I never get a free fucking moment alone with the car so that won't work. I don't want to traumatize my kids with a mess. Basically the only thing holding me back at this point is that I don't want to ruin their Christmas and I can't figure out how to do it in a way that's not going to make their home into the scene of a death.I just. I can't do it anymore. I'm supposed to start with a new pdoc soon and I just don't even know if I can do it. I hate me. I know that deep down everyone around me must hate me too. There is nothing about me worth saving.
I am in a loving relationship and overall my life is good, but I am plagued by suicidal thoughts because of this fear. Also, I really want children, but I don't want to bring babies into the world only to have them starve. 
Sometimes you just have nothing left in your life.nothing to hold onto.You lose all your hope.What is keeping you alive?
I really can't function anymore, I'm constantly thinking on my failures. I wish I hadn't told an acquaintance of mine about my self harm/ suicidal thoughts, now it seems they won't talk to me anymore. I can't find a single other person with any similar interests to talk to, I want to try to talk to someone else but I have to isolate myself because I feel so worthless. I just feel my desires are so pathetic and that I don't have any real problems.
I'm 32 years old, and I can't come up with any good, sound reason why I should continue on with my life. I haven't seriously contemplated suicide, just vaguely - about what the aftermath of it would be.On the surface, I come off as a very happy, relaxed, successful guy. I'm a very private person, and share very little about my personal life - even to family.I've never felt so alone at any point in my life as I do right now. I don't feel like I have any value. As a person, as an employee...as a brother, as a son, as an uncle. I always feel like I'm less than everyone else. Nothing I do is ever good enough. Everything I try to accomplish, I fail to or it's not up to what I perceive as acceptable.This has really only started to hit me in the last few weeks. It's gotten pretty bad. I have high functioning anxiety, as well. I'm really good at looking like my life is put together, and I'm doing really well - and for the most part, I am. I have a good job, nice car, nice things. But I'm not happy, at all. I criticize EVERY single thing I do. I find faults in every choice I make. I'm never happy with the outcome of anything, whether it's from something at work, to something as trivial as a video game.I was hanging out with my brother all day, yet when I got home, the first thing I did was just sat in my room staring blankly at my computer screen, motionless, for half an hour wondering why the fuck I even do this anymore. I don't know why I put up with it.I ran the scenario through my head what everyone's reaction would be if I were to end it, and I felt literally nothing until I imagined my mother getting that phone call and the her feeling like her heart had been ripped out. I was picturing her face, and her reaction and I just cried so hard I could barely breathe. My heart dropped just thinking about it.I think that is the one thing that is preventing me from doing anything. I could never in a million years put my mom through this. Everything she's done for me, I would feel like the worst human being ever. I'm the only one of her sons that calls her weekly to see how she's doing. My mom has been through a lot.I just don't know...I needed to vent. I have no one I know personally that I could trust to say this to, and not be judged or have it 'get out'..so I'm throwing it on here. Just feel like I have no one to talk to.
im turning eighteen in three months and i? really dont know how to deal with it. i feel severely emotionally and mentally stunted, currently have no friends irl and no idea how to nake them and a dwinsling lack of social circle online. im am generally at aloss of what im supposed to do after i turn eighteen and am contemplating suicide more and more even though i just overdosed last tuesday
Deleted
Iv posted on this Reddit before saying I was thinking of killing my self and I'm really great full that you guys talked me out of it the last two times but iv never been more sure that tonight I will kill myself. I'm only posting hoping someone that knows me will come across it or maybe just to leave a last goodbye. But thank you all stay strong and please do better than me  
I've never written any post in here, actually, this is the first time I put my thoughts out of my head.I've been thinking for a long time about this. My existence makes no sense, depression is killing me, and I wish it was literally. I have no friends, my family is just broken shards pretending to be a happy family and I'm a mess. I don't do anything right, I'm an idiot, hypocritical, good for nothing and egoist person.I just can't with all these things, I think it would be better if I just die. My family would be better without an horrible person like me.I've hurt so many people, and sometimes it was because i wanted, I knew what I was doing and i kept hurting them. And hurting myself.I'm so done with life. I'm full of self-hate, regret and sadness... I feel I'm not making any sense with all these words. Anyway, maybe this helps me get things clear. I just wanna die, I've tried to but even in that I've stupidly failed. If only I could tell someone to please, please kill me. Please.
Hello.. The time has come and I am lonely enough to seek for support here - on reddit.I don't even know how I got onto this sub, I typed suicide in the search bar and now I am here.I've gone mad, I feel like one of those people you see in movies, who went crazy and seek blood, murder and revenge.I tried sleeping and found myself suddenly wake up with my mind full of thoughts like: I have to kill someone, I want to be in prison, I want to prove everyone I am not scared of them, I want them to understand what I am going through every single fucking useless day of my "life", if it is even sane to say so. How do I escape thoughts about killing someone and then comitting a suicide? Why do I always see people around being all so positive, people who never experience what I do? WHO THE FUCK THOUGHT MY BIRTH WAS A GOOD IDEA AT THE FIRST PLACE? Nothing I've done in my life has ever made someone happy. Not even my family. Never got support from them no matter what happened, because I am always the one who is guilty. If something bad happens on this world - guess who is responsible for that? You guessed right - me of course.This is probably my first and last time posting here. I already feel a little bit better after writing this. I even consider deleting all this text, but something tells me to leave it hanging there. And whoever got so far - Thank you. I wish you have a beautiful life in future and now, never forget you are actually worth something unlike me. I am just a waste of human dna
I fantasize about killing myself at least a couple times a day. The thoughts get increasingly longer and more detailed. My life isn't as bad as it has been. I'm a recovering alcoholic/drug addict and still struggle with an eating disorder. I have a good job and some friends and a good family. (I'm single though). Everyday is a battle and I feel like every situation is fight or flight, life and death. I'm exhausted. Sleeping doesn't provide much relief, my dreams are more fucked up than real life and I wake up feeling dazed and freaked out. Suicide is becoming an increasingly attractive solution. Are these thoughts normal? I don't seem to have much control over them and they creep up and I can't seem to shake them. When is it time to seek help? My life has been way worse so I feel even more stupid. I'd appreciate any feedback. Thank you. 
By temporary I mean something that will hurt myself enough to spend a couple of nights in hospital.I have 14 to last me until January.I can't cover rent this month. I'm 200 down.I'm on the edge of losing my job. I have university deadlines coming up and I can't bring myself to do work on a  subject I love. It took 5 hours to get out of bed and wash myself.My boyfriend is angry at me because I can't turn round and tell him 'hey, I'd like to get hit by a car to escape life for a week or so'My prescription for depression was increased but I can't afford it. A coma would be nice.
So I've been depressed for three, four years now. At first it was existential, you know, why are we here and all that stuff. but now my life just suck. Ever since I got depressed my life just got deeper and deeper in a hole of depression. I lost all my friends. I stopped going to school. My girlfriend got so tired of me she broke up with me. And I just got fired from my job, about an hour ago to be exact. My family practically doesn't exist. I have nothing now. Why bother when no one's even gonna notice if I'm missing. I'm crying in the bus now. I know I'm young (18) and I have time to improve but it just hurts so much. I'm seriously considering suicide this time. I've thought about it before but it was never this serious. Sorry if this post is messy/everywhere. I'm just writing whatever comes into my head.
I have no purpose. I have no friends. I don't know if I ever in my life been happy . I have just tugged along. Sid stuff. Cause u have to so stuff in life right.Why is it so wrong to end your life when u feel u ain't getting anything out of it? Yes the family will cry etc. But I won't have any other impact that that. I have cried everyday for the last year trying to get myself just a little bit happy without faking it . I can get out of bed and make robotic sandwiches and eat  robotcly and get through a day in that manor but in the end what is the purpose . I've been thinking a long time about doing it . Guess it's just to figure out which way to do it //M34
Ever since middle school & early high school, I've had severe OCD & intrusive thoughts. But nowadays it just feels like more of a suppressed, hidden anxiety.To this day, I can't stop checking things before I go to bed. I can't use the toilet without being afraid of spreading something. I can't put away my laptop without the fear that it'll burst into flames and kill me in my sleep.I'm always out of words whenever I try to talk about it. And whenever I do attempt to tell somebody, it sounds pathetic and almost delusional.I used to have a religious counselor in the past, but they just made it even worse for me.I then got a professional, non-religious therapist, but it was impossible to talk about it because it felt like my tongue was suddenly missing.I can't afford another therapist anymore. My family doesn't have the money or patience like they used to. I don't know when I became such a needy worrywart.I've been thinking that swallowing all the morning medication next to my bed might be a good idea. I feel like I'm too much of a burden on my family at this point.
I don't what too do anymore, I was molested as a child, I was physically and mentally abused. Now I'm constantly depressed and in pain (got a back injury while being beat). My fiance and mother won't tall about it with me, I brought it up to my fiance and she said really do we have to do this now? I'm just sooooo done, I don't know what to do I don't want to live but I care too much for my family.I just dont think I'm built for this world.
Heard of this sub today, so I might just give it a try.I don't really know where to begin. I've been really down for the past 5 years atleast, never wanted to seek help, thought that it wasn't that bad and that it was only me and my mind that was weak, if I only put more effort into being happy I would eventually become just that, happy. A year ago I realized that it wasn't going to get better by itself. I started therapy and broke up with my long term SO to focus on my self. Now a year later I've started with antideppresants as I got sent to a doctor for my troubles. Have used them for a couple of months, feeling slightly better, atleast I have more energy than before even if my mind is in the same place.Today I really felt like I could end it. Since the morning there has been this buzzing in my head, buzzing with self hatred. I've come so far since last year when I took the step to start therapy, to start the road to getting better. And yet I feel even worse today than I've done in a long time. Maybe I shouldn't put such a focus on one bad day, I've had really bad days before, but it's frightening me to find these emotions inside of me, these thoughts more alive than ever. Often times I just feel nothing, sometimes I long for feeling something even if it's anger or despair, but I can't handle this buzzing head. I can't focus, I can't figure out why it is there. I just feel worthless, I feel like I have failed everything I've set out to do, like there is no one in this world who loves me even though I know these things not to be true. But I can't convince myself that I'm a good human being, or even that I am a human being on the inside. Like I'm faking.I don't feel like a person, I feel like I've crafted this veil which lies over me, never letting anything of myself glimse out. I don't even know who I am anymore, what do I like and what do I stand for? I don't know, it feels like the person I am today is a carefully crafted lie not for other people but to myself. I've come so far but yet I feel like a failure, like I haven't accomplished anything in life when in reality I've succeeded with the things I've chosen to pursuit. But I feel like a failure and I am so scared for when I actually fail, when something doesn't pan out like I want it to and when I lose control. Have a hard time catching up with people, simply because I can't control their response, and I get so anxious about that, I can fail without doing anything wrong, they can think I'm weird or said something inappropiate. I know I should not feel that way, but I do. Therefor I try to avoid conversations with people, because if I don't have them no one can judge me or think I said something wrong. And sometimes I believe I isolate myself so that when I can't handle it anymore there isn't anyone around to suffer. This just became a rant, but I just needed to get my thoughts out somewhere, but if you read this far thanks for reading. English is not my first language so there may be some errors in the text. 
Im doing this on my main account mostly because I just don't give a fuck anymore. My suicidal thoughts are getting worse. So much so they've gone beyond thoughts into planning. Ive been recently put on Seroquil for Bipolar Depression and Ativan for PTSD/Anxiety. I just feel like its gotten worse, not better. Ive experienced too much trauma to feel like a normal person. I just want out. 
I took some pills. It's probably not enough, I'm not sure, I might die, I may not, but I took some pills again after yesterday's suicide attempt failed. I wrote two suicide notes in my diary and I'm in my bed wondering whether or not I should have done this. Shouldn't I be dead by now? My life is shitty. I'm only a teen, it may get better, but it's shitty right NOW and I'm mentally weak so I succumbed to my depression. It might  seem dumb, but I have body issues and serious insecurities about my teeth. Thinking about living another day while being freakishly thin and having buck teeth (I have a SERIOUS overbite. It's very serious. I'm too poor to afford braces, either. ) drives me even more suicidal. i have 0 friends. I used to not care, but after entering high school and seeing everyone with friends to hang out with and text and my sister having fun with her friends makes me... jealous. I try making friends. Sometimes I do, but i have a boring personality and it drives people away and no one ever responds to my requests to hang out or straight up ignores me. I'm a friendless, ugly girl. I'm poor and my dad's in prison and we live with my drunken aunt who told me to kill myself and her boyfriend who always stares at us and gossips about us and talks shit about us. It's a cramped apartment. I feel like dying. I don't know what's the point of posting this. I already toook the pills. I just want someone to tell me it'll get better. genuinely. I don't know. bye i guess
I am 32, living with my dad because I have no money. I have a career that doesn't give me a good salary. My brother lives here too but he doesn't work. He has hated me since I was born because I am like a competitor for him. My mom is out of the picture. My whole life Had suffered from violence from my mother and my dad never did anything. Now my brother took that role and is extremely violent. My dad just told me I should go. I don't have family or friends or partner where to go. I have been thinking about committing suicide a long time ago but today I can see it as an only option. I have 50 usd and like 4000 in debt. What are the other options besides killing myself?
There's no point to life, no point in staying. I don't want to do this anymore.I work at a 30+ story building, jumping off the roof would be sure freedom.
I have come to a strange conclusion and I just want to put this somewhere. It will most likely come out as a rambling mess that no one should actually read.Suicide, voluntary self destruction, is not a destination. As in, it is not the desired outcome. Many of us here know, suicide is a tough decision to make. It is a terrible few that choose to make that final journey into death.Death and suicide are only the means to an end. The desired outcome, the destination is peace. Many of us that post here are simply searching for a shelter from the storm of negativity in our lives. Any scream of the world being better of could most likely be reduced to a search for inner peace.For anyone worried about myself, I am fine for now.
My friend has been dealing with depression for a long time now.  He has been diagnosed with depression, OCD, and Agoraphobia.  The combination of these things has made keeping a stable job difficult for him for a while now so he is constantly broke.  He currently lives with his mother which makes him miserable.  He is from a traditional Polish family which has from what I understand not been supportive of him.  His grandfather is the most supportive of him but he has recently been diagnosed with cancer.  His father divorced him mother when he was young and started a new family elsewhere so he's not really there for him.  His mother has been making him miserable telling him he should just kill himself.  She is an alcoholic and recently caught one of his other friends sleeping with her.  I currently live across the country and am trying my best to support him from a distance but I don't really know what to do.  He has become dependent on the medication that he received for his depression.  I think he is less dependent now than before but I'm not sure.  He has become a bit of an alcoholic but doesn't have the money to support his addiction.He has tried to kill him self many times.  He has cut his wrists and tried to overdose on his medication several times and it amazes him that he is still alive.  I have sent him small amounts of money occasionally to help him out.  I know that it's not really helping him but just giving him money but I'm not really sure how else to help him.  I know he feels ashamed of receiving assistance from me.  I don't know any of his new friends and frankly I think they either don't care about him.  Any of the friends who actually cared have been pushed away by him.  The only friend I know he can rely on is a friend from high school who has done her best.  But the stress of having to constantly be there for him is taxing her.  She is going through things in her own life and as she describes it their relationship is no longer healthy.  She has done more for him than anyone else and I have encouraged her to put some distance since she is no longer able to help.  His girlfriends have not helped his situation either.  He recently discovered that his girlfriend has been cheating on him.  The one before that encouraged him to self harm with her.  She broke up with him and not long afterwards killed herself after speaking with him over the phone.  He has been seeking out people who is in a similar situation to himself and it certainly hasn't been helping.Him not having a job and having to go to the hospital so many times due to hurting himself has put him into debt.  How much I don't know.He texted me two days ago thanking me for everything I had done for him and that he was finally going to end it.  He said not to call the police because he would slit his throat before they got through the door.  I immediately texted him back saying that I was going to call and that he owed me enough to answer and talk to me.  This was all around 4 a.m.  I told him to just get away from his problems and just take a plane ticket to wherever he wants to go and start a new life there.  He told me he can't do it because he has no money.  I offered to buy him a plane ticket and give him $500 to at least get where he wanted.  After pressuring him and trying to give him hope he said he would give it a shot the next day after getting some sleep.  However, he didn't end up making the flight in time and after putting in some thought he decided to stay until the 8th when he has a court day for charges related to marijuana and use the time to make some plans.  While I'm supportive of this his depression makes it difficult for him to put in the time to make a plan for the new city.I found out today that he had tried to kill himself again.  He had cut his wrists and has refused to go to the hospital for stitches because he said he would be held there for two weeks.  The cuts look really bad but he says they have stopped bleeding.  I'm trying my best to keep his hopes up but I just don't know what else I can do.  I know he needs professional help but he doesn't have the money and the help he has gotten in the past didn't do him much good.  I made him promise to call me before he hurts himself again and telling him that while things won't be easy he just needs to hold out to leave and start a completely new life elsewhere.Any advice you can provide would be greatly appreciated.  Thank you in advance.
My gift to myself is to finally end my pain. It's a good thing no one remembered so I can at least leave peacefully.
I'm almost 30. Friends/Family have been leaving, one way or another. Point is, I'm pretty much all alone. I struggle every single day and don't know what to do anymore. I'm just tired. Tired of everything. I don't know what else to do...
It's about to be 4 months since he has passed. I don't have anyone to express my feelings with but here. I have a lot of passion to accomplish things but it is so hard. I've never had to experience a death of someone I had loved in my life ever. I've never had pet die, the closest I had was my step grandfather. I'm halfway through my sophomore year in high school and I have fallen off mentally. I have good grades, I'm in great shape for track this  coming spring but there's still a void inside of me. I've cut off relationships with my friends and potential girlfriends because of this. I haven't allowed anyone in my life. The only thing that has kept me going and keeping from crying is to let him know that I am strong. I have no one to talk to, I've only had a few people like a counselor from my school and one or two very close friends that have reached out to me but I refuse to talk to my closest friends about it because I don't want them to look at me as someone needy or a victim and I don't want to go to the counsellor at my school bc my schedule is already full during the weekday. It's days like this where I'm taking a rest day off of running and not having school and being home alone that I have a lot of time to ponder about my father. It really bothers me. I don't know how to feel.
So I don't have health insurance and limited income for the next several years,  due to being in a graduate program. But I feel like I am getting more unstable.  I've never been happy,  but at least able to keep busy and not have to dwell on my thoughts.  But now it is worse,  I dread the weekends,  I usually lay in bed the entire weekend without eating or anything else. I fantasize about different ways to kill myself.  I have a constant throbbing in my throat ,  and feelings of dread.  But no external events cause it,  it's like the feeling of seeing your dog get run over by a car,  except all day long and for no reason. 
I suffer from extreme anxiety and self-doubt, and my friend recommended getting some sort of pet because of all of the mental health benefits... I went to bird shelter today and this one green one came right up to me in his cage and I felt myself smiling automatically because... I don't know. This little creature liked me? I don't know. I just felt excited but I wont be able to take him for a while, but I'm nervous, what if somebody else takes him before I get the chance to get money and prepare? I don't know... 
Yeah I already decided.I am 16, guy, and I fucking hate everything. Last time I had a good day was about 3 years ago. I am in therapy because I have hallucinations, and my family thinks I have depression. I know I have depression. I have gone from shrink to shrink since I was 7. This last one which is the one I have stayed with the longest diagnosed me with Autism spectrum disorder. I am 100% sure I don't have that. I have told her that I am suicidal and shit but she doesn't do anything about it. Don't tell me to change psychiatrist or that it gets better cause they have told me that millions of times. My parents don't want me to take medicine regardless of me being obliged to take enough ritalin to kill a horse so I do good in school (I have such ADHD, that it doesn't even help me concentrate, and i take three times the dose given to me by my psychiatrist)Well thanks for reading.
I'm currently a student studying Psychology (pretty ironic). The work load is ridiculous, and it makes me overwhelmed all the time. This, coupled with the fact that I have anxiety and depression, basically make me feel like shit all the time.I end up putting my work off because I fear it, but when the deadline approaches, it's a mad scramble to get quality work done. Of course, the works I do end up being far from what I can produce.If I gave no fucks, that would still be okay. However, my self-worth is based very much off my grades.This, along with other stresses in life, make me constantly fantasize about committing suicide. While I (probably) would never do so, it doesn't stop me from thinking about how great it would be to be dead.It's reached the point where I say "I'm gonna kill myself lmao" several times a day. While this phrase is used by a joke by many people, I am actually half-serious every time I say it.It's so tiring to feel this way all the time.
think of it this way, right now someones dying, and they desperately would much rather live, maybe cuz of family, friends or the close loved ones, heck even for something they love doing. If i even think about dying, i can imagine those people turning to me and say "why dont you walk away from it then? why dont you start new? you got the choice to do it, why dont you, i dont have a choice in escaping my death, you do"      thats the real question, we think our lives is going downhill and we cant walk away from it, but we have that choice, a person with a illness that may lead to death doesnt. just think things through, and realise you have a choice to do something when others dont. And just be grateful you have that choice, not everyone in this world does
Using my throwaway since others know my main account. I hit rock bottom the other night after struggling with depression for 8 years. I've literally just been crying on and all for the past few days. The other night, I was ready to die, and I almost went through with it. I had the pills ready, I was so close. But I'm too much of a coward and couldn't do it. But ever since that night, the urge to end it has grown and I don't know when that will be but it's soon. I've declined physically and mentally in a matter of weeks and I'm just stuck in this hole with no one around to pull me out. You know what's sad about this too? I live in a house full of 6 people, go to college 4 times a week, and speak to my parents daily... yet no one has even noticed. I'm literally struggling in silence and no one else can see that. I want help, but I'm too scared to reach out. I don't want to be looked out as some crazy person who needs to be institutionalized, so I just put on the act everyday of how I'm such a funny, cheerful, giddy person. But I can't anymore. I'm finally falling apart after 8 years of holding it together. I'm not sleeping, not eating, feel fatigued and hopeless... yesterday I was so mentally and physically out of it that I almost passed out. I have no desire or motivation to do anything. I honestly wish someone would just come up and shoot me just to put me out of my misery.I guess the only reason I tried hanging on was because of my parents. They've put their lives and souls into raising me. I was born with brittle bone disease so medically, I was fucked from the beginning. I've gone through 3-4 dozen broken bones, 2 dozen+ surgeries, and just this year, I broke my femur. That has led to my downfall. I realized that I will never get better, I will only continue to decline. My health, mentally and physically, will never be normal or okay. I'm done trying... I've only stayed strong for so long for my family but it's time I start thinking about myself. You know, I started feeling this way after maybe the 14th major surgery of mine. I would put on a smile and cheerful attitude telling my family I would be alright, but secretly, I was hoping for this to be my time. I was HOPING to not wake up and to die peacefully during surgery. I was 16 when I had this thought, and more suicidal thoughts began taking place. I've never been so sure before until now. I have nothing to prove to anyone, nothing to bring to society. I've put harmful amounts of stress on my parents just by being born with the disease I have. I wish I could go back in time and make them terminate the pregnancy so I was never even a possibility. They deserved better. They didn't deserve me as a medical fuck up, depressed little bitch of a daughter. I hate myself for what I've put them through. I hate what I've gone through. I think this is the only solution.  
My grades are terrible. Truly terrible. My mom was born dirt poor and worked incredibly hard to give me (and before the divorce, my dad and sister) a comfortable, happy life. We always had food, toys, school, and almost always had a nice big yard to play in. She went from the bottom to the top and is one of the few examples of that.When I was little, I was always in the smart programs. Gifted learner program. Gifted learner school later. Accelerated classes always. I grew up with my mom and dad telling me I'm smart. I'm good at troubleshooting computers. I like tinkering with software. Those are things I do.But as soon as I got to high school, everything changed. Maybe the change happened before high school, after I was severely suicidal after a major family trauma (which may have given me PTSD, according to one doctor's scan (again, a doctor paid for by my mom's hard work)). I just can't focus. My attention span is literally about 45 seconds or less. I can't take notes in class. Nothing makes sense. My test grades are awful. I can never make myself work until it's 12am and my mom is urging me to go to bed. Sometimes I just skip classes. I sleep 4 hours a night on average now. I'm falling asleep in every class, but even if I weren't I wouldn't be able to focus long enough anyways. I actually think I might have ADHD, but I'm not sure, and these days doctors think teenagers just want Adderall if they say they think they have ADHD, so nobody would take me seriously if I did talk to my doctor. I spend half my night sleeping, and the other half online. Sometimes I just don't do assignments. It takes me 5 minutes to read a page in a book, and compounding the fact that stuff like Dickens or similar, I would spend hours to complete my English credit.My memory is also completely shot. I had my teacher help tutor me after school after I failed her test. I don't remember anything other than a few point she gave from a 45 minute session. I just feel I'm letting my mom down. I'm doing the opposite of what she did. She rose beyond everything life threw at her (can't be too specific, but she was the first woman to do something very major in her field). Meanwhile, life has given me everything and I can't do anything. My brain is fried. I have no motivation, memory, or concentration. I want to purposely fail my classes just so I feel truly validated in killing myself for being a failure.My mom was dirt poor and got into one of the best colleges in the region. What good school will take someone with an F on their report card?I don't know when I'll do it. Maybe tonight, maybe next week, maybe next month. But I know for certain my cause of death will be suicide, I just haven't decided the details yet.
I am not depressed. I have no mental illnesses at all. But suicide is the only solution. I have done all I can do and no one is going to tell the truth. There is no other way to be free from this hell. There is a more detailed note in the memo app on my phone which I know many of you have already read. I just don't understand why. And it killed me.
I've come to realise that depression is an incredibly hypocritical illness. I want to talk to someone, yet I simultaneously want to curl up in my shell even if that makes the pain worse.After months and years of dealing with the urge to commit suicide, I've fully accepted on a logical level that this isn't rational, and yet it's the one act I yearn to do.I reach out for help like this, and yet I'm fearful of social interaction itself.Help me. I'm just so confused and overwhelmed, despite this being the millionth time I've gone through this.
I am going through a really tough divorce due in part to my depression and I can't see any reason to love myself anymore. I am trying to get help, hold on and fight through the pain, but I'm so tired I don't think I can do it. I just want to die.
Let me open by saying that one of the two things that ever made me happy was skateboarding. It may seems shallow, but it's always felt like my calling, you know? Something about dangling my life by a thread has always been entrancing to me. I hate it. It's like I can't feel anything without knocking on deaths door and running away with a flaming bag of dog shit left on his welcoming  rug. All my life I've chased adrenaline like that, I'm pretty sure it started when I almost drowned at 5 years old, sorta like how fetishes can be tied to childhood events. Anyway, that would all be fine and good if it weren't for the massive amount of head trauma I've endured over the years, it's honestly disgusting. It's not exactly typical for your average skater kid, but I really value my brain and the way it goes about it's job. I like to be able to think about things in the way that I can. But the more I do the things I love the more I bang my scalp around and squander this gift. If I keep doing the things that make me happy  I'll essentially be retarded by the time I'm 40, if I make it that far. I'm not down with that. Why not leave now on my own terms instead of leaving it up to chance? Also, remember when I said that skateboarding was one of the *two* things that ever made me happy? Well the other stopped loving me around two months ago, which sorta caused everything else to crumble around me like a gluten free ginger bread house. I can't connect with any of my friends anymore, I kind of despise them in fact. The only way I can get to sleep anymore is by convincing myself I won't wake up in the morning. But enough dilly-dally, let me talk about the events of yesterday. Everything was at it's usual, if not a little more so, level of falling-apart-ness, so I decided to do the one thing that consistently forces me to have a good time, skate. I walked out, cruised over to the park, and instantly took one of the hardest falls I've ever taken in my life, which for me is no small statement to make. I probably wont walk for a good few weeks. Like fuck man, what else could've happened? It was perfect in a way. I'm pretty sure I concussed the fuck out of myself again and lost the few decent likable brain cells I had left. I hobbled home, bad idea btw, and lied down. It was after around two hours of dealing with two egregious types of pain that I decided it would be a good night to slit my wrists, the real way too, not the pussy ass side by side my side way. I got everything ready, fresh exacto blade and all. But before actually going at it I decided to send a late night text to the ex that pretty much started the whole thing for me. Not really a solid move on paper, but it felt amazing to talk to a real human being who didn't tell me all the same buzzwords and pretend to be sympathetic; she was probably even a little angry at me. My point is if you're ever on the edge and you have even a thought of texting or calling or sending a letter to Tom, or Mary, or Vlad or Percy or anyone please do it. I would't be writing this if I hadn't. Something about me just feels the need to pour my feelings into someone else. Also, this didn't happen 'last night.' It was like 10 minutes ago. I guess I'm just writing this because I want to talk a little more. Please don't bottle it all up inside you. You don't need to forget or block it out of your mind, just let someone else in on it. Two heads are better than one, if you will. Anyway, I don't even know what I hope to gain here, I might even still kill myself. I mean I'm in the same place with the same tools and the same fucked up brain. Fuck. I just wish I could talk to someone who doesn't give a fuck whether I live or die so I can look at things objectively. Anywho I'm sorry for the wall of text and I'm sorry for the unfortunate few of you who decided to read it. See you later.
Yesterday I was crying. It was a change from that numb emotion I've been experiencing for the last 10 days, so there was at least something different. I was trying to scream, but I couldn't. I had my mouth open, I was exhaling, but I wasn't making any noise. I was unable to throw these negative feelings out.There are still some periods of time when I'm feeling fine. However, the longer or better they are, the more depressed I feel afterwards. It feels like taking a loan from a loan shark - you have money for some time, but then you have to repay it with predatory interest. It has definitely been like this for 6 years (I'm 20 years old), maybe a bit more, and it's not getting better. I'm still alive only because of some coincidences and unlikely events, which made me try something for another few days or months, but I can't force myself to make any effort now. It's pointless to return to the same cycle, especially when it's more difficult and hopeless every time. For the last few years I constantly tried to make changes in my life, to try something else. It only made me stressed out and regretful, so I thought making no significant change for once would be better. It turns out that it doesn't make a difference which option I choose. I'm depressed because of the past and anxious about the future. I made a lot of mistakes and I have no idea how to improve anything. I'm angry at myself for failing to fulfill the expectations I set, even when they're not nearly as ambitious as they used to be.
Underachieving since 1st or 2nd grade, no idea how I got up to the 9th grade.Currently failing multiple subjects (even Russian, which is my first language, failing math aswell, I can't add/subtract/divide/multiply at all and it hurts), and I have exams after this grade which I have to pass in order to get out of this hellhole.But I'm sure I'll just downright fail both Russian and mathematics, if not all four (you have to pick two exams besides the main ones).The only reasons I'm still alive is because I can't raise my hand on myself and because of my online friends, who are the only positive thing in my life, and I'll probably never even meet them even though they're probably the only reason to live.Each day I'm closer to ending my suffering because nothing goes right and I'm stuck in this shitty country, without people who are dear to me. I constantly get streams of "It'll be fine" from my parents aswell, and it hurts.And even if I do pass the exams, I will still have 4 more years to study somewhere else and then probably get a job that I'll never be happy with.I just seek comfort by talking with people online and browse the internet in hope that I somehow at least pass exams.Excuse me for my English, if it's any bad.
There is no one that likes me. The person people like is covering up all her flaws with antidepressants and weed. Without drugs, there is not one person who likes or appreciates or loves me. I hate myself when I'm not on my drugs. Life is just too much. I have no motivation to do anything but sleep. So I just want to sleep forever. I have migraine medication that knocks me out. I'm planning on taking the rest of the bottle and sleeping forever. I'm sorry. But you didn't like me anyway. You liked lexapro, Prozac, and marijuana. Goodnight. 
I've had enough. 5 years of struggling with depression and nothing seems to get better. I'm a joke. I'm a disappointment on my family and my friends don't even invite me out. I guess I'm just a horrible person who doesn't deserve to live. The world would be better off without me, I don't have any importance here. I can't wait to end all of the pain.
Hello! Hope you are doing good today.So i just came across this subreddit and i found it quite good that so many people are taking the step of sharing their feelings here.As a very logical person, i've never been stuck in a depressive/suicidal state. Of course i feel shitty from time to time but i can get over it by rationalizing. I know that most of the people reading this will immediately think "ok then this guy doesn't get it at all". But hold on. Don't discredit everything i have to share. I think i have insight that can help alot of people.A few years ago i woke up thinking "what is my purpose in this universe?" and that really shook me. Maybe everything i do is just pointless. How can i be relevant if i'm only such a tiny tiny spec of dust in the middle of all of this?Well, it turns out that this thought process is fundamentally flawed. And here is why: Purpose is a concept made by humans right? Well if that is so, you can NEVER apply it in the context of the universe. You can't go like "i don't have purpose in this universe". Purpose is only relative to what effect you can have on your close environment. Purpose is a very restring concept.Thinking like this, i managed to quickly exit my cycle of "unealthy" thoughts. I think that really understanding and reflecting on this that i've just explained can help alot of people too.So after this new view of purpose adopted by me, the next question was: Well then, if purpose can only be applied in such a small context because it's a human made concept, what do i do with my life? That's simple. After realising that "purpose" is meaningless the key word or the "answer" to all the questions that arrise is **Logic**. If you stop a little bit to look arround, you will see that everything is brought about by logic. And this might be quite hard to fully grasp but it is the core of our reality. Here is an example in humans: Our feet have evolved in such a way that the tips our our toes are extremely sensitive and our heels have a thick layer of fat. This way we can easily walk arround with our heels to absorb impact and out toes to feel what we are stepping on. This might seem silly and obvious but think about it! It's logic taking action on our evolution. If standing up makes us more effective creatures, of course we will evolve in such a way facilitates that. So if logic is pushing to make us move forward and evolve, why would we go against it? The best thing we as humans can do is what has the most chance of making our species evolve. That's it.Everything that i've found to be he most logical to do to improve your own well being and mental/logical skills: *working out, *eating healthy,*meditating. And then using the mental clarity and the well being that comes with being logical, we can start to inspire others and spreading this logical way of thinking.Here is a video that will give you a better idea of how logic is all arround us and the core of our reality:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkGeOWYOFoAI hope whoever reads this till the end really takes some time to absorb and understand and maybe even re-read it as it contains some very powerful insight.I know that some people won't want to understand this, some might even not be able to alter their state of mind no matter what they try. And that's ok.No matter how small, this post has a chance to help people and that's what matters.Have a good day!
I'm 22 and I give up. Dont bother trying to help. I'm at high debt due to my parents (20k), have no friends and do terible at school and got a D on my gcse. I'm just barely hanging onto my 1 bedroom shitty flat and I see no way out. I've already got 2 cirrminal records due to theft and drug use. its the only way out for me. My dad is dead and my mum hates me and threw me out at 16. so they don't care and also my friends have all not talked to me in over 6 month. No one cares about Me. I live a Shitty live with nothing to care about Just hoping this piece of rope doesn't break and if it does ill just jump. 
I've been fighting my mind for as long as I can remember. But I have nothing to complain about, none of my emotions make sense, they're fake, I don't understand why they seem so real. The only reason I'm still here is because of people close to be because suicide is "selfish" but isn't it selfish for other people to try to keep me here too? It's MY life and I shouldn't have to stay alive because someone else wants me to but I can't bring myself to do it until there's no one left close to me. I can't keep fighting this anymore. I cause more damage now that I will when I'm dead. I'll quickly be forgotten and everyone who "cares" can move on without me pulling then down. It's ideal for everyone.
My life is like a bar: I'm enjoying my time there, but the door is always there. That door is suicide. I'll leave when I've had my fill whether that be now or in 20 years. Not because I'm depressed, but because I'm bored, or on hard times, or just satisfied with my experiences in life. It's a difficult feeling to describe and finding anyone that can relate is even harder.
I want to end it all! I've teached my limit a certain someone knows that there silence would kill me. With everything else going on I Don't want to carry onPutting on a brace face I can no longer do. The trust and love I had for this person kills me so painfully. I obviously meant nothing! Good bye the blood on your jumper signifies the end of us and the end of me
I know that people say that it gets better, but it does seem like that. For me, it feels like nothing will ever the same, life will never be like it used to be. Depression has changed my life so much that I can't take it anymore.
The woman of my life just dumped me... We were together for 2 whole years and she dumped me because I mistook one word... I don't want to get much to it... I hate to spent peoples time to hear me bitching but I can't do anything... She was the only thing that made me move foward... to leave my bed... to look at future... and she even don't want to say goodbye... I have a mountain close to my house, I dreamed about jump on it for so long time.. I have depression for too long time... passed 2 years taking 2 anti-depression a day till I met her.... I just don't have anything to live for anymore...
I just wanna die.
I'm 30 years old, and not sure why I'm posting here. I guess for some help. I've had depression for a long time, as long as I remember, and recently have been getting much worse. I think about suicide all the time, from the time I wake up until I sleep. Earlier this year I took myself to the hospital because the urge to do it was so strong. I feel as though it's now inevitable.Some pretty ugly stuff happened in my childhood and it's messed up my whole life. I find it almost impossible to get close to anyone, so I'm constantly alone. I've been with a couple girls, but not many. What's more, when I was about 20 I suddenly got something called PDOD, which means when I cum I don't feel anything. It isn't treatable, so I'm stuck with it for life. It's incredibly frustrating. I feel always like there's something wrong with me, that I'm worthless and a failure, or that I'm disgusting somehow. I hate my personality. The thought of growing old feeling like this terrifies me. I find it difficult to believe that things can improve now. Every day is torture.Two nights ago I made a noose with my robe girdle and tested it round my neck using the rail in my closet. Passing out was quite painless. I was holding the other end with my hand, so I didn't actually hang myself. But I can't stand living like this, and know that if it's that easy, when I feel really bad I will be considering doing it properly.I don't know what else to say.
Hello. First of all, I want to apologyze in advance for my probable English faults, sorry about that. I would like to say that it's not likely that I kill myself, but I think I need to unburden properly, and, as a socilogy student, I think online faceless people can be what I need.I'm a stupid useless person, and I know it. I don't blame anyone, I just blame me. I'm not intelligent, my grades are horrible, and I don't know anything. I'm pretty uncultivated, and I don't know how to do a thing: I can't play any instrument, I'm not good at drawing, I don't write properly and I'm not good at studying. That would be enough to kill myself, and I would do it, but I have a wonderful girlfriend who cares about me. She love me, and I love her. She's the most beautiful thing ever happened to me. The problem is that I don't want her to be with me, not because I don't want her (I'd do anything for her) but because I'm a useless piece of shit. I'm going to fail in everything, and I don't want to drag her with me. I want her to succed, to have a full life. She deserves it, and she doesn't deserve to stand me. I know I'm hurting her, she sais that it doesn't matter, because she loves me and she wants to bear with my illness.I don't know what to do. I wish she realize what I am, and the harm I'm causing her.
Im really not sure how to start this,Ive always been an outsider my whole life. Every since I was I child, I was dragged through a very rough divorce at age 6. Lots of anger, lost of yelling. Even to this day I still dont like confrontations, the sound of yelling still brings back floods of memories.  Im also dyslexic, my mind just doesnt feel the same as everyone else. I feel like an alien trying to act human, my left is your right, your up is my down. Ive always struggled with depression, I think I am more manically depressed the not. It comes and goes, Ill wake up already crying. Normally Ill mange to slap myself together, Ill try and forget about what makes me sad, at least so I can be somewhat productive for the day. But I dont know if thats all changing. I broke up with my first girlfriend (at the age of 20) of 8 months. This was exactly 128 days ago. The night when she told me she no longer wanted to be with me, I weeped all night. Im not joking, 10 hours of just misery.  I dont know if I ever got better since then. I still love her so god damm much. I lay in bed all night, thinking of her. It just hurts, it hurts so much every single day. I she came to me at a low point in my life, I was working 12 hour night shifts. It took its toll on my mental health. Some of that bled over to our relation ship, it was my fault. Every single moment of the day I spend racking my brain trying to find the one thing that will get her back. Please dont tell me its going to be all right. Neither of us know that, I dont need that. Every day just now seems to be getting worse. I cant stop thinking about killing myself, maybe its just a sick way to get back at her, just to show her how much she has taken from me.  Every day I grow colder. More angry. It feel like not matter what, its going to boil over, either Im going to become homicidal or suicidal. Im just getting more bitter, more cold. No one could ever love me right now, I dont even love myself. But these are just thoughts, I dont want to die. I would never want to see her hurt. I love her too much still. I just want to give up. I would kill myself right now if I knew it wouldnt hurt the ones I love. I cant put my friends and family through that. I need some one to save me. Like she saved me. She came to me, out of the blue. It all kinda just happened. I know I cant every initiate a meaningful relationship with someone else, it has to happen to me. How can I make her love me again. It feels like the walls are closing in around me. Im too weak to try again, Im too weak to keep going for much longer. I need another miracle. 
It sucks. Every time someone gets really, truly close to me, I can't actually believe that they mean it. I feel like they're going to leave me or something will change and I'll feel alone again. Every time someone has said they will be there for me, they've left. Every time someone has promised me we'll stay friends, they've changed their minds. I feel like I'm unable to accept affection anymore because I don't feel like it's real, and that I don't deserve it. Things are getting tough again.
For the last four, I've been abused and rotting. I can't help but think about ways to die everyday. Drowning in the pool, taking all my pain medication, or simply just running off and seeing who actually cares. Ever since I had my daughter two months ago I can't help but feel like a failure. I don't feel any "magical" connection to her. Everyone just tells me I'm horrible and I need to actually try. I can't escape the suffocation I feel in my chest, haven't been able to since my mom left me when I was 15. I just never get relief from this feeling of rotting away. Now I'm with a man that will never understand how I feel due to his made up reality. What's the point in trying if I know I will never get better? I have nothing...
I've set a date and a time within the next two weeks. I know how I'm going to do it. I've already deleted my Facebook and have stopped talking to my friends. I might leave a box of my stuff in one of the city's parks. I don't know what to do about my turtles. I love them, but I can't take care of them. I hope someone else will. Ever since I started school this year, I've been depressed. I'm failing a lot of my classes. I don't like doing anything anymore. In fact, I hate myself. It's just that simple I guess. But it's also complicated in a way that I can't process. My family is good to me, but they don't know who I am. I cannot be honest with them about anything, because they would hurt me. I'm old enough to go out on my own, but I'm too depressed to really look for a job or move out. My friends are good to me, they accept me for who I am. They've done a lot for me, but I'm finished being a burden to them. I hope they know that I love them.Things are so much more complicated than that, and I'll have to do a lot of cleaning up before I go. But I will go soon. I'm nervous and scared about how much it'll hurt and for how long. I don't believe in heaven or hell or reincarnation, but I'm still scared of what happens after. I wish I could go and stay at the same time, and mourn myself with my friends. I think I'm just scared of being alone, but I know that it has to be the end, and we all have to face that alone. 
This is my 6th time attempting. I overdosed on 23 midol pills and ended up throwing them up. I told my birth mother that she was the reason I wanted to die because she never told me she loved me. Tonight, I lost a potential love interest because he believes it selfish to do the things I've attempted to do. I have lost so much tonight, overdosing on pain hurts.One of my best friends is next door in her suite and she has heard me throwing up but can't even ask what's wrong. It kills me to feel unimportant enough for someone to not ask a simple question.What's wrong?I'll tell you what's wrong, just let me throw the rest of my pain up so I can swallow my pride and tell you.It's worth living one more day, you may not feel it. But it's worth holding the warmth of life and knowing that you survived another day-- another attempt. No one cares but one day you will. One day you will enjoy knowing that you survived the attempts you put yourself through just to have 5 seconds of happiness on your face.Those 5 seconds are reason enough to make it worth being alive. Until it all goes downhill again.
Honestly. I Just gambled 800 dollars, I have no job, that money was to pay rent and get my GED with. I have no job and have been unemployed for sometime, can't get hired. I don't even know why I gambled it. I walked in with the intention of spending maybe 100 bucks max and I just kept putting money in. Spent maybe 4 hours spending that much.I just need money
I have a small dilemma. Maybe it was because I wasn't raised with some sort of religion, or that I wasn't really taught why life is all that important, but the thought of oblivion really appeals to me. The thought of no longer existing sounds kind of nice- or nothing, if that makes sense. I've thought about it a lot of times- the suicide part, and what I leave behind. I'd rather myself to be either hated by those who are close to me, or be irrelevant to said people. I don't want any of them to think about why I did it, or if it were their fault. But back to where I was going; I don't think there's anything after. There's probably no God or higher being. My body would just shut down, and me, my consciousness, would die along with it. There'd be no Cody. This is why I think I should kill myself. It would be quick, and I would never experience anything ever again. It would be a whole new experience, no pun intended. I've come out like this to other people, but they always say, "Think about your future," and either, "You'll get married, have children," or "You'll do something great and benefit the world," or "You'll enjoy life at some point," you know, the stereotypical things you say to suicidal people. I am not a stereotype. I enjoy life, but I have this odd fascination with no longer being conscious. This small attraction to this concept has spearheaded my life for a long time. I grew up with no attraction to any other human, unlike most people around me, who started talking about girls and started getting all those hormones that made them want to fuck everything, but I never got them. I sometimes think that some day it'll finally kick in, but I don't think it's going to happen.As I was saying, spearheading; I go through every moment wanting to die or lose consciousness. I've even gotten off to it, you know, in the sexual way. Held my breath until my vision went dark, and it was a *very* good feeling. I could only imagine what dying would feel like.But, I don't want to leave the important people around me, so I've come here for ideas on how to enrich my life. How do I make it better than my lust for death? I seriously want to know how this trait made its way down the evolutionary line to me, because any neanderthal with it would just be bashing their head with a rock immediately. So, if you please, suggest.
I'll do it tonight, I'm so scared. I'm just 14, and it's quite sad, but I've reached my limit. I can't continue anymore. I'm so sorry for my family, but life it's just too hard. I'm not sure if I really want to die, but death will end my all pain for eternity.
I cannot think of a worse life or time to be born. I was brought into this world with a plague in a place where this disease destroys the lives of mostly young gay men like me while sparing young heteros. It is a horrible awful nightmare and I want suicide to be my solace, my comfort that sometime this pain will be over. 
I am currently suicidal and still dont have the guts yet to kill myself but who knows one day i will snap and suicide. I already sick with this struggle to find money at the moment. From my observation, this world sucks and we need to find money to stay alive on this shit world. Even hell is better than this world because at least in hell i dont have to worry about money.
1 - Almost ten years of being bullied2 - Shitty childhood, with a not good father.3 - Lonely as a kid.4 - I never have been liked by anyone else romantically. I am hopeless.5 - I don't know what it feels to be intimate with someone. I am a failure.And many others things. Life is almost only that. *suffering* and *pain*. That is all there is to it. I am a mistake, not even able to be romantically liked by anyone else. I will die alone. Am I right or wrong? Please say I am wrong. I actually don't really want to die, but...
1. Nobody loves me, and i'm not just saying that, nobody.2. No chance romantically.3. Given up on religion long ago.4. Seems like from the moment I start a conversation the person on the other end already hates me.5. Chronic migraines.6. A "pussy/fag/bitch/cunt/" by everyone's standards.7. Absolutely no dreams, aspirations or hopes.8. No talent to separate me from everyone else.9. No future besides working in an office all day and coming home to nobody until I retire and get to be by myself until I die.10. Not unusual for me to go entire days without smiling.11. Sleep is the most fun I have, which given number 14 says quite a bit about being awake.12. Suicidal since age 4. 13. Crohn's disease and all it's wonderful symptoms. 14. My dreams are progressively more brutal and creative torture methods complete with full pain. For example last night I dreamed I was in a doorless/windowless room standing with my hands up chained through a pulley in the ceiling going back around the wall connecting to razor wire around my throat. I move my hands (which are straight up BTW) and I strangle myself to death. At some point in the dream I just decided to slit my own throat to wake myself up faster, but I ended up in immense pain bleading on the ground for an almost comically long time. That was only last night and believe me there have been many more than that, including burning alive, drowning, drowning in rubbing alcohol, being trapped naked in a meat locker, castration, castration but slowly done with a hot needle, teeth pulling, surgery while i'm still awake, water boarding, water boarding with boiling saltwater, and my favorite, having my head strapped to a table with a floodlight facing my face, then my eyelids were cut off and salt was slowly poured on the bridge of my nose for a period of what seemed like hours. All with all the pain you'd expect.Convince me not to shoot myself now and draw out the pain for longer.
hate my life. my skin is darkened due to the shitty care my parents gave me and now they're making a big deal out of buying products to heal it telling me they arent natural. and they are the same parents that said i looked like an african when i was younger. like wtf and whenever i put on suncreen my moms like try to be natural or some shit she heard on the radio and she is the same mom who told me as a child that its useless to put pretty clothes on a ugly child and that i should be fancy first.Now tbh i still think im quite the pretty girl despite having tanned and dark spots due to eczema. i,ve got the face shape of jessica alba and medium pink lips, big eyes, and a small nose. but i hate my hair its so fucking thin and my mom makes fun of it. but i know i can thicken my hair because the thinning is mostly due to depression.anyways studies wise i have finals coming up and all this is coming down on me. i had to drop mech physics because it was too hard even though i studied. im just trying to get b grades in all other subjects at the very least i have calc, comp sci, and english. im trying to listen to music and study cuz that takes off my mind off my messed up life.i also have two friends only who i can hangout with and one of them has confessed he like me more than a friend and would like to date me. but how the fuck can i do that when my mom questions me whenever i go out. also this guy is pretty amazing though he puts up with my mean texts and always asks about my feelings which is pretty sweetAnyways im not suicidal i believe life can be better it's just that im in a slumpanyways rant over gotta study
Right now, as meaningless and useless as my life is,  I'm too scared to die. I'm afraid it will hurt, or I'll hurt my family. I honestly just want to get past the fear so I can do it and escape from my life. I just want an escape
What is the best way to move on after a failed suicide attempt?
I have intrusive thoughts about suicide and self-harm. Today they have been really tough. I have been craving to cut. I have been craving to do further damage to myself.I can't really talk to my family about this. My main support had a rough day as it is. I don't want to burden her with this.I want to see the blood run down my arms.EDIT: I WANT THIS TO END, GUYS.
I was looking for anything to help and sometimes it helps reading that others understand this lonely endless pain.  I saw a post which made me sign up and can't respond.  After several hospitalizations amd meds and diagnosis..you know the story.  This life, loss, shame, etc..then there was this person who was reaching out and feeling what I was reaching out to at least see that I was not alone.  Not that I would wish this on anyone, but if you know, you know what I mean.  This person said they were too broken to fix.  I felt it necessary to put this out here, in the smallest chance they see and maybe just maybe after my rambling the last part that wasn't passed along to me, may help.  I have to pass it along.  When we are drowning and everyone is going about there lives and all of the sudden there is a hand reaching down to pull us up for a minute to get at least a little relief and even just a minute to breath before it all starts again.  So here it isThis life is shitty and not fare and the hurt that you are feeling may or may not be similar to mine but it sounds very familiar.  The only difference is that I do believe in an afterlife and our savior.  I'm most def not going to preach to you, I just wanted to say that's the only difference I can find.  Sometimes it feels like  dragging bloody stubs left of my legs across jagged gravel and everyone is just happy because I'm still here.  I wonder if they are blind to the pain or if they only feel better that I'm alive and the pain is def not their concern.  And it's not, they have their own load to carry.  Sometimes I think this pain might physically kill me itself. Either way, my only choice is to drag these bloody stubs and take the next step forward and just keep going until the glorious day that our Lord takes all of this pain away.  "When we've been here 10,000 years, bright shining like the son" is a verse from Amazing Grace that makes me think that one day this painful life on this earth will be such a distant memory..kind of like a very insignificant week 8 years ago with nothing memorable happening.  That's what keeps me going.  I've been given two great pieces of advise.  One was, don'tiayen because no one understands because they have not lived or walked in your exact shoes and path.  The other, so wise, was this.. She was referring to our grief but it seems to apply to mental illness too..at least both for me.. "all I can say is that it's like you are summing and so so tired and then there is an island..and you can rest, but not for long, and then you have to paddle through strong currents, waves, storms..and then there is another island, where you can rest again.  She said the islands seem to get bigger and a little closer together."  I just hope that this helped, even if just for a tiny minute.  
My fianc died yesterday afternoon in a car accident. Ever since then I just can't handle doing anything. Everything is a blur and I feel so empty and numb and all I want to do is empty that pain out somehow. Sleeping forever seems like the best choice. 
I'm going to pull the trigger. I'm so scared. Goodbye world.
I'm just about done with this world of form and see no reason not to end this nightmare at the nearest convenient opportunity. Whenever I try to hold my chin up and look on the bright side, it seems that life only doubles down and gets worse and worse until I crack and prepare to off myself, at which point some "miracle" will prevent me from doing so... Each and every time. Like something wants me to suffer, but doesn't want me to actually escape by putting my body out of commission.Perhaps it's a pessimistic way of putting it but that's the way it seems. Good things only seem to happen to me when I'm holding my own life hostage, threatening/promising to kill myself if I find myself cornered, since that seems to be the only defense I have against the tempests that life hurls at me. No matter how bad it gets, I always have the power to kill myself... Even though that's not the way I'd prefer to live my life.But it seems like I have no choice. Any time I feel good and want to go out and do something, take advantage of a nice sunny day, or anything remotely self-deterministic, it almost always results in some degree of disaster, and I regret that I didn't just stay home or turn back early and cut my losses. It's no way to live, but it feels like that's how "something" wants me to live. Isolated, secluded, scared to go out and do anything except the bare essentials, like getting bills paid.In short, I'm starting to really want out, and I'm seeing fewer and fewer reasons to continue fighting upstream. People have told me to "go with the flow of life", but judging by the decisions I've had to make, if I did that I'd probably be out on the streets, freezing and penniless by now, rather than living on a relative's couch and only somewhat impoverished. It may not be as bad as it could be, but it's still not what I'd call an enjoyable or worthwhile existence. It's getting tiresome.

I just wrote a huge post for offmychest and it wouldn't post. I just wanna end itEdit: obviously this isn't my only issue but I don't have the motivation to type out my other issues 
I keep looking to find a cuddle buddy. I just want to be held. But nobody responds. I'm a ghost. In an attractive body that people just wanna use and walk away. I feel like a waste. So many more people deserve what I have. And I'm just wasting away. 
This grief isn't something that will ever go away. I see no hope, no prospect of joy, just the rest of my life...and that's a long fucking time...miserably stuck in this hell, missing him, wishing it was me instead. I'm unable to lie to myself anymore..this is my life. Alcohol and drugs can only do so much...so now what? I just wanna die. by gunshot, by single car accident, I don't care, I just want to be gone from here and in his arms again. This hell isnt survivable. 
I hate this city I live in. Toronto.It's cold. Weather wise and emotion wise.I hate it. I hate it. I hate it.
Its actually my first time using reddit, haha surprise!! Of all things to have decided to use it for? It was to rant about wanting to die!I have been suicidal for years, have been clinically depressed for a whole year by now i think. It hasnt gotten better and i dont think i have the drive anymore. My parents found out, my friends dont care, therapy and pills are expensive, and the future is bleak.Popping some pills dont really work do they? I tried it before. I want a reason to live but i also dont. Die before i hesitate too much you know? But im too scared to jump. Ah decisions decisions! Someones gonna start judging me for how much of a coward i am? How much of a loser i am, and i dont care! I just want to die!
I posted in here a few days ago asking for help and no one cared to respond. So now that it's been proven not even a bunch of random strangers would offer anything I've made my decision to go forward with my plan. Thank you for showing me I was right. Bye.
Hello people of Reddit. I have now, after almost 27 years of life, found that I'm no good at it. I've tried it all. The worst things, doing stupid idiotic things to get me somewhere, do the right things, get a job, a house, an SO and yet, here I find myself not getting out of my issues. My first 15 years of life I lived kidnapped with my family, yes, literally. They were tortured, no sleep, no food, sometimes the exact opposite. Sometimes getting hit, raped, whatever was on that family's mind atm. Me? Nothing. I was told it was my fault. I was told, every time, that whatever happens to them, is my fault. I was made to watch, to listen, but seldom included. When I was part of it, part of not being allowed to sleep, to eat, to whatever, I was happiest. Because it meant I was part of it, it maybe wasn't just my fault this time. When my best friend and her brother, at age 8 or maybe 9, raped me, I was happy, because it meant I'd done something right. Today I have a house, I have a beautiful doggo who is the nicest ever. My family is alive and fairly well. I have a boyfriend, whom I'm not sure I actually love anymore. I have a job I love, I have friends. But they still call. We still get the calls. They still call just to let us know they're there. To remind us that we'll never be able to live a normal life. I don't even sleep anymore, I have constant nightmares again. I got another call today. I asked my mother if she did too, and yes, ofc she did. Turned out it was a coincidence though, it was one of those scam microsoft callers. Still, the feeling of being completely frozen in fear is there, every single time a blocked number calls. So as my life slowly goes down the drain again, I have decided that I'm finished. But I can't actually make the decision, because then their pain will be my fault yet again. So I've decided to let my drunk self decide. Because I'm done with making the hard decisions and saving everyone from all the pain I've caused. Please, keep me company while I see what happens? 
I'm not willing to risk telling anyone IRL - including by phone, short of some complex Tor VOIP relay setup - that I'm suicidal, because of the potential for someone having me committed or otherwise harming me. So I have never been comfortable even answering any questions about suicidality IRL; there's simply nobody I can trust with that kind of power over me.Simultaneously, I'm not "actively" suicidal enough for things like chat.suicidepreventionlifeline.org. I have very frequent suicidal ideation, a plan worked out years ago, and readily available means, but generally when I'm suicidal I'm also very low on energy and spoons, and doing it without fucking up is more than I can manage to get the energy to do. So if it's just a question of "will I probably survive tonight", the answer is yes, but it's still a daily torture.So ... where can I go to talk openly about severe depression and suicidal ideation, without risking IRL disclosure, and without being shooed off because I'm not suicidal *enough*?
I have had a shit-storm of a last few days. My competencies as a teacher and a parent are being called into question. My kids are the reason I am still here. I get really low when I fail in those areas. It's going to be a long couple of days. 
I'm a heathen for a reason. I don't belong to anyone's god. I appreciate that you care enough to leave me any sort of comment at all...just wanted to let you know my mind cannot be changed. Thank you for the support...I'll answer any questions you may have...

I'm a 16 year old male, and this is my life.I'm from a military family and my father was in the navy, and because of this, I haven't really bonded well with people, as I'm used to them having to leave, or me having to leave them. I was born in 2000 to a family of 4, a brother and a sister; my brother was 12 when I was born and my sister was 3. Until I was 11 I bounced from naval base to navy base every few years. In 2011 I fell victim to the earthquake and tsunami that struct Japan, I was one of the families that left. We stayed at my grandmother's house in Illinois, as we didn't have anywhere else to stay while my father had to stay in Japan for a couple more months. I went to the nearby school where my cousin, only a year older attended. During summer break of 2011 my father purchased a new house not far from my grandparent's home, but with the main focus being very close to by great-grandfather, whom lost his wife years ago. Now, the key focus in where I live is that I live in rural Illinois, multiple miles to the closest city, and this would only add to how lonely I became. Fast-forward 2 years, and my great-grandfather would die, giving me a first-hand witness of death. Due to how close I was to him, over the years would it slowly affect me more and more. I've had many unsuccessful bouts in having an intimate relationship with many girls until this year in April, where I met a girl online from Florida. With her was the first time I had ever felt truly happy and content with my life. Slowly would I crave more and more for physical love, but only for it to be impossible to ever kiss/hug her. Until today where she told me [after persuasion] that she almost kissed a friend of hers while practically having a date with him. This drove me off the edge, and this entire night would I fear of this happening again, as she has full intentions of still hanging out with him.It isn't what my SO did that full makes me want to commit suicide, but only the last straw in the overall unhappiness I have in my life. Due to my location [the rural areas] I never had anywhere where I can have fun with anybody. I don't have friends that I can easily go to places with, and having to drive multiple miles in order to do this doesn't help my case either. I've been developing a drinking problem as well, in order to cope with all the sadness in my life, but I fear as my family is known to have an addictive personality. The only other way I would be able to console myself would be to play video games. With the direction video games are moving in, I also fear of not playing many games anymore. Once again, due to my location, I have very slow internet, barely being able to avoid dial-up, but instead having 1MBPS down internet, rendering any online game impossible to play. With these distraction removed, I only see the darkness in live for me, and with the light in my life only fading away, I fear for my life even more. I'm not sure if I trust my SO to not do anything with this boy anymore, not due to her wanting to cheat on me, but instead wanting to relieve the lack of physical touch I cannot provide her either. There had been many times in my life where I have tried to end my life, but always in the end would I either be unable to do so, or had one of my pets showed up in the right time in order for me to snap out of any suicide-trance.I have tried multiple times in order to ease my problems, mainly to my father, or anybody who could help, but it is impossible within our financial status, especially due to the house. This Christmas I planned to visit my SO in Florida, talking with both my parents and grandparents about going, but they said there was no way they could afford to do so.I have almost no direction in life, and I am very scared of my future, where things more certainly are going to get tougher, and I'm not sure if I am mentally prepared in order to deal with all of this. Thank you for your time in reading this.
Another day where my debilitating mental illnesses cripple me.. 2016 has been the worst year. Suicide attempts and not being mentally here, since my ex left me.He left me because I'm crazy but he was the only one who never left me, he put me back together. I felt loved for the first time in my life. He was supposed to stay. He helped me get over things, find happiness, and give me hope.One day, he left town and I haven't seen him since.We would've been dating 3 years next week. I've never felt worse. Since he left me in the Summer my mental health has been rapidly declining. I can't leave the house. I can't eat. I can't act normal in social situations. To cope, all I do is smoke weed but that's making me crazier. The people in my life that I go to are tired of me. Someone told me that it wouldn't shock them if they got a call one day that I killed myself.Everyone's tired of my existence but they don't understand that they'll never be more tired than I am. The simplest tasks are overwhelming. I'm a sad excuse for an adult. No one thinks I'm really my age. "You're 20? I thought you were in high school."Not being able to look like an adult or mentally/emotionally be an adult is truly embarrassing. Plus, leaving the house is hard when you're afraid of people thinking about how ugly you are.Therapy doesn't help. I get better for a few days, start to love myself, have a high self-esteem again, act like a normal human being but it comes crashing down once I realize how alone I am. I am truly a waste of space. I know damn well the people in my life would be more than fine without me.I can't put up with myself anymore. 
i think i have taken 200mg diphen so far. drank a lot. does it hurt? jave lots of pills to takew left. does it hurt or does it feel like i do right now??
Im a failure of an adult. I am dependent on my abusive mother for at least until the end of this year, so that when I move out I will not ever have to go back to her for help because she would just love to see me fail. Ive never had much of a social life, most of the friends I have are online, and I somehow manage to disappoint them everytime. One friend recently had a brain tumor removed, and I was worried about him, so when he came back today I made my best effort to focus on making him happy. I didnt act depressed, didnt show depression, didnt make anything about me, I even played a game with him I usually  hate and refuse to, along with some of my other friends. I simply pointed out a group of people that were being trolls that was likely to attack us, and was lagging behind the group because I didnt know what I was doing but I was really trying, and it ended up making him pissed at me. I tried to lie to myself and think its just because of his medication or whatever, but he didnt do it to the rest of them. Just me. He even made it a point to tell me the reason we rarely play that game is simply my dislike for it, despite the fact I made no complaint about it today and actually tried. Thats just one example of many as to why I feel like a failure, because  no matter how hard I try, people around me just hate me. My mother, my father who left me and favors his new children more. People I used to think were my friends just using me for a laugh, my older cousin raping me when I was 10 numerous timesIts a pile of shit, all of it. I hate myself so much, I want to die almost daily. I have minor panic attacks just thinking about how I am a failure, and I have nothing and no way of changing it. I cant do therapy, get medications, I cant go make new friends because its a small town and all the other kids HATED me in public school because I did better than them, and because I was the good kid the teachers liked to the point the bullying got so bad I had to be taken out of school. I cut myself, usually not too deep to where you can notice it, on my chest, but there are faint scars if you look close enough. Ive always been fond of letting the aggressive cats ive sometimes come into contact with do the damage for me, I mean, the cat scratches lie works best when it is cat scratches. My girlfriend, who I have tried so hard to be there for, seems to despise me too. I dont know why, but her opinion of me is pretty negative from what she has told me, shes basically insisted I am a child who knows nothing of the real world and etc. etc. despite the fact shes made major mistakes herself and lied to me about them, and shes never found someone more accepting of her gender fluidity than me, despite the fact sometimes its stressful sexually because she wants to do things that bring back bad memories, but id be willing to do them to make her happy. Why should I live when everyone I know hates me, cant stand me, and thinks Im a joke? My own girlfriend has talked badly of me behind my back to her friends, who have assumed my depression is just an attention grab. Id like to blow my brains out, I really would. I tried to strangle myself with a belt once but lost consciousness and I guess that released the belt and I woke up a few hours later. I tried to OD, but the dry texture of the pills made me vomit before they had a chance to digest, I dont have the nerve to cut myself deep enough to hit an artery. I legitimately want to die, if I had a gun, Id do it. I dont try to be a burden, I try to not be, I try to make everyone else feel good, but when I do need support its basically fuck me.  If they hate me so much, think so badly of me, shouldnt I just do it and not be a problem? Isnt thats what selfish of me? Making them have to deal with someone they hate? I wonder if she even stays with me because she loves me, or just because she does not want to be responsible for the consequences of taking my last bit of will to live away. I sleep in late now just trying to avoid being awake. Sleep is the closest thing to release I have right now. I took a benadryl just to try and heighten my mood, as it makes me very calm. I was a risk for alcoholism during the time I had access to beverages of that sort, Ive tried weed, but it did nothing for me. I cant even find relief in substances anymore. I used to think I was okay with this lonely life style, Id outdo everyone and Id fucking win. Theyd all be working at fucking target and Id be a nurse! Id be the one with a good apartment and a flat screen TV and a decent car, with nice clothes. And I didnt need anyone or anything, Id show them all Im not a failure.But I am. I am a burden. I just want to die. I dont want people to tell me not to, I wish theyd have the guts to tell me to do it like I know they want me to, to stop pretending they dont want me to off myself. Would I kill myself if I could do it quickly? Yes. If I could change my situation I would, I really would, Id like to. I cant even go take a walk. A fucking walk. I just wish I had people to talk to who want to talk to me because they like me, not out of pity, not out of feeling responsible for me, but because they see some sort of redeeming quality in me thats even worth it. But I dont have that.Im sorry.
I know, odd for someone posting here to talk about the future but I am. Now I know this will be scrolled by and if read, quickly forgotten but I wanted to share a fear of mine. Of being married and having kids and being just as sick as I am now. I'm bipolar 2, no I have bipolar 2. Whatever. My mom has it too. I remember one night of waking up to her screaming incoherently about something and blaring music. Cut to 16 years later, I'm doing the same thing. I don't want my kids to see that. But I don't want them not to have me. I dunno. Thanks.
Can't seem to make anyone happy. Girlfriend is done with my shit, no real friends, family hated me since I moved away. Think it'd just be easier to end it. 
I think of suicide multiple times a day. I even have a plan for how and where I'm going to kill myself. I feel very close to the edge and I just feel like a burden to my family. I think everyone in my family dislikes me, no matter how hard I try to do what they want. Maybe it's just me, but I think they really don't care about me.For instance, I moved to live with my aunt to get away from the constant drinking and smoking (weed) at my Mom's house. My older brother had done the same thing, and she calls him and tells him that she needs me. She rarely ever texts or calls me and when she does it's just the standard "How are you?"My grandma hates me or she's just old, I don't really know. My aunt claims that I'm her favorite and she tried to help me a little by taking me to try and get a psychiatrist, but when they called me up, she told me: "Don't tell them that you have suicidal thoughts. They'll make you stay longer."It honestly rubbed me the wrong way and made me realize lots of small little things about her that I know dislike with my every being. The place we went to denied us because my Health Care was in another city and my aunt never bothered to try and see another one.I suppose it's because she has two other kids to take care of, so I'm probably being selfish.They, they being my family, constantly tell me I need therapy, but when I ask for some they don't even bother. The only reason they ever mentioned therapy for me is because they think I'm traumatized from all thw times I saw my mom get beat by her boyfriends and how my sisters and I got molested by our father.My mom recently got diagnosed with cirrhosis of the liver from her constant drinking problems, she still hasn't stopped, by the way. I also finally told the police about the molestation of my sisters and I. They officers happen to ask me if I was suicidal and I, being an idiot, answered honestly and said yes. They told me, "You know, people have worse problems than you." YEAH NO FUCKING SHIT. Did they think that I never thought of it? Did they think that it would make me feel better? All it was make me hare myself even MORE.I just really want to fucking end my life and leave the most aggressive fucking note ever just to make everyone feel bad. Just like they made me feel bad about how I look, how I think, and how I act. I want to die.
I am a failure on every level.I lost all of my friends and don't enjoy doing anything anymore.  And I just want to lose my virginity like every other person in the world has been able to do.The function of human beings is to reproduce. Every single thing on the planet is driven by sex. Thousands of depressed people are able to lose their virginity.I'm just subhuman scum. If I can't get someone to fuck me, then why shouldn't I kill myself?
Title.
Nvm
* no support group, no friends* THE WORLD IS AGAINST ME - I've always been discouraged from being myself + my values don't coincide with cultural values - basically I'M FUCKED* ALONE* lost in & alienated from society* I have absolutely no freedom (not even freedom of expression) due to being a minor & having to live with parents* I always do everything wrongly no matter how hard I try, and I'm not exaggerating. I am confident and love myself, but that doesn't hide the facts. I'm honest in nature, so I can't just *pretend* I am "good" at things.* Life is monotonous. I do the same shit everyday because I can't do anything else due to parents. My mom's "dietary" food is tasteless, lifeless and boring, and I starve myself whenever I can instead out of lack of options. I can *try* to cook food but I fuck up every time - see previous bullet point.  * I am unwanted, unappreciated, unacknowledged no matter how much I help others.* I'm broke af - I have to start being independent soon + I have to figure out wtf to do with my life soon - I couldn't be more clueless.* The environment around me + circumstances are SHIT, and yes, I've tried "making the most of it" and other fairy-tale wishful thinking shit.* Cannot follow my passions full-time because they are "unrealistic and idealistic" and [non-violently] illegal for the most part.
This is my second attempt.   The first time I tried I looped it too much.  The loop on the belt broke.  Tonight I tried and the actual belt broke.  Is this a sign to turn my life around??
My birthday. I'm 20 now, which means life will be nothing but misery from here on, as if it wasn't already. It was fun but it's all over.
Hey, it's me, your favorite "all my family is dead" loner again.I know how stupid it sounds to be triggered by Christmas lights, but this jolly shit gets me.My "patronum" memory is preparing  Christmas dinner for my mother and grandmother.I was their caretaker since 11 yo. I made their food, gave them baths and change adult diapers with all my love all those years... but on Christmas, I would push myself to literally be sitting in front of the stove to garantee that the food was flawless.And nowadays, my plan consists on a box of pain meds for Christmas supper.Is there someone else also getting trouble to contain tears everytime someone says what their families will be having for Jesus (that asshole) birthday? 
Every day of every week of every month is always the same.  I have no friends to turn to, no family to trust, no one who loves me to help.  I cry a lot, I hate myself more; why am I so alone?  I make a lot of money and always make myself available, but no one is ever there.  Are some of us just broken?  No matter how rich or powerful we become, we can't exist as human beings?  This is not my first time here, but hopefully it will be my last.
That was my last relationship and the last time I had sex, all girls have fucked me off or hurt me and just now I've been rejected by a girl who looks like a fucking horse, I honestly think I'm going to hang myself, can someone message me a tutorial on how to tie a noose pleaseEdit 1 reading through these my problems don't even look like problems but I've been unhappy since 15 in all honesty, my gf who I was 'the nicest person she's ever met' cheated on me by fucking her ex and my life has just spiraled out of control because of it, I probably would've killed myself by now but I don't want to ruin anything for anyone if they have to plan my funeral or something.
I don't necessarily need answers, but I want to vent out my problems. 1. Aah. School... SCHOOL! I used to be the best student in the class almost each year! BUT NOW, I CAN'T! And when I was, people tried to discourage me, and they did! They discouraged me! Now, I don't have great marks anymore. I know that I shouldn't have let them influence me, but... I don't know... maybe it was because I was getting more depressed and that I was more sensitive. 2. When I talk about my problems irl, it is like people don't care. I am afraid they would think I am just doing this for attention. 3. I have always been honest, polite and tried to seem happy all the time so people irl would return the kindness, but some of them didn't, and it really frustrates me. Now, I stopped doing that and I am again 'myself'. 4. Why do I think about problems people don't even think of?! WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME??? I feel so desperate... what can I do??? Why me? Why do I have to suffer so much? Where did it began? Why? I was doing so well, now, I am just becoming worse: people begin to reject me (and I DON'T KNOW WHY!) and my grades fall. There are guys at my archery classes who always point out each thing I do and they mock me. I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING TO THEM! I NEVER TALKED TO THEM! WHY DO THEY BULLY ME? Just because I shot more arrows in the middle than them? But they don't have to compare themselves to me! WHY PICKING ON ME? If only I could tell them how much I am suffering and maybe, that they should leave me alone? I feel so crazy... I am scared of them. Sorry for this toxic vent, but by writing this, I feel temporarily better.
Hey, this kind of a foreign concept sharing my problems with strangers on the internet, and don't really know how to elaborate on this, but I'm afraid I might kill myself if things keep going on like this.I've suffered from extreme anxiety and bi-polar depression my entire life. I've manage to fake my way through life pretending I don't think about dying everyday, and experiencing small moments of happiness in between. When I was 15 I attempted to hang myself and almost succeeded when my sister found me in my almost final moments and took me down.Since then I've promised myself and anyone close to me I would never try to kill myself again, solely because I know how much it would hurt them.  Everyday I feel like I wake up and trudge through life only for them, if no one cared I would have succeeded by now.Nowadays the promise doesn't feel as real as it used to be. After breaking up with my ex 8 months ago I've fallen into a downward spiral.  She immediately bounced back and has found a loving community in a different state and multiple lovers that are more attractive and more positive and outgoing then I will ever be. I am gaining weight and my neurosis are getting worse and my self hatred is growing.  Every day I think about how she left me for men who are stronger than me mentally and physically, and it's eating away at me.Everyday, even the good ones, I'll have a vision of myself jumping off a bridge known for suicides in my area.  Sometimes I'll have dreams about it, and I don't feel scared in them, I feel almost relieved.  I'm afraid my dreams are going to become a reality if I don't change something soon.  I don't want to cause anymore pain to my family and loved ones, but I don't know how to make these thoughts stop.If anyone could guide me in the right direction I would be eternally grateful.  Thank you.
Yeah, I'm a sap.  I've placed responsibility for my happiness and self worth in the hands of someone that no longer loves me.  We have been together 27 years, 24 married.  We have two sons (20/22).  We own two homes.  We have rental properties.  Nice cars.  We never fought - hell we never communicated at all.  I've dedicated my entire life to providing for her.  Yet, looking back, I can see that she has never given me the love I needed.  She issued demands and ultimatums.  I attempted to meet them without concern for my own needs.  My career isn't the one I wanted, it's the one with the best pay and benefits so that I could provide for family.  I have no real friends, because she always demanded that I come home to her.  I've tried doing the things I have always wanted to do, but without sharing them with her they are empty.  I have decided that I can't live like this.  I've decided that I want to go to sleep and never wake up to this hell I'm living in again.  Now, it's just a matter of timing.  New Years eve has always been a special time for us.  I asked her to marry me on New Years eve.  In the last 27 years we have always kissed at midnight.  It seems like a fitting time.  But, the divorce will become final sometime next year.  Maybe I should sign the papers, fill my belly with good whisky, smoke a good cigar, and swallow a bottle of Xanax and Ambien.  Or perhaps I could wait a year from the day she confessed that she didn't love me and hadn't loved me for a long time.  That day she told me "I was faking it, and you didn't even know".  If I'm still in this hell at that point - I think I would be more than ready to let go.For the record I am seeking help.  I'm on Celexa, Xanax, and Ambien.   Yet I still can't sleep more than a few hours a night.  I'm lost 40 lbs in two months.  I can't work or focus on anything other than her.  I dream of her and all the mistakes I made.  It's only been two months since she destroyed everything I ever dreamed of.  

I'm taking medication and talking to a counselor. Neither of those things have been helpful. I'm living in an extremely rural area, so there's no other treatment I can do. If I call a suicide hotline, they just tell me to go to a hospital, which are totally useless. The only point of hospitals are to keep you alive for 72 hours, and they hope that you have calmed down by then.No treatment has worked. No treatment has ever worked. I'm married, and I would rather kill myself now, than torture him more, or even worse, have children and torture them.
I am tired of everything, I'm tired of living. I am so alone and I don't see the point in living anymore. I'm sorry I wish I could of been better.
I have a good life, a loving family and friends that care about me. I was a happy child when I grew up and did good in school. I was never bullied by classmates or anyone. I had what you could call a good life but still now that I am 20 I pray to God atleast once a week to end it. Why do I feel this way? Why am I not happy when I have evey reason to be happy? Why was I brought to this world when all I want is out?Two times have I talked about how I feel to other people. The first time was to the school psychologist we had some meetings but she never said anything helpfull to me. The next time was to my girlfriend, a week later she broke up. I guess this will be my third and probably last time. 
It's selfish to post this here, I know. This is a place where people who actually need help come to get it. And I'm just taking up space.But I just need someone to talk to about all this. I've posted everywhere on different throwaways. Every relevant subreddit. No matter what, either my post was removed, or next to no one replied. The last week has been a roller coaster of emotions and I can't sleep or do anything normally without thinking of every possible potential situation. And what I might end up doing.I might as well just get into it. I am 18. Last week, my girlfriend and I had a really bad fight. While going through the process of making up, things started to get intimate. We had sex, but whilst withdrawing at the end, I came to the realization that the condom had broken completely. Split down the middle, and had slid all the way down my dick. We immediately started to panic. I told her to go to the bathroom, as I handled my situation.After that, we settled down (somewhat?) and we agreed I needed to get her some kind of emergency contraceptive. I drove to Rite Aid, and bought Plan B for $50. I got it to her in less than 5 hours after the incident. After getting home, many many hours after I was expected, I had to make up a string of lies to explain myself. Which I did.When we did the deed, her period was due in a day or two. Fast forward 5 days later and it still hasn't come. She's having cramping abdominal pains, but no period. Mood swings too, from what I can tell.It doesn't matter how low the chances are. Sure, girls with a regular cycle aren't supposed to ovulate anywhere near the very end, not to mention Plan B has a 24 hour effectiveness of like 95% supposedly, it doesn't seem to be helping. I thought I pulled out for the most part anyway, but it just keeps getting worse. Any good outcomes seem like they'd be too good to be true now.Every day that goes by without her period, I get increasingly panicked and desperate. What we did was so, so stupid. We're in high school, we can't have a baby. Not only would it ruin our career and education plans, but her highly religious conservative mother would not hesitate for a second to get me in legal trouble given the opportunity.I don't think I could ever do anything drastic, but I don't think anything like this would ever happen. I was so stupid. We were so stupid. Our lives might be ruined permanently and all we can do to see is sit and wait. I just want to cry and vomit and die. I don't know anymore.
I want to do it. I want to kill myself so badly. I have to. There is no way that I will be able to bring anything to this world without taking away from it more. I am a net negative financially, emotionally, I take away from people's time, money, life. I am worse than nothing.I want to do it now, but I'm thinking to do it in January so it doesn't get in the way of the university exam season or my parents' cookie company (peak times are during the Christmas season). I want to do it with the least potential impact so I don't cause any more pain than I have to. I want to go to the local shooting range a few times so I become more familiar, and then shoot myself in the head, so nobody can be blamed except me. I need it. I almost crave it, like I'm hungry. I can't go on like this anymore.
I cannot remember the last time I had a second without anxiety and depression affecting my life to the point where I want to kill my self. The feeling of constantly being less worth and so irrelevant. Surrounded by people that absolutely disgust me. I swear to god I feel like hitting them every time I see them. The people who were supposed to raise me, left me alone to develop a row of mental disorders that might just be enough for me to end myself. The worst part is that they deny it. How fucking sad of a person can you become? Abused for their own good and now that I'm growing up they are afraid of looking me in the eyes.Bullied by my own friends and abused for 6 years until I stopped seeing them. Took my dignity, money and ripped my personality to pieces. Made me develop a severe personality disorder. When trying to get my money back, they wouldn't even respond to me. So ashamed of themselves that they can't set things straight.But I'm the one that will suffer for the rest of my life.
Everything about her was not good for me. My ex picked me as her winner horse and expected me to do whatever the fuck she wanted under the guise that it was good for us.I literally gave myself to her, did whatever the fuck she wanted me to. Stupid things like not switching majors because she thought I really needed *that* career, working somewhere I hated because hey, one day it would be my business and I would be a millionaire. Completely disregarding my friends because they weren't good enough and pushing everyone, even my family, away because they weren't good enough. Nothing was good enough for her. And when I sit and watch her on TV, I just feel like an empty husk, I gave her absolutely everything and she just discarded me because I didn't turn out to be what she wanted. She wanted perfect, and I clearly wasn't.A year has passed since we broke up, and now she's with someone almost twice her age. Another winning horse, destined for success and money. What the actual fuck. Everything is completely debilitating. I've tried Xanax, Ambien, weed, alcohol, CBT, codependence therapy and I think that it all boils down to this: I need to claw back into myself, whatever it takes. I spent so much time thinking about what she wanted from me that I lost myself somewhere. I know I'm hardworking and smart, I'm sure that I'm not absolutely hopeless, but almost all my waking hours I spent reminiscing about the past and wondering where the fuck I went wrong, and it's absolutely debilitating.I've reconnected with the people I had left behind. I apologized for treating them like shit. Called up an old ex and we spent some time together. Lying in bed with her, I realized that I absolutely adored her for the right reasons. There she was, naked, with nothing to hide, as was I and we were completely fine. I could be myself. I got a call and got up from bed butt naked and she just stared. I didn't mind. Actually twerked a bit for her as a joke (I have absolutely no ass.) That's fucking genuine attraction right there. We're both so fucking scarred that we can sit alone, quiet, and understand, to some extent, each other.But then I go back home and start thinking. And building huge tragic stories in my head about people I have yet to lose and failures I have yet to commit. I don't really know what I want anymore. For the last year, I've felt like I was just surviving day by day, getting by, avoiding problems with my family and receiving a miserable check and spending it all on fast food, videogames and gas.I just want a fucking change. Old me, come back, I miss you and I don't know how long I can hold on without you.
I can't really go into things but basically my life is ruined. Everything I've ever worked for in my life (current phd student) is ruined. My family has been supportive of everything I've been going through but I can't take the pain anymore and to see what they're going through because of me. I tried partial suspension with a belt several times times and I always stop as soon as I'm close to blacking out, which makes me feel like a bigger failure. Why can't I just end it!?!
Don't help me. I'm done for. Fuck life. Fuck  everything.
I have HIV and am gay and I hate the world and time in which I was born. The disease has no cure and heterosexuals are largely spared from this disease, which sharpens the pain of HIV 100 fold. I fear life is not worth living and want to have access to assisted suicide, the kind prisoners on death row receive for free. 
I'm in my second year of college, I honestly don't know what to do at this point. I have absolutely no friends here, and I'm always sad because I feel like I'm not good enough for literally anybody. My mom is the only person I can really talk to about it, and even she doesn't understand. She just tells me, "Oh you're just a little depressed" or, "Just get a girlfriend or something" as if it's just a little thing that doesn't nag at me every single second of my life.I've had no motivation to do anything, and a lot of my grades are suffering from it. I'm probably going to have to retake a few courses, which I know is only going to make the situation worse. Half of the time I decide to just not even go to class because I can't bring myself to get out of bed or to have to do anything that isn't just sulk in my room. I'm incredibly awkward socially as a result as well, and have had people call me out on it which made me even more uncomfortable. I just don't know what to do anymore.
I was already suicidal. But I can't stand the fact that the alt right runs things. They don't care I'm transgender. They don't care I'm suffering from major depression. They don't care these things will become preexisting conditions. I want to give up. I can't go on.I thought about jumping off somewhere high. That's hard where I live. I am not allowed to buy a gun with my mental health. If I could I would
I'm 18 male. Mitochondrial disease destroyed my life. Actually,I never really had a life to begin with. I have 24/7 fatigue,dizziness,migraine,pressure in head,brain fog,dry eyes,eyes being sensitive to the light(worsens migraine),Reynauds,bad knee,bad joints,anxiety,depresssion,sensitivity to the touch(very picky),and much more,including my MOST RECENT symptom;lung collapse issues aka pneumothorax issues. All 24/7... yep. My life is literally hell. I see it like this " how dare anyone expect me to live like this. You are not me,I am me. You can't expect me to live just so you are happy. That's just not how it works. I'm in more pain now than you would be if I died." The thing is people seem too foolish to grasp simple logic... things will NOT get better, literally,I hate being told that. Because things won't. My illness is incurable. Permanent. Genetic. Hell. That won't go away or get better.I'm planning suicide today before I go back to part time work tomorrow. I've lost everything I could have had. I even saved up and got my FIRST CAR!!! Well,brain fog got bad and I almost crashed. Then lung surgery. Whenever I save or attempt to get a car,bad stuff always happened. Now I have a car I can't drive. I'm done.PS. IF YOU ARE STUPID ENOUGH TO TELL ME LIFE IS WORTH LIVING IN MY CASE,THAN YOU ARE A ******* IDIOT. thanks for help
I'm starting to think I am the best actor in the world. I act like I'm always happy and the only time I'm not is when I am alone in my room crying until I fall asleep. I know my family doesn't know I want to end my life every day. I know my "friends" think it's not as severe because I say it in a joking manner, but in reality, it's the one thing I desire. And I don't desire anything anymore. I have no goal whatsoever in life. The only thing I actually enjoy and to blow off steam is going to the gym. But the minute I walk out of there, I am the sad and depressed, antisocial kid I always am. The only reason I am still alive is because I am a pussy. Too pussy to kill myself. I do research every night to find the fastest and painless way possible and once I find it, it just may be it for me. But for now, I am just going to live through the suffering and pain that just gets worse every fucking day.Thanks for listening.
I'm so excited to do it. Maybe it's meant to be?
Hello guys I've been depressed months ago but I started fighting it and I almost got over it, the feeling when I breath make me wanna kill myself, when I see my parents cry for me I always feel guilty and start crying alone, lately I started smoking and its the last thing I still enjoy. I just don't know I made them live in pain just me existing, they're supportive yes but what deep they feel, the pain I feel inside my chest keep burning I just dont know I thought I would beat depression.
You can never understand what hell it is to wake up every day with no future.I  51 years old and did everything. Now I want to die easily please help me out ill pay for the right pill
I really don't think I deserve to be depressed and yet I'm really just waiting for my life to be over. I've lived 23 years and every attempt to get my shit together failed. I grew up with abusive brothers, I don't blame them, they both have autism and suffered more than I have. The school we all went to failed us and basically ruined our lives. When I look back I think everything started with this school and how it treated us (growing up in a small community did its fair share as well). I seriously hope the whole building will burn down one day so no one has to suffer in there anymore.I somehow made it into college only to fuck everything up *again*. This year absolutely made my life hell. My parents got a divorce (I know it sounds whiny but it hit me hard) I knew their marriage wasn't happy and they are better of without each other. The house will be sold next year and the only place for me to return to won't be there anymore. My cats will be given away and I can't do shit about it. It breaks my heart so much just thinking about them not being able to spend the rest of their lives there and instead have to suffer in shelters. I won't be able to pay my bills next year. This is my last month of financial stability and I plan to end it in between Christmas and New Years. The only reason I didn't do it yet is my best friends birthday coming up and I want to be there with her, even if its just for one day. I feel like shit for being depressed considering so many people have it worse but I don't feel like I will live a long life. I don't see a future for myself, there is nothing in this shit world I want to accomplish and I don't think I will ever be loved.Only thing that kept me alive were my few good friends and even if I love them a lot I was never able to tell them the truth about me failing everything. I did a lot of things I regret deeply and maybe it's just karma hitting me hard and I deserved all of this. I just don't want to be a bother for the people I love anymore.
I'm 35 and spent the past year ruining my life.  I've had a lifetime of trauma and disaster but it was supposed to end when I got a great job 2 years ago.  Got a raise a year into it and then a few weeks later got a concussion from a car accident which started my decline.  Had to be hospitalized a few months later after a breakup, and the guy was a jerk not worth it.  I don't know how it happened but I doubted myself as a person for the first time and got terribly depressed and ended up losing my great job.  Now 6 months later no one will hire me because I've never had a job more than 2 years, I've pulled most of my hair out and am balding, and have autoimmune disease that causes painful joints and muscle pain from a vaccine I got a few months ago.  I am so done.  I see no hope, no future and I can't stand this emotional and physical pain.  I'm done with life and wish we had assisted suicide for the depressed in the US because I want to go peacefully with no chance of it not working.
Ive had my ups and downs but a single thought has persisted; quantum suicide. I feel im fairly grounded in rationality but the constant idea i cant escape by killing myself bothers me. I dont fear death but i have a bordering irational fear of living trapped in a nonfunctional body. To the extent i cant hear ONE without a panic attack. If the many worlds theory is true then no matter how well planned out a way to kill myself COULD be it would never end my life as i experiance it. Im not sure how many others feel like i do but even if i didnt want to die it keeps me from trying at my worst. Lets be clear this isnt a call for help its an acceptance that suicide isnt the answer no matter, id just like to find and help others that realize we are trapped here till our existance reaches a 0.0 probability. We might as well join and help each other keep sanity since that is the one thing not guarantied.    
It basically feels like I'm living on borrowed time. Life hasn't improved, it's not getting better, and each day is getting progressively worse. The only thing that has stopped me from ending it all isn't some profound sense of there might be something better round the corner... It's cowardice. I'm that much of a pussy.
So I've finally gotten to the point where I've had enough.  I've set a date, I have a plan.  I wish it was something that I didn't want to do or even felt like I have to do.  The torment of my existence has crossed the threshold of my tolerance.  I could sit here and dispense my problems to you, not that you could help.  Some think it's as easy as having another acknowledge the pain that you feel or have imagined yourself.  This isn't the case for me.  I have sought help from every conceivable angle that I can find.  I have spoken with friends at length about the thoughts that plague me, I have sought out professionals, I've been on medication, I've changed my lifestyle.  I eat healthily, I exercise, I socialize, I plan and set goals for myself.   All to no avail.This is a cry for a reason to not follow through with my actions.  I desperately want to be wrong about my decision.  As I write this plea to you strangers who spend your time assisting those who suffer I carry little to no emotion.  I do not feel apprehension or regret.  This is it. I am here for the simple fact that when I follow through with my plan I will have exhausted all of my options.  I owe at least that to myself before passing off this pain to others... no I owe it to my friends to do the best I can to stop this action.  I do not want them to hurt, but I cannot continue this life much longer.   
Yes its part of it.no i cannot talk about what I going threw. Just want to end it all. But so so scared . wish I  could just take a pill.tried other stuff did not work
My depression has grown to a point of "numbness." I don't feel much anymore, which in of itself is depressing to experience. When, on occasion, I do feel something, it tends to be stress or anxiety. The subsequent numbness, detachment, and what-have-you has become a knee jerk response. A survival tactic, because the stress can be overwhelming, painful, and more. The empty, numb feeling does bring some iota of relief. But it comes with a cost - depression. When I say "depression" I mean it quite literally. Low energy. Low motivation. Low interest, even in the things I once enjoyed.I've grown very disillusioned with my surroundings, which has lent itself to this overall state. Medication does not work, nor does counseling. I have learned, after 20 years of attempting these "remedies" that they are, in my case, ineffective, and at times have caused further damage, stress, anxiety, and a cacophony of other problems. My most recent counselor (this would be counselor number 10 or 12 over the course of my begrudging attempts at "treatment") ended our session after 21 minutes. For no reason, mind you. Plus, I wasn't "finished" or "done" - it was just a wholly unprofessional move. And in the past I've dealt with her predecessors who were as equally as unprofessional, unhelpful, clueless; people being paid to dispense dead end solutions, lazy platitudes, and a plethora of pseudoscientific remedies. I have reached a conclusion that my depression and anxiety is triggered by the state of the world as it is today. There is no treatment for this because we live in a sick and diseased reality. I use the terms "sick" and "disease" metaphorically. The things we put ourselves through on a day to day basis are anything but normal. I am willing to bet that most people would agree. I do not have to bullet list examples - most of us can take a strong, hard look at our lives and see the parading bullshit through our daily existence for what it truly is. I am depressed. Everyone is. I am not alone, and that has been my only solace. I do not believe that anyone is truly happy. There are moments of being farther away from the misery, but no true moments of bliss that last for extended amounts of time. The stress factors incorporated into our daily living are insurmountable. They vary from person to person, admittedly, but they are present for everyone, no matter what your stage in life. I think about suicide nearly everyday. It is one of the few thoughts that bring me a sense of stress relief. It does not have to be thoughts of literally "killing" myself, but even the idea of getting sick and then dying from said illness makes me relax. Recently, I contracted a very bad strain of RSV and it turned into bronchitis and pneumonia. I sought no treatment for it, and I hoped that it would, perhaps, overpower my immune system and undoubtedly end my life. But, as luck would have it, my immune system fought it off and I am still here. I do not fear death, but I fear screwing up any attempt at it. Swallowing the wrong thing, or falling at the wrong angle, so that I'm not dead, but purely crippled or near-incapacitated in this waking hell that is our world. And in that sense, I'd be trapped in an American medical healthcare system type of hell. No thank you. I want to reduce the problems, not add to them. Yet, my externalizing of these thoughts could potentially land me in psych eval, with the subsequent medical bills rolling in. Therefore, I keep these thoughts to myself for the most part. There is a definite degree of paranoia when you're so disillusioned, depressed, and numb that those around you would shower you with liability concerns because you *gasp* fucking hate the reality in which we all thrive. I wanted to externalize it here, because there is no other place that I feel comfortable in doing so. I suppose there is a part of me that knows, deep down, others reading this know exactly what I am referring to. They know the feelings. They know the relief of suicidal ideation. 
 I was feeling amazing yesterday some people messaged me and tried to help me and I thank them very much I actually went out and did stuff to try and better myself, but today its back the dreaded feeling of emptiness, hopelessness and loneliness I don't know why, I cant stop thinking about how much I want to take my own life.

Firstly, compared to a lot of people on this subreddit I don't have it bad at all.  I'm not broke, I have friends, I have goals/hobbies, and I'm not extremely ugly either. But I haven't really been doing much in my life because I wanted to do it. All the stuff I've done was to make my mom happy (I'm her only child, and she's my only parent) but I can tell she's not that happy with me.  I'm taking my sweet time trudging through grad school while putzing around with jobs unrelated to my field and to have money for hobbies because I don't want to be that stressed. She is an iron firsted asian parent who has never really coddled me, so this isn't really something I can talk through with her. The last time I hugged her, I was probably 5. I can tell she's also quite jealous that her sister's daughters have all gotten married by now but I haven't even had my first boyfriend yet. I've made a few attempts at dating for her sake but it was just so boring to me, and not my thing.  Last night I just got really drunk and especially depressed and kind of started making plans for all my assets and where they would go because I don't really have good goals for myself and kind of want to end it. I feel like I have all these great things going on for me, but it just feels so empty and meaningless. :(  
Everything feels so pointless. I don't have any goals in life. I don't want children. nothing makes me happy anymore. food doesn't even taste the same. I have a total loss of appetite. I'm a college freshman, and I'm doing terrible. I can hardly bring myself out of bed, much less get stuff done that I need to. I have a job that I hate. I feel like a disappointment to my family. I feel like everyone hates me. I feel like everyone is using me. I feel like everyone is always mad at me. No one would ever love me. I try to hang out with people, but I always feel like they never want me there. with any friend group. I feel unwanted. I just want to disappear. 
My name is Adam, i suffer from severe depression and i think it stems from being bullied constantly in school, to the point that i avoided all contact with other kids from grade 1 to 12 i would go to school avoid everyone then come home and play video games. I still do that but with work and i think it has alot to do with that fact that i hate myself as part of my depression, i think of myself as a piece of shit so i think why would anyone want to be friends with a piece of shit,It also comes down to that fact that i have no social skills, i never really had any reason to practice them, ontop of that obviously never having a friend in my life i have never had a girl friend and that makes me sad just thinking i am going to be alone forever.i just dont know if there is any hope, i live in a pretty small town, 30k people, not tiny but small enough that it is hard to find people with niche interests.idk its very sad, writing this out makes me feel down and contemplate suicide more...thanks for reading, have a nice day :-)
HiI trying for few months to push this off by working 15hr days.but now alone over weekend and feel resdy to make the move.ehst way is quick and no pain.i oetrefied
I'm not going to name or discuss what it is because although I have no reason to live, most of you reading this do.  I've decided to take my exit Christmas Day because that will ruin the most lives.  It makes me sad though because I would love to just finish things today.  I have now written out my will and last testament, I am calling family and friends and clearing up "unfinished business" with them.  Not one suspects.In fact, forget Christmas.  I figure Monday.
I was in the hospital and on psychiatric hold last week and got out this past Tuesday. I can't tell anyone I want to hurt myself again, they'd Baker Act me and put me right back in. I can't do this anymore. I'm trying to get better and it's not working. I'm on new meds and I feel so weird. I don't want to feel like this anymore. 
I'm not suicidal now, I just think about it sometimes. But when I'm really sad and it comes up I write suicide notes. I do it because it reminds me of why I want to live. I don't know how healthy it is or isn't. I usually address them to my children since that is who I would most hurt. After rereading them I also realize how whiny I sound. Son-I've made the ultimate betrayal. I know I've hurt you, I know this is unforgivable, I am truly sorry. I love you and Daughter more than anything, anybody in the world. I am comforted by knowing I won't be there to negatively influence you any longer. You need love and patience and somebody who can manage to be a functional parent. You are brilliant and beautiful and kind and sensitive and you are loved. This is me, my problems are all mine and I am giving up on me. I wish I knew how to live differently. Daughter-I thought I could make it through life without hurting you guys the way my family hurt me. I now understand that your dad was right when he told me I could never be better than what my mom modeled for me. I tried to prove him wrong. I wanted to be great for you and Son! I love you both so, so much. I just don't know how to be better and this isn't good enough. You have your dad who isn't perfect, but who doesn't share my problems. I'm sorry. Family-At least you get to be right me. I think we all always knew this would be my ending. Plus, now that I've gone and done this you were also right about me being a sucky mom (Bother. Although I suspect the rest of you would agree). My life is a series of complications and challenges that indicate to me that I should never have existed in the first place. I have never been loved or cherished or wanted or needed. Mom, I'm finally finishing the dying that should have happened when you gave me the knife all those years ago. You didn't take care of me. Not now, not then and not when I was a child. The other day you reminded me about how selective your memory is. But also how memories of the same events can be so different depending on the perspective. You probably really do believe you did everything for me. I see it as having done everything to me. You had me, an unwanted child. You abandoned me with an abusive stranger. You didn't help me heal when you were strong-armed into taking me back. And now you conveniently forget the traumas, the abuses, the skipped childhood, the torments The rapes. Or maybe you really don't know since you weren't there and you've never had to face what happened to me. To be fair, it wasn't all your fault. After all, you only gave me to the abuser. Ffs, why that hell didn't anybody at any of the some 2 dozen schools I went to not notice what was happening? Especially the middle school? I was dealt a rough hand and I see no win for me. And to be honest, I'm just tired of being strong and being a survivor and being so fucking sad. All I ever wanted was a family. I hope my children have better hand than I ever got. I know they'll see this as a lose but I see it as giving them the benefit of not having me to contend with. I can only ever be an anchor. 
Not really sure what else to say a cocktail of things have come up and I'm struggling to fight of those feelings i used to be so familiar with
Over the last week I've completely lost my appetite. I plan to die in early February, and the only way I get through the day anymore (aside from the fact that I don't have the equipment yet) is by remembering that i have to keep up appearances so nobody sees any signs of depression. If I die, it's my fault, and I don't need other people wondering what they could've done differently.Anyway, is loss of appetite normal? This hasn't happened to me before.
I lost my will to live. The only thing that keeps me alive is that I don't want to hurt my family, I can't do this to them...My life is messed up. People say that suicide is an eternal solution to a temporary problem, however, my problems are permanent.I wonder if I someday will have the guts to kick the chair, and suffocate to death. I lost all hope, I feel pathetic.Do you guys believe in reincarnation?I seem to force myself to believe in it as an escape. 
I just feel worthless. I haven't been able to work a real job in years because of anxiety. I've been writing and living off of my fiance. (Which only amplifies my feelings of worthlessness)I feel like I've manipulated my fiance into a polyamorous relationship with another woman. The other woman is technically still married and that creates more stress and anxiety.They're both beautiful, intelligent women who believe in me and my writing. They've grown to care for one another also, but it's hard for us all to find time to communicate.Once our newest love finalizes her divorce she wants to meet us. (By next Halloween at the latest, most likely sooner) I'm terrified of that meeting. I think I'll never make something of myself within the time I have. I fear that she'll be disgusted by the state of my life and that losing her will irreparably break me.I feel like avoiding the shame and embarrassment and just ending it now. I don't think I will go through with it, but the thoughts terrify me. I don't know what to do anymore.
I just can't go through this any longer.  He has a new gf now and they pose looking cute in their FB profile pictures yet here he is trying to annihilate ME.  I don't even have anybody to love and he does yet he is destroying ME.  My career was all I had.Welp.  Bout ready to do it.  I have a method and am just quietly contemplating the cost, and what time, and if this will be today.I don't want to be here any longer.
Getting another would put me in risk financially but I need to get work done. :(
I don;t enjoy myself, I'm depressed, I;'m lonely, I'm full of regret, I'm a hopeless romantic, I hate who I am, I don't know how to talk tp people, I don't know how to funciton like a normal human being, I'm scared to try new things, I'm afraid to put myself out there, I just stay in this invisible cycle of being drunk / at ease.what's the point anymore if it'll just be this forever? i might as well just put a bullet through my skull and paint the wall a beautiful red mural
No one really cares anyways. Why am I trying to push out for help from random people on the internet? I don't know. Good thing I have pills with me 
My entire life was destroyed yesterday and now I have absolutely nothing to live for. Nothing makes sense anymore and nothing is good or positive or helpful. It's all just a grey wasteland. 
**We've all been in some dark places before. Many of us have come very close to killing ourselves, only to be stopped by some profound sense of "hope". That maybe, in a few years, things could get better. Hell, things could be good!** Imagine waking up next to the love of your life, jumping out of bed, putting on the coffee, and getting ready for another exciting day at work! Things are busy in the office, but that is good; you love being busy! Plus, you know that some promotions are likely just around the corner! And, most of all, the busier you are, the less time you have to sit around and think. Because bad things happen when you sit around and think. Bad things like... well, never mind that; it's time to go, or you'll be late!You kiss your love goodbye as (s)he heads upstairs to help your beautiful children prepare for another day at school. Damn, they're so smart! Smarter than you could ever be. And your love is so beautiful; how did you get so lucky?You open the front door to walk out to the car. It's a brisk morning. Brisk mornings were few and far between in your old town, but that's ok, you like the cold! Besides, you can never move back to you old town. *Never.* Too many... bad memories... But, oh! Look at the time! You quickly scrape the ice off of your windshield and happily pull out of your driveway.Traffic is a mess, but that's ok! It always is, so you give yourself an extra half hour to get to work everyday. It's nice, actually! You sit in the car with the heat cranked up, listening to your favorite morning Podcast while sipping that new organic coffee your friend got you hooked on. Mornings are nice. Life is nice.You finally arrive to work. Right on time, which for you, is fifteen minutes early! You say hello to your boss, and he greets you back with a hefty stack of paperwork, due by lunch. That's ok, you understand that all of this hard work is for the greater good! You head to your cubicle, the one that's strategically placed not too far from the bathroom and not to close to the air vent, and get to work! Working is fun for you; you put on your headphones, turn on that same podcast you didn't have time to finish in the car, and get to working! Sure, it's mostly busywork. The same busywork that the twenty-one year old intern gets stuck with. But, what can you say? College was rough; it wasn't your fault! You had a disease. Things were... well, never mind that; there's too much work to be done to think about that!As the clock slowly continues to gain hours, that stack of paper slowly continues to lose height! You're doing things as fast as you can, when suddenly;*"Hey, Don't_Want_2_Die_Yet, it's two o'clock; have you finished those files yet?"*You look at the stack. You've been working all day, and hadn't even realized how late it had gotten. You never even break for lunch; you were working so hard! But, does your hard work ever pay-off?"No? You haven't? Well, that's ok I guess. That was *a lot* to expect out of you. Here, I'll give the rest of them to the intern to finish up. He's such a hard worker! And smart as the Dickens, too."*What you would give to be the twenty-one year old intern! Oh, what you would give for another chance at a beautiful life. A reset button, so to speak. Everything could be so nice.*The boss gives you an odd look. You can't tell if it's a patronizing look, or a look of pity, but nonetheless, it evokes some gross feelings. Those same feelings that ultimately led you to this job situation in the first place. Those same feeli-"Hey, you ok? You look tired?" Says the boss. "Do you need to take the afternoon off? I've worked you half to death already; why don't you take off? It's Friday anyways, and have you even had lunch yet? I'll see you Monday!"You *have* been worked "half to death", you think to yourself. Why are you always so tired? Maybe it's the office coffee; it's so much more bitter than that organic stuff your friend got you into. You wonder to yourself "what my friend is up to today." Wait; isn't he off from work on Fridays? Oh, yeah, he is! Perhaps you can spend some time with your friend!You call your friend up, and you both decide to go catch a movie. It's a good movie; an action movie with one of those genius top secret agents as a star. You've always been able to relate to those kinds of characters. You're pretty smart yourself. You have a wide array of interests. You're honestly not in that bad of shape. Surely you could be *just like* one of these badass agents if you weren't always just so- well, never mind, the movie is starting!After the movie ends, you leave the theatre, chatting with your friend about how great the special effects were. Technology has come so far in the past few years! It's amazing!You say your goodbyes to your friend, and then head to the car with a smile on your face. It's Friday night, and, oh yeah, you and your family always order pizza and play games together on Friday nights! Time to head home; you don't want to be late for this again!When you get home, the sun has already long been set. You notice that a bit of ice has already started to form on the driveway again. It's going to be cold tonight, that's for sure!You open the front door to your house, and are greeted by the embrace of warm air and the aroma of pizza (guess that your significant other already decided to go ahead and order the pizza; no worries)! It's so nice! Everything is so nice!"Hi, honey!" your significant other says as you walk into the kitchen. "Want some pizza? We're playing 'Life' in the den. We're about halfway done, so you can just watch if you want and join the next game. Or, you can take my spot, though I wouldn't recommend it!"You smile, grab a couple slices of cheese pizza (you're vegetarian, after all) and head into the den to spend a warm evening with the family. Everything is just so wonderful."Ah, I see you're winning again!" you say to one of your children. "And, of course- wait, where is-""Oh, yes, that child got in trouble again at school today. He's in his room" says your significant other."Oh- I, I suppose I ought to go talk to him" you murmur, then head upstairs.You knock on the door, and then, after no response, you reluctantly open it and walk in. Your child is sitting on the bed, looking at you with brilliant eyes. He looks so much like you. He acts so much like you. How could a kid *so smart* be so troubled? After talking with him for a bit, you discover that he skipped class, yet again. His reasoning is that school is meaningless at this point; he's sixteen, and he already knows all of the basic fundamentals of secondary education. In fact, he's taken so many AP classes that he's technically already a sophomore in college! But, as he explains to you for the up-teenth time, he *doesnt want* to go to college. He wants to be a musician. A singer-songwriter, to be specific. And, he genuinely could be. He's very talented, and has already begun this career, managing to garner a small fan base around town and on social media sites.But, deep down, you know that the odds of him ever making it are very low. Even with his incredible talent. Even if he *did* make it one day, that would obviously be no excuse to give up on school at the present. You try and explain this to him. To help him hear the voice of reason. He nods his head as if he agrees, but you know damn well that he's not listening, but rather, he's off in his own little world. He's left this reality for another, just like you did so many years ago...As you stand up to head out of the room, you say "I love you," to your child. He looks up at you, thinks for a second, and then says;"Are you happy?"You are caught off guard by this question. "Am I happy?" you think to yourself.*"Well, of course I'm happy!"* you explain to your son. You then head back downstairs to be with the rest of the family, still a little shaken by that peculiar question."Is he ok?" your significant other questions, curious about how the conversation went."Yes, yes I believe so," you lie.The fireplace is so warm. You sit in your big armchair, and just watch your beautiful family play games for the next half hour or so.........After a while, the fire slowly begins to die down. Things aren't as warm anymore, but no worries! You take a generous shot of whiskey to warm yourself back up. Your family is so beautiful. Everything is so nice. Everything is so nice.Your eyes begin to get very heavy. You feel so contempt in that big, fluffy armchair of yours, just sitting back and watching your beautiful family as you slowly drift off to sleep. Everything is just so nice. So nice. So nice....
I'm living the life of a touring DJ.I have a hot girlfriend round the world from me.My family does support my career decision.I'm not really bullied or picked on at school.And yet;I'm suicidal.My arms are filled with 100+ cuts.My girlfriend hasn't talked to me in months and I'm afraid she's killed herself.And I can't take it anymore.But I know you fucks are going to tell me to hold on.Because I have a great life, according to you.Because I should be thankful.Or maybeBecause I'm 16.
I have just been thinking about this.Why is it when someone gets's raped, everyone is like "oh it's alright if you feel uncomfortable, or don't want to have sex or sexual contact."but when someone like me. Which has been social dumped more times than you can count, and have been betrayed, by all the people who meant something. People I have opened up to stabbing, me in the back which their knowledge about me. Says he has a hard time trusting people, and open up to people. They all just say I'm over dramatic, or that I just need to get moving on.Can't people see it's the same situation in some way? It's not as simple as just saying, "Now I trust you" it's as hard as a rape victim just going out, and having sex.
Me and my girlfriend have been together for 5 years. We have lived together for the past 3 years and we have a 7 month old son.About 2.5 months ago I got laid off of my job and lately it's been very hard to find work. We have been struggling a little bit but she's been working and we've stayed afloat. With the stress of her paying for basically everything, we've been a little bitter towards each other. About 5 weeks ago we got into a heated argument and she ended up leaving for the night to stay with a friend. She said we just needed a break and that she just needed space. I gave her that. I didn't text her or call her and just let her have space. Well 3 days later she calls me and tells me that she thinks this needs to be permanent and that she hasn't been happy for the past year. She said that she was going to come collect all of our sons stuff and all of her stuff the next night. She sounded so cold hearted. She blew off any plea of coming back and trying to fix it. She wouldn't answer my text messages or calls after she hung up. She blocked me on all social media. The next night she came to collect her stuff and I tried talking to her but she just laughed it off and said this was what she had been wanting to do for the past year. She said there was nothing I could say or do to get her to come back.I spend the next 2 weeks trying to do anything I can to get her to come back. It was a no go. Nothing I said or did helped. She didn't even care about how I felt. I didn't get to see my son during this period. Well after those 2 weeks she changed her number. Things were going downhill. We share a car so I couldn't find work or do anything really. I had $200 in my pocket. I was behind on rent for that month and the landlord was constantly texting and calling me. We had 2 dogs together that I had no idea what I was going to do with. I was going to have to go live with my mother but I couldn't take any of the animals and it was just all around depressing.Well last week she called me and hit me with the news that pushed me over the edge. She was currently on her way to her sisters house which was 7 states away and about a 12 hour drive. She said she would try and work something out so I could still see him and that she was sorry it had to end this way but there was nothing for her in our town. She then wished me luck and hung up.At least when we broke up, I had a chance. I thought if I turned my life around and got back up on my feet she would see that and come back after seeing how hard being a single mother is. With her 12 hours away, there is no chance of that anymore. My son is gone. She is gone. I had to take my 2 dogs to the animals shelter. I am currently in the midst of moving my things into a storage unit and then moving into my moms. I have no car, no job, and no money.I went from the father of her child and someone she constantly talked about marrying and moving away with to someone she couldn't even bare to see calling her. I am lost. I have no clue on what to do with my life and I am thinking suicide is the only way to make this pain go away.
So around 15 hours ago my brother posted on this, he left a note for me... He has left one for my sister and cousin too on their own reddit accounts. He was home alone last night, my family and I were out on a trip to Brighton. When we walked into the house this morning, I didn't know how to feel. My mind collapsed, I felt the most pain I've ever felt in my life, crying as I type this, I still don't know what it was for or why... He was a happy person, had a big group of friends, was the popular one in school... He never "seemed" to have a problem with depression or anything from what we could have noticed. I have so many questions but can't get answers... He left notes around the house with loving words on them. I miss him.
So it's the Holiday season, I should be happy and excited to spend time with family and give and receive gifts and have a good old time right? And also my birthday is two days before Christmas so I have no reason to not be on top of the world right? Nope, somehow I've wandered here looking for some reason to keep myself alive until then.In short, I feel like a mistake, like God only put me here as an example to regular people of who not to be. I have a few minor successes in life, sure like graduating high school and getting my driver's license (Albeit this year at age 23) and I'm about a year or so away from finishing college, but I always do things later than everyone else, with the exception of high school, the only thing I managed to do on time. I didn't learn how to tie my shoes until I was in 2nd grade, I didn't get my driver's license until my senior year of college, it seems like everyone close to me (Or so I think) is only there because they want something and once they get it, I'm either not spoken to again until they want something else or I'm told what I already come to realize: I'm a mistake. (Okay maybe not a direct quote but it comes off as such)I feel that the only person on this planet who understands me is my girlfriend whom I'm not going to lie suffers through the same dangerous thoughts I do, but she tries to help the best she can bless her heart. Everyone else views me as a mistake, a fat useless piece of shit who can't do anything right. If I lost her I think I'd actually go through with it, I think even God himself has abandoned me as a lost cause. Yes I'm a religious person but aside from reading my bible I don't feel like I do much else Christ-like, or so I'm told. TL;DR I'm a mistake
My mind is constantly reminding me that I am a useless person. I'm a failure in every sense of the word, and as a result I have no purpose or place. No one wants me around and no one would miss me because all I do is cause pain and annoyance to others. I can't keep pretending that things will get better because while circumstances may change, I don't. I will always be useless. 
I attempted to commit suicide last Tuesday. I did it with 350 tylenol PMs, 5 75mg. Fentanyl patches on my chest and the rest of the ambien, xanax and tramadol I had left. I also had a knife and was about to slice into my arm but started losing myself. My daughter caught me. She called the cops. I begged her not to in gibberish because I couldn't talk. I remember her crying and then I remember ambulance people screaming at me that I needed to stay awake and asking me what I took. I threw weird punches at some people and started trying to scream DNR at the responders and next thing I know I am awake in a hospital alone. I lived. I hate that I lived. It is like the world's cruelest joke. It is like I am in hell and this is how I am experiencing it. I have to stay alive no matter what. I told my daughter she was my personal superhero, but deep down I feel like she is prolonging a life that is wasting resources. I went to a psych hospital and had to do some random therapies. I lied my way through it to get home because I just wanted to come home and try it again. It won't be pills this time -- it'll be bloodier. I have never felt more at peace than I did right before I started fading in and out. I want that back so bad. So so bad. 
Hey guys, so I need some help and I want to vent out to someone, so:Until April I didn't have that many problems, just a little bit of stress from school, some rare fights with my parents and that was about it. But in April my mom found some texts on my dad's phone that suggests that he is cheating on her and the more and more nights of him staying at the workplace before she found the messages didn't help. My dad of course denied it all and we were ok. After couple of weeks fights kept coming and coming just escalating and everytime I stayed between them to prevent them from hitting eachother and of course I was the one that kept getting hit. As I said, it kept escalating and they had this huge fight where my dad literally started kicking everything and throwing as much stuff as he could and started screaming until his eyes went red and had to go to the hospital.Some time passed and another fight came, this one happened at night, not during the day like the last one though. They started hitting eachother, then I started to get them to not fight and my dad started screaming and me and slapping me too so, while being angry I started screaming back and started blocking his slaps. Apparently this just made him angrier and he started kicking stuff again. But that wasn't the end of it. He took some gasoline from some closed and started pouring it on me, my mom and the room that we were in. He went in the other room and kept trying to light up a match and start the fire but my mom managed to get the matches away from him. He eventually left, came back and just started talking things like "You'll see what you'll get". They eventually divorced about last month and they didn't fight as much, just some words then and then and my dad trying to convince my mom to get back together(they still lived in the same house but different rooms). For some reason he wants me to get ONLY A+ so I can get into a good high school and as soon as my maths teacher told him that I don't concentrate in class he just came home and got crazy about it. After a lot of screaming, slaps and other shit I just broke down and told him to just kill me or I'll kill myself, he got even angrier that I said that and slapped me harder calling me an idiot. After couple of minutes he came and asked me if I am ok but my whole body was shaking and I could barely speak and proposed we go to a psychiatric( I think that's the word). I agreed but he never contacted one and just forgot about it. Well, last night apparently, while my mom was in his room watching tv and he was sleeping someone called on the phone and she swore that it's the woman that he was cheating on her and got crazy about it to not talk to sluts in her house and they argued a lot. Today, as I woke up I heard them screaming at each other and my mom called me there. When I arrived he was trying to beat her and I got implicated aswell. He started this whole thing by trying to get my mom out of the house and shit apparently. So he kept trying to fight her and I tried to get him out of the room but he got angrier and tried to fight me aswell. My mom got angry too because he tried to hit me and broke some small pjece of wood that she found by hitting him on the hand. And once again, the thing that he's the best at started happening. He started kicking every piece of furniture that he found. I tried to get him out of the house but he got angrier and angrier and started going at me harder.Him and mom started fighting again and he just went crazy and tried to hit her with the belt and as I was trying to protect her he hit me over the hand and I literally couldn't feel my hand anymore, it was too numb. They kept fighting and I broke again and just started crying uncontrollably while repeating to them to just leave me be, he kept shouting shit at me that I couldn't understand. After like 10 minutes of doing that I got so sick of it and just started getting him out of the house with force and hit his hand everytime he tried to touch me(I know that I shouldn't have done that but I was angry and couldn't think well) and repeating that they'll just die alone and shit like that     which i regret saying now. He started crying in the other room saying that my mom turned me on her side against him. He just told me that he'll come and get his clothes and that if we try to call the police he'll burn the house down as we sleep. I am just so sick of all this shit, I am dealing with this shit for half an year and I want to just end it all so I get some peace. I don't know what to do, I want to suicide but I don't know how to do it without feeling much pain. I'm planning to just take a lot of pills before I fall asleep. The police here is a piece of shit and won't do shit quickly. Help please.
I think it's finally time for me to check out of this life. 24 years I have struggled through. Not a day went by in my life where I wanted to live. I think I was born without that desire. I fight and I fight for a "future" that I don't even want. These expectations that I have to get a job and make something of myself are just stupid to me. I didn't want to be alive in the first place and now everyone expects that from me and more. I drive therapists mad with my Borderline Personality Disorder. I don't want to get better, so I toy with their minds instead. Eventually the same process repeats itself and they inevitably refer me elsewhere. No one can make me want to live and I'm so damn sick of their attempts to keep me alive. For what? I truly don't see any purpose to me being alive. I haven't accomplished shit in my life. I'm a financial burden to my family and they're tired of it. They can sell what I have to pay for my death if money means that much to them. I just don't care.I planned my suicide last night in bed. Now all that is left is to cut ties with those who are still in my life to try and reduce the emotional damage. I'm a sucker for not hurting others so I can't see me killing myself without at least making an effort to ease some of the pain. I think if I go where my body won't be found for a long time, less will be thought about me. Hell, I just don't think its possible to not hurt people. What a shitty excuse for keeping me alive. People can't handle their feelings being hurt? THAT'S WHY I SUFFER? It isn't fair. I hurt every day. This is my mind every day. Well I have had enough of it. I'm ready to die. I just needed someone to hear this first because no one in my life seems to comprehend it.
It's too much to cope with anymore. It has ruined every aspect of me. Every day is another struggle sometimes worse than the last. I've gone through nearly 5 years of therapy and still no improvement. I've tried countless medications; still nothing. I'm just at a dead end road and turning back and trying over and over again isn't an option that even interests me anymore.  My family aren't supportive. I don't have any friends.. well the few I do have aren't exactly what I'd call supportive either. I don't have a job, I've never had one. I'm just a failure. I'm only 20 and I've already failed in life. Everyone else has gave up on me, now I do too.
Let's say I want to buy a pistol so I can blow my fucking head apart. How difficult would it be to purchase this / or how much of a process would this require?
I'm an 18 year old kissless virgin. I'll probably die alone becuase all the cute girls are dumb. I think I'm going to end it soon. Going to cut tonight. I hate life.
For a long time, I was upset, I didn't know why. I still don't know what's wrong with me, since the best the US healthcare system can do after a 45 day wait is ask me 6-10 questions for about 10 minutes. All I know is that I can't sleep no matter what I do, my heart races and I have palpitations daily, I have muscle spasms, tics, difficulty urinating, and literal constant pain in three major joints and I am only 27. I can't control my emotions I think mostly because I get at most maybe 2-4 hours of sleep every other night.But my skin is too supple, so they can't see it. They see these bags under my eyes and their judgment is instantaneous. I haven't stayed up till 2AM by choice in over two years.I am tired of being told I can't have pain because I am too young to while having been worked literally to the bone (as in the cartilage is gone) from the day I turned 16. It has been a decade of work without the reward of stability.My insurance company has refused to cover my prescribed medications. I want to hurt someone. They're only willing to give me SSRI's that do nothing for my actual problems.People did things to me as a child and I don't have memories. I called for help, but nobody called me back the last four times. They say they will, they don't, I go through the intake process, I am embarrassed by the pretentious attitude of the intake workers and their intrusive questions about my personal mental health, and then I get no therapy. No followup.I'm alone, I'm scared, I'm angry, it's cold (always feel cold), and frankly I am increasingly partial to the "someone else" part of the "hurt yourself or" question. I don't see the culture I live in as redeemable. I don't see the positive side of it. Either you're privileged and you're okay and you're pretending shit isn't wrong or you're just fucked. It makes me want to ruin someone else's life. Mine was wrecked by a crowd of people spread throughout my childhood making little choices that would collectively bring any intelligent person down. You wouldn't believe half the shit I have seen. Literally that is the response I get: "that didn't happen" or "if you would just get a real job..."
i have a friend who lives far away but another lives close and i see him as often as i can. we've been friends for four years. he's stuck with me through so many episodes, i don't know how he's still here. i can't shake this ridiculous fear that i'm going to 'lose' him one day, o he's going to leave or get sick of me. when he's not around to talk to, i get the most unbearable separation anxiety. i don't want to be that clingy, needy person so i try to shut it down but sometimes it gets so much i can hardly work because i'm panicking. i'm so paranoid and convinced he's going to leave me, he probably couldn't even convince me otherwise if i talked to him about it. day in and day out it's such a pain.. i keep reminding myself "this is why you suck at making friends" "this is why people leave you, because you're always sad and anxious" and i get so angry at myself. the past two days i punched myself in the thighs so much they are bruised and it feels sore when i walk. i have tried many medications and therapy and nothing has helped. i've felt hopeless for so long we have talked about the possibility of getting a place together. i currently rent a room with strangers from craigslist, as i've been doing for years, which is awful and has been eating away at my soul. he lives with his family. he seems fond of the idea but also has said it would be difficult finding a place. the paranoid part of my brain says "hes just finding excuses to blow you off"i hate my brain.. its so paranoid.. i want to shoot ittldr i can't handle being alone.. i get terrified and i have self-harming impulses (beating/cutting thighs and choking) i can't imagine a reality where he's not my pal and trying to makes me wa nt to killlllllmyseelllffffffffEDIT: he knows i have these problems and he can be so patient and understanding.. nobody is like that.. which makes the thought of him disappearing all the more terrifying (who else on planet earth would be that nice to me..) i'm a really shy person and i rarely talk to anybody so it's a miracle i ever met him in the first place...i'm nothing special.. im just a socially inept idiot who works in fucking fast food.. i dont want much else in life but friends i can be near.. i hate being a lone.. its so terrifying.. 
Why can't suicide be an viable option for some people? What if you're not depressed - what if you've thought over it and just decided you don't want to live? I think I should have the right to die with dignity, even if I don't have a terminal illness. I don't understand the need to force people to stay alive if they've decided that's something they don't want. I think I'm more tired of living more than I am depressed, and that's totally fine to me. I've come to peace with death, and I don't see what's wrong with wanting to die. I'd rather embrace death than be afraid of it my whole life, anyway. 
I'm 19 year old guy, 20 in may.I wake up and get on my computer to play League of Legends just to tilt out of my mind because I'm trash. I can't stop playing, it's not an option. I just waste away in front of my computer screen. It's honestly not even what I want to do, I just don't know how to do anything else I guess?I used to not even care that I was wasting my life away until I stopped taking my medication, it's nice to finally feel something again, even if it is just pure misery.I don't know how to drive, I have my permit but I don't have the will to go out and learn with one of my parents. I mean where would I even go, back and forth to a job everyday, just to come home and be as depressed and lonely as I am now?I'll get some motivation every now and then to get my shit together, but that's quickly washed away with thoughts of how ugly and stupid I am. I'll think about the last time I brushed my yellow stained teeth, how many cavities I most likely have, my chipped tooth and yeah I should probably get my wisdom teeth taken out too.I have no one to relate too, I'm the complete opposite of anybody in my family. None of them share the same views as me or have the same interests, none of them are like me. I'm the odd one out. I want to get away, I don't want to be here, none of them think I can do it though and they're right. They didn't think I could when I had the motivation to and attempted to do something! Now they just complain that I don't do anything. I'm a child to them!I'M SURROUNDED BY MY FAMILY BUT I'M SO FUCKING LONELY I NEED SOMEONE. Wait, I don't think I've ever actually been genuinely happy outside small "life events." Why should I fucking continue, I'm not normal, I've never been emotionally stable, somethings wrong with me I can feel it. WAIT NO DON'T SHOW THAT, or it's straight back to the medication! I can't get help from anyone in my family, my mom can't handle it. What are the benefits to continuing, I'm worthless.
I just want this torment to end, I had one person in my life I don't talk or see anybody else, I love him but he doesn't feel the same way as I do, I was ready to die before I met him and for a few short months I thought I could make it, as long as I had him I would just suck it up and try my best to be there for him but it was never going to be enough, so now i'm back to being completely alone and don't think I can do this. I don't have any chance of meeting new people due to no self esteem, social anxiety and a complete lack of hope. I'm pretty sure i'm going to die today i'm nervous but all I have left is regret, guilt and depression. 

i'm a girl, and a sophomore in high school. i'm not pretty (twitter is same as my reddit username for confirmation), and i feel like i'm extremely annoying to everyone although i try my hardest to be nice to people. i have hella arm hair and people always make fun of me for it. i have crushes like any girl does but i aim realistically, i don't crush on the hottest guy in school, i crush on guys who aren't conventionally hot but have nice personalities. but these guys like girls who are shaped and look like fucking kim kardashian. i befriend guys i like to get to know them and they just see me as one of the guys and talk about other girls with me and i get so frustrated but i don't say anything so i just sit through it. i have friends. a group i hang out with after school, but i don't feel as close with them as i did last year. i have many acquaintances but no one i can truly call my best friend or someone i can talk to about anything. sure, i have people i can vent to but i cannot go to them with all my problems. i often contemplate suicide because of numerous reasons: 1- i have no fucking idea what i want to do in the future. like none whatsoever. 2- i know i'm young but i feel like no one will ever love me. i feel like i'm... undesirable. 3- i'm tired of life, tired of living. i do the same thing every day. nothing's exciting anymore.. school isn't going too great either. 4- i see people and they're just instantly loved and have hella friends that care about them and support them and i think, "wow, that could never be me." and whenever i have thoughts like that it makes me really sad like right now i'm literally crying while typing this. anyways, i don't know where i was going with this. just felt like sharing my feelings with literally anyone
Hey, my name is Robert and I've seen a lot of things in only the 18 years I've been alive, and I'd like some advice.. My first love who I had been with for 6 months broke up with me. Now 6 months may not seem like a lot, but I got to know a great deal about this person. She knew quite a bit about me and we opened our lives to each other. I thought of her almost like a wife.. We had been intimate in every sense and I only grew to love her more and more.I failed her. I failed her in every sense of the word. While I was at work, her abusive ex found her and raped her.. I didn't know anything about it. When I found her that day, that's when she decided to break up with me.She had told me he was abusive, but had said she cut contact with him and he never got her. But that was a lie. He took her virginity, and she had taken mine while I was under the impression that I was taking hers. I found out what he did a couple months later, but she wouldn't let me tell anyone. I kept it a secret because she was scared...I don't know what to do now... She's made her decision and cut off all contact with me, so now I live with the regret of not having taken any action against the man who violated my woman. One might suggest I can move on, but I don't think so. No matter how much time passes, or how much I cry, the painful emotions never cease. I have all these memories that won't go away, and some part of me doesn't want them to... I feel so weak and helpless... I don't know what to do...I just want to end it all.. I've fucked up so badly, I feel like I'd be doing the work a favor..
I'm an 18 year old kissless virgin. I'll probably die alone becuase all the cute girls are dumb. I think I'm going to end it soon. Going to cut tonight. I hate life.
Until I turn 20. Then it's all over.
I've not been diagnosed by professionals but for the past 4 years i've been feeling depressed, suicidal, unmotivated and tired all the time, physically and mentally. Right now i see no future in myself and will probably end it sometime later. I know i need help but i just don't know......What should i do..?
I feel really lonely
I'll give you my phone number if you pm me I'm really scared right now and have no one to talk to 
So...i really don't wanna explain the whole thing, this is suicide watch I bet there are 100,000 or more people who will say the same as me, bla bla bla depression, bla bla bla money, bla bla bla my family, and its all true i just don't wanna bored you with all that crap again, what I am here for is to see, how do I sign as a donnor, cause I am super healthy I don't drink, I don't smoke, I even excersice my self, and I don't want to throw that away, what I mean, ugh, is that I am afraid to go to hell, I don't want to, thats why I don't want to make a normal suicide, i want to do ....an exchange, i want to sacrifice my self to save another, that way i might not go to hell, so help a redditor. Where can I go and say hey that guy needs a new heart huh, well take mine, I'll do it cause I'm nice.And obviously my payment could be a well deserved death.
It's really a question of when not if. 
Sorry if that title is a little weird. I have a question about thought process.I've been severely depressed in the past, with suicidal thoughts every other minute, for months at a time. It lasted a few years but I feel like my life has gotten alot better since then, and honestly I still think about suicide maybe every other week, but it's not like i'm thinking about doing it, i just think about the act sometimes.Throughout my experience with depression and suicidal thoughts, i've always been pretty sure that my life would end in suicide.Nowadays, it's no longer that I know that, but now it's like it might end up like that, it might not, and i'm not sure what would cause me to do it.Here's my question:I've been pretty good now for 2 years or so now. Will I ever start to think that my life won't end in suicide?I think i'm making progress, because before, i knew absolutely for sure that my life would end that way eventually - whether it be tomorrow or in 30 years. Now, it's like an unknown, but definitely still a possibility. I'd really like to have an outlook on life that makes suicide absolutely never an option, I just would never think about it as and end to my life. Will I ever think like that again? Like when I was a child, thinking about having a family and stuff at old age, will I ever think like that again?
I've been on a steady decline and I've been off medication for about 4 months. I know the medication thing is bad. But I can't start taking it because I have no way to get refills. But I feel myself getting worse. I want help. I don't know how to ask those close to me. I don't know how to ask my parents or my friends. I have these reoccurring thoughts spinning in my head but I can't do anything to get rid of them. I want to get better but every time I try to ask it seems I put something in the way. Whenever I see my mom I try asking but I end up telling her good news instead. Like that I applied for college or I got good commission on my paycheck. I can't bring myself to tell her I need help again. I don't think anyone else would be able to help me beyond listening. And I don't think I'd be able to open up to any of them..Please share your advice. I don't want to continue down this path again 
This just feels like the only option. I'm so unhappy with my life I don't know how to do it though.I wanted to use an exit bag but I want it done now.I'm so sick of being the fat disappointment of the family who doesn't ever do anything right. I know they all talk about me and how much of a waste of space I am and I really just want to die to have some relief from the constant pain I'm in.I have no love life whatsoever, no real friends and no family that I feel would really miss me except my Gran. If anything I'm waiting for her to die so that I can finally kill myself and be done with everything.
I want to know all the reasons people feel suicidal. I know we can google "top 10 suicidal reasons" but I'm curious what real people list as reasons why they're suicidal.It may help just to quickly glance and see all the various reasons people feel suicidal.I suppose I can start: - No one cares about me anymore. - I feel hopelessly alone. - I feel trapped in a life that I do not want.
I have no friends or family. I used to have my family but they disowned me and no longer contact me(probably for the best consider badly their abuse has fucked me up), all my "friends" turned their back on me when I needed a place to stay. This was my senior year of high school, I spent most of it from a homeless shelter, I ended up not completing high school because of it. I ended up working my way out my homeless situation but I honestly enjoyed life more when I was homeless because at least a few people cared then. The only time I have any contact with anybody else anymore is my occasional therapy appointment, Reddit, and when my landlord messages me to do his laundry. I contemplate suicide everyday first thing when I wake up, throughout my day, and before I go to bed, it has been this way for 13 months now. I messaged my old weed dealer in hopes i could get some and it would make me content with life for a bit but it seems he has a new number which I never got. I went to the store instead and bought a rope and plan on hanging myself by the end of next week. I just want to find peace.
Chronically depressed and suicidal person here. I think things could get better if I last a few more years. Usually I can call a few hotlines and they can talk me down but nothing's working tonight. What do?
They're of my dead grandfather; except his face is morphed into a weird "Plague Doctor" type of shape. I've been suicidal for a while, and I guess my mind has finally cracked. I'm so scared.
It's certifiably fucked up but not terribly I seem to have something called frozen shoulder. And now I just saw a bright flash of light in the sky and think I need to get inside
Drunk*
He said he would help me & that nothing would stop him trying to help me. It's been weeks now and he hasn't tried at all. He's the first one to throw in my face how ill I am and remind that I'm crazy and I ask for help which is a massive thing for me to ask and he promises he would and then absolutely nothing comes of it , I feel even worse now. He ignores me, won't even ask how i am, he knows he's the only person I speak with, he knows I stay indoors all the time by myself , he knows me inside out and he fuckin' ignores me... </3 I would never ignore him or someone if they had come to me and asked for help. I'd feel so so guilty not helping. I was taught the golden rule treat someone how you want to be treated how can people be so heartless? I would like to put in a few lines how he has made me feel I'm not sure what to say. People are such hypocrites they say talk about your problems and yet when I do they ignore me as if im not important and they seriously have to wonder why I'm killing myself! 
I'm not sure how to start this off besides introducing who I am; I am an autistic 16 year old who has schizophrenia and possibly other mental illnesses (no one can say yet because apparently you're meant to be 18 to diagnose some things) and I just can't find a reason to live.My parents had sent me to schools which said they would look after me but they never did, the schools and my parents ignored my cries for help (until I was 14) because I was young or something along the lines like that. People bullied me, teachers didn't help, and other emotional trauma that I had encountered. My high school deemed me as a child who wouldn't understand or obey rules even though I tried my best; they literally gave me detention for doing nothing and they would move my seat in classes often for no reason. My parents took me out of school after I started to show anxiety and tears to them, I developed a twitch, a stale personality and memories that will never leave me. I wouldn't mind telling them but I'm not sure how to fit them in here.I know if I die, people will miss me. My parents love me, my (four) friends will miss me and so will my pets. But all of this trauma that I cry every day about won't go away, it made my social life become non-existent, no teacher would help me so my grades fell drastically. Currently I am at this special school for autistic kids but I still feel the same (even though they are a nicer school that supports me).But besides this, I realised that there is no point for me in life, in the end the world and the universe itself will be destroyed meaning my presence isn't valuable. I told my parents this and they are also worried, but I just can't handle all of this because of how the schools treated me and harmed me.The therapists I go to try to help but I know that they wont, they will just end up giving me medication that will dull my mind, I won't be my self. Even one of my therapists said that it was all my fault, saying that I did all of this and everything else was in my head.All of this hurts a child's mind, making them an inside person with no reason to live, it hurts more and more every day, I just need a reason to live but I know that I can't accept anything, even if I try to.
I can't wait any longer, I am done.
I'm always the one trying to persuade people around me that life is precious and it's not worth it to hurt themselves but the truth is, I've been struggling with depression myself. I try so hard to not let anyone know about what I am going through but at the same time, I wish someone would understand how I feel. I'm sick of crying. I'm sick of harming myself. I'm sick of this place. I just want to leave. I'm not good enough of anyone. I'm not pretty enough. I'm fucking ugly. I'm not skinny enough. I'm not talented enough. I'm not smart enough. I'm a fucking nobody that no one will even notice. I hate the scars on my body. I hate everything. I'm in pain. Luckily for me, my collection of pills can finally be used today. Bye :)
Here's what I think/feel:That terrible empty feeling in your chest, the void, that longing, that desire. If you are aware of it, it can never be filled. All the drugs, sex, human interaction, love, relationships, friends, studies, work, "trying to make the world a better place", entertainment and distractions wont really make that pain go away. You're jamming a bunch of fixed blocks into a whole that is constantly changing shape. Or maybe its not, for example the love or acceptance of a parent. You cant undo your childhood, there is no substitute for the thing that is creating the whole, and the thing you want often cant be gotten.Maybe its nothing. Maybe you're just depressed and the whole is just there. Any notion of "improvement" or "doing things" or "trying to fill the whole" should be abandoned because it cant be done. Its a fruitless endeavour. Theres no end-point where those things stop. You will feel empty and incomplete forever, there is no completion or end point where "now I can have peace, now I can be happy". You're going to suffer for the rest of your life, and so is everyone else.I dont know if happiness is a real thing, I think we're all just too stupid to realize how miserable things really are.We're floating in a void where nothing really matters, we're all going to die, and in the end any "good thing" we do won't have any lasting impact, will be forgotten and replaced with a different problem, or when everything inevitably ceases to exist wont matter anyways. Everything is transient and nothing is eternal.All your attempts to feel better with a "cause" or a "purpose" are in vain, because we don't have any. Any we do have is just constructed and inauthentic, and we know this and thats why it is so unsatisfying. And if you feel that you have/found your "life's purpose" (I know mine is/was to reduce the suffering of everyone) really think about it and you will find it vain and empty. I would love to be wrong, please show me in a convincing way that I am.
I'm 22 and have been dealing with serious depression since about 12 or 13. Suicidal thoughts since 16. I go through an exhausting rollercoaster of emotions daily. I have never been able to afford the help I need, so I just suffer every day with debating on whether or not I should kill myself and I just sink further into depression.This past year my life went absolute shit. Every time I thought I hit rock bottom, I would hit it again. From my parents death, to losing my job from being sick, to being so poor I can't eat every day, to nearly being homeless, and now I've got some new huge thing and it's all adding up.Back in September I decided to kill myself in December. I was going to pick a freezing snowy night, go for a dip in the icy lake, lay down in the snow, and go to sleep. The past week I've been almost excited for this all to end. I thought I was at peace.But I'm currently having second thoughts. Like, sure, I could survive this new thing that's bringing me down. But should I even bother to try and survive when I know I'm just going to keep suffering? Like what's the point? I don't want to die but I am so tired of fighting myself every day and I'm just so tired and I don't know what to do.
I just don't see a point anymore in my life. I work at a job I hate, I live alone, I barely have any friends, and everyone in my family ignores me. I try to get attention here, but it is attention I don't want. I close myself up and I don't let anyone in, because I'm scared. I just really don't see a point of me being here anymore.. 
Hello Everyone. [This](https://www.reddit.com/r/TalesFromThePizzaGuy/comments/4dplnx/i_was_ambushed_after_a_delivery/) happened to me 2 hours before my birthday some time ago. I'm pretty sure I am depressed and have some PTSD. I see a therapist every week, but I don't know what good it is doing. I don't want to be in it so I probably don't give an honest go at it. Since the incident I almost constantly occupy my time with something. Went back to school into a very demanding major that takes up all my time. Finals are next week and then winter break. I am worried my intrusive suicidal thoughts will flourish in the free time. Being a workaholic keeps me from thinking about my feelings. I've had nervous breakdowns and panic attacks recently. I don't like to bother my friends with this. I'm tired of feeling broken and empty. Stuck between two lives.So I'm worried about the next month. It's too much nothing for me to handle emotionally. Thoughts of pointlessness and death being the proper place for me are going to come back soon.Advice or comments? Not really sure what I'm doing here.
I've done school online for 2 years now. I didn't really keep in touch with anyone from my old high school. Tonight these girls ive been going to church with invited me to basketball game at my old school. I figured I'd go. They told me how many people would be happy to see me and wondering what happened to me. I got there and no one said anything to me. They didn't care about me, they never did. The two other girls just ended up talking to some other guys the whole time. I probably won't be going to church with them anymore. The only reason I went was because of how lonely I am. I can't hold a normal relationship with anyone, it makes me uncomfortable when a girl I like talks to other guys ( which they all do because it's high school ). I won't ever be able to change. And seeing all my old peers with girlfriends, friends, going to partys made me realize how inadequate I am. I'm better off dead. If anyone wants to talk feel free to PM me. I'll give you my number, shoot me a text.
I know breakups happen. Divorces happen. But I let my world slip away and my husband left me. Somehow I'm still hurting him even now and I want to stop it. I want to stop feeling the loss and stop hurting him. I want it all to end. Maybe this isn't the right place for this but I am spending so much time in my day wanting to end it and have no one to turn to. 
I am tired. tired of the lies tired of the pain tired of feeling the same my brain is broken the government broke it when they sent me to that hell hole. I was once whole you see no depression no bad thoughts but now the only thought in my head is it will never be the same you will never be normal again you will never be whole again no one loves you they tolerate you at best and a worst make fun of you when your gone. I am alive but I am not living I feel like I am a waste of space I have violent outburst and quite frankly I'm surprised my wife puts up with but I see her shes afraid of me now I'm no longer her special someone she fell in love with . Now i'm just a shell of the man I once was I can't hold down a job I'm angry all the time. I can't provide for my family. I think I will drive my car into the bad part of town and just wait to get car jacked. that way she can at least receive the life insurance.  
Long story short, I'm in the us military reserves, hate my life and every time I need to go to work for the military. I suffer from extreme anxiety, depression, compulsions and extremely frequent suicidal thoughts that will not stop coming and at this point I am genuinely considering suicide as a way out. Or at the very least self harm so that I am forced to get help and that other people are forced to help me. I tried to get help recently through the military but the help I received was useless and I was not offered any further help that I actually need (medication, mainly, just need more help than just talk therapy).Most of my depression is just general and extremely debilitating every day of my life, my anxiety is almost 100% military focused and every time I need to go back to work for them I really just want to and try to talk myself up to self harm and/or suicide every time. It causes me extreme distress to go there because the military expectations that I am supposed to maintain over time are impossible for me to maintain because of my depression that I can't currently afford to treat money wise until next year so I fear the repercussions of not maintaining standards and would rather die than go report to them. Everything has suffered because of my issues, class work for college is always behind as well because I can hardly ever pull myself out of bed. I have also turned to drugs to alleviate symptoms of my mental health issues but that only makes them worse so far. I gotta go to work tomorrow and have standards to show them I have been maintaining that I haven't, all month I have hardly been able to pull myself out of bed. I am strongly considering self harm and maybe even suicide right now, but somehow I don't think I'll be balsy enough to flat out kill myself tonight. I may very well end up cutting though since that seems to be the only relief available to me. So not long story short really, I'm really mentally ill and I am incapable of getting help because of money/not wanting being put in a mental ward to be on my record my whole life and keeping me from getting any jobs and the fact that if my drug abuse got out I would get stuck with a felony by the military. I am actually stuck with no way out and I just hate myself for getting myself into this in the first place, I don't know what to do, I'm really fucking desperate for a way out.
People are mean, plans fall through and I hate my life. I will probably end it this weekend. It's been nice knowing you all
i've never succeeded. but i want to be anything but alive right now, and for the past two months. there's so much i can't even type it all out. i can also barely see through my tears, which i haven't gone a day without in over two months. i just wish i was dead. 
its the holiday and me and mom got kicked out of our aprtment and the we stayed at a friends house......then we got kicked out of there we are know living with my cousins which is bad enough if it werent for roof over our head i would have left along time ago
I was married for a couple years but I've been in a relationship with my wife for 10 years. I recently moved away to continue my education. It was only a 6 hour drive away but it was something. She told me she was going to support me through the rest of the 2 years I needed. After that she was going to quit and we were going to have a child. While I worked.   However things didn't turn out like that. Over the summer she started developing feelings for someone she worked with and I found out about it back in late October. She told me they had lunch and a few other things but never anything sexual. She was coming to see me every 2 weeks for the weekend and I started to feel like something was wrong. So I made it so my iPad got her iMessages. I would check them at night for a couple days but nothing was happening so I assumed I was just imaging it. However I woke up 2 saturdays ago and saw that on friday night she had texted the guy. He was trying to convince her to come over his house and she said she was thinking about it but that I might call so she was scared. And what they discuss wasn't sexual exactly but it was very close. Something a long the lines of "I don't know what to do with you." "I bet you can think of a few things to do with me...."  So I quickly realize that it wouldn't have been her first time at his house, she knew where he lived already. She said something along the lines of, "I want to just type, 'I'm on my way' and just start driving to see you again."   So after calling her and freaking out she admitted that she had spent the night at his house before, lying to me saying she was at her brother's house. However she says they never had actual sex. But that she did give him a bj. Which hurts more to think about then if she had sex with him. However I don't actually fully believe her. I think they totally had sex and maybe on more than those two occasions.   Where this gets really bad is I told her I was willing to try to work through this all. And she told me that she cheated because she was unhappy in our relationship and she doesn't even want to try. However I believe she doesn't want to quit her job. As that was my only requirement for forgiving her. I didn't want her to be working and living so close to this man.   Now I'm here in a city I've only lived in for a few months with no real friends within 400 miles of me. I've never felt so alone in all my life. I was going to go home after finals and stay until after new years. But now I have no home to go to. With the way my wife is treating me you'd think I was the one who was unfaithful. When I text her she's very hostile towards me.   When I met my wife I had a shitty job and was just working to pay my bills and have some fun. But she's the one who got me to really think about higher education. That was 10 years ago. All my dreams had her in them. I planned to move away from everyone I knew forever and start a new chapter of our life together. Now I feel like everything is in shambles and I have nothing pushing me. With finals only a few days away I have no clue how I'll focus long enough to even read a paragraph much less go everything I've learned over this term. When we were undergrad we took a lot of classes together so even my study habits remind me of her. Everything reminds me of her.     Now, the current plan is to kill myself after finals. I really want to see what it would have been like, and I want to know how I could have done if things went better this term. I think, even with all of this going on, I still have B's in all my classes.   I'm trying to decide how exactly I want to do the job and I've been studying the different options I have here. I'm currently thinking of CO poisoning, or maybe taking a bunch of sleeping pills then putting a strong plastic bag over my head. There's no real good place in my apartment to hang myself and I think I would make too much noise and attract my neighbors. Then again if I wait a few days, they should all go home by then. I think the CO option will be easier as I should just pass out fairly quickly, but I'm afraid it will leave my dorm/apartment full of CO and it could hurt someone who comes to check on me.  I feel as though the only person who cares about me right now is my mother and I know she will be devastated when I go through with this, but after she found out what my wife did I've never cried harder than listening to her tell me everything was going to be ok when I knew it wasn't. My mother loved my wife like she was her own daughter. I still remember looking at my mother crying in the front row on our wedding day. I don't think I've ever seen her happier. I took down all the pictures of my wife in my apartment but I still have one, it's a picture from our wedding day right after our first kiss as husband and wife.  I've only talked to my wife on the phone once in the passed 2 weeks. It hurts so bad. And it's continued for weeks now. I'm not sure this is ever going to go away. And I know this is going to kill my gpa this term. I've been thinking about what my life will be now. And I don't think I'll want any of it. I think I just want this pain to stop and to be done. I don't want to look any of my friends in the face again after being so destroyed by the person I love the most in the world.      When I was a young child, about 6 or 7, my father overdosed, I called 911 and he lived. He had been a drug addict since before I was born. But that was the last straw for my mother. While he was in the hospital my mother moved all of our stuff out and we left. Later she told him that if he would quit and go to a rehab we'd stay and he could see me. He tried but it only took 2 weeks before he came home high. He couldn't quit for me. Later he got another woman pregnant and while he was in jail on possession charges this woman named his new son the same name I was given. His name. So he had two juniors. I didn't understand until I was in high school that the man who gave me life didn't love me enough to give up drugs for me, and that he had another son who replaced me. I suffered from depression until I was nearly 18.   Now all these years later the woman who promised to love me no matter what left me for another man. I feel like I can no longer stand this pain. I just want someone to pick me. I want someone to love me the most. And I don't see that happening in my life. So I've decided that this has to be the end.  If you stayed with me for this rant, know that I appreciate you and that we may never meet, but you now know more about me than many many people in my life.   -worthless  **edit: Thank to you everyone for the kind words. You've done a lot to make me feel better about the world that exists. However this wasn't really a cry for help rather a cry for someone to understand. I wanted a chance to talk to people and see what they thought about my life.   Where I am right now, with my wife working next to this man every monday through friday for the foreseeable I can't imagine going through what I'm going through over and over again. Every night I lay here wondering if she's spending the night with him again. I've been cast out and I'm no longer cared about from her point of view. And it hurts. If she loved me but didn't want to continue our relationship she could have quit and moved in with her parents. She did ask what would make this easier for me and I told her exactly that. But her job is too important to her. It's more important than how much I suffer. So she continues to go there each day. While I lay in bed and wonder what I'm doing with me life.   Right now if I'm ever still for even a moment I start thinking about terrible things. I have to constantly be doing something, watching netflix, or playing a game, or running/jogging, listening to an audiobook while I walk to class. Something. Or else the demons come into my mind. I'm tired of hiding from these demons and I want it to just end already. I told myself to just wait a few weeks and see if it starts to go away. But it isn't, it's only getting worse... and worse... I've started skipping my last few classes as I can't even get out of bed anymore.  Much less leave the house.  Thanks again for the kind words. I hope you all never have to experience what I've had to, you're all wonderful people to be here for sorry people like me.  
14F/ i've constantly felt terrible for 2 years now and people say oh it gets better just wait but i think now its just something people say so they can't blame themselves if u die because they said some helpful words. I moved school because of whatever i have up w/ me ive been raped manipulated treated like shit by everyone around me because of this, none of my old friends noticed something was wrong even tho i was crying in classes and wagging school, they were too focused on the girls faking bulemia and cutting for attention. I told myself that if things didn't work out when i moved schools then i may as well just give up and kill myself because i've given myself the fresh start i've wanted to badly and i feel like i fucked it up, i don't enjoy anything anymore, I used to do amazing art works and windsurf and play guitar and all this shit and now i can't do anything and i don't feel like doing anything. My parents would never give me antidepressants because they didn't work on my brother, i just want to run away or just end it completely, but i can't do either because i wont survive if i run away and id be too pussy to kill myself. Idk what im going to do no one ik can help me talk things out none of my new friends know what has happened to me at my last school and i never want them to know
I am not able to do basic tasks like care for myself. There are always giant knots in my hair and I'm actually too embarrassed to say the last time I showered. My teeth are pretty terrible because I can't handle that either. It is really my teeth that both me the most since I can't grow new ones. I've had one root canal already and I know I need more. They hurt me quite often.Somehow, I am in a relationship. It is nice, but my lack of taking care of myself and my constant need for attention and validation is taking its toll. I'm not sure he loves me anymore. I go to college and he works. I'm supposed to clean and I don't. I don't pay rent since I have no income, I just mooch. I get frustrated and upset when he reminds me or talks to me about my lack of cleaning the house because I am deeply embarrassed. I know I should not.It is his ultimate trump card in an argument, but I don't think it is entirely unfair. I'm sure that influences how he reacts to me or whatever.I had been doing really well in college, but I feel like I just got lucky. I would get A's on chemistry finals because the online teacher passed away, get C's curved up to A's in Organic Chemistry. I recently transfer from a community/state college to a university and I feel I've completely bombed this semester. And I'm mooching off my parents too because they're paying for my college. I was looking to go to PA school, but it is so competitive and they don't accept grade replacement, that this fuck up may actually put me entirely out of the running for it. Yet I'm sure no matter what career path I end up in, I will quickly learn to detest it.The most pathetic part is I'm 24 and only on my 3rd year of undergrad. Most of my classmates are 18 with nearly the same amount of credits from AP classes. Part of the reason I'm behind is from working and going to school part-time, but a lot of it is simply down to my indecisiveness and low tolerance for stress.I just want to run away from my problems because I feel like the outcomes have narrowed to the point that I will be miserable with any. I'm so scared I'm just an emotional toxic manipulator or, as things get worse and the consequences of my laziness catch up with me, I will be.I am being treated for ADHD, but the pharmacy never has my medicine in stock and since it is a controlled substance they can't get it shipped from another pharmacy. They can't even hold on to my prescription until it gets in. I should just check other pharmacies, but I just return back to the same one three times and then give up because I lost the prescription.I'm considering suicide, but I'm also a coward. I would love to just leave the car running in the garage and go to sleep and never wake up, but I fear that would also harm the dog and cats I leave behind. On the other hand, I feel like I'm just thinking about suicide as a tactic to manipulate others, so I don't want to tell anyone about because then I'll just be manipulating them to feel sorry for me.I know other people have is worse, but I just feel so incompatible with life.
So useless I'm not even sure if I can end it properly... This will be the fouth attempt
I actually decided to end my own life about two years ago - a few months after the death of my beloved wife.I have no living relatives, and a lifelong struggle with bipolar disorder and substance abuse issues has left me pretty much alone on this earth.My wife was the Yin to my Yang - I enjoyed six short years of bliss and stability - her love for me and mine for her finally allowed me to be 'normal'.  I'm so happy I had those years, but alone I am both unstable and addicted - I don't do alone very well.Interesting story - I decided in the Summer of 2015 that the first serious snowfall that required me to get out my shovel would be the triggering moment.  I'm old enough and unhealthy enough that I'm not really capable of clearing the driveway without assistance - and I figured that was the moment to accept my best days were behind me and take the final step.Crazy thing though - the 2015-2016 Winter was the first winter in recorded history that a tiny swath of Northern Indiana where I live got no appreciable snowfall.  No snow - no suicide.I pray for the courage to do this.  I've studied and thought a lot about how to take my own life, and I think I have made the right choice.Only one real question remains - do you think I should wait for snow?
What am I supposed to do?  I hate myself.  I've started cutting again because I'm so emotionally weak I have to do that shit.  In the past few months I've realized 95% of my "friends" only tolerated me because I could make a joke at my expense.  The only girl I've even actually liked is ghosting me and hasn't talked to me since fucking August.  I just want to stop thinking about all this shit and just kill myself.  I'm so hopeless Jesus Christ: 
I just want to let you know none of this was your fault, I just couldn't handle any of it anymore. You've been the best brother I could of asked for. You're a amazing person and I know you'll succeed in anything you put your mind too! I love you bro, and I know you've always loved me. I'll see you soon.
I'm days away from ending everything and idk I just want to talk to someone right now
(just a lurker, please forgive text and grammatical errors)My life has been shit since august. Husband said he wanted to have a affair, then still was flirting with this woman 2 weeks later. Daughter ended up on suicide watch in a hospital for a week. Husband wants a divorce. Son may have exposed himself to my daughter. Everyone is giving "tough love" advice and doesn't want to listen. I just need someone to listen for a bit. Wednesday, I got tired of someone telling me i wasn't taking care of my kids "the right way". I hung up on her. I told another friend about it yesterday and was basically told everyone thinks i'm a liar and laughs at me behind my back. My mind broke and I wanted to drive into a tree. Went to the mental hospital and got checked out on the advice of my therapist. They were 50/50 on letting me go, but contacted a friend to stay with me. My ex knew i was going to the hospital but decided to continue his business trip anyway and didn't even check to see how i was doing. He didn't even send me a message. His solution was to call his parents and send his mother up. I'm just feeling lost and in a whirlwind. I feel like my feet will never touch the ground again, that bad stuff will continue to happen. Just need a few days to get my feet back on the ground....
I don't know how to talk to people about what happened. The people who know I'm suicidal have asked me not to kill myself and I'm scared they'll get angry at me. For the people that don't know I fear that it will be too much information at one time and they'll bail out because they 'don't know what to say'.I know that if any of my friends react badly it might push me over the edge, and I don't want to risk that, but at the same time, keeping this a secret will not only be difficult (I have deep open wounds all over both my arms.) but harmful as well. 
Bipolar II and ADD. Explains a lot. I'm 22 years old and have been fighting depression for half my life now, but I only started to pursue help for it when I was 18. I've done therapy and medications, but those were targeted strictly at depression. Nothing really helped; after getting my depression diagnosis, I changed my lifestyle, losing a ton of weight and exercising while getting a great job and doing well in school. Even then, I struggled with constant suicidal ideation and loss of will. It was so frustrating, feeling like I was doing all the right things and still having such a hard time. Eventually, I felt there was no point to everything I was doing and kind of gave up. I started staying in, cutting off friends, drinking and smoking constantly and gaining a lot of weight again. I know now that that was in part due to my medications not helping. Depression medications don't usually do a lot for bipolar. It helps for a while, but sloughs off sharply. I'd feel on top of the world for a week or two and then go right back to dreading life, to trudging through for no reason other than because my parents said I should. They're really the only reason I'm still here. I know how much it would hurt them if I died. They've done so much for me and don't deserve to have to put up with someone as stupid and worthless as me. My brothers, too. I love them so much and want to give them the world, but I just feel like they would have a far better time if I wasn't here, taking up space and resources, wasting everything I'm given. My friends tell me I'm nice. They say I'm important. My one friend calls me Wendy because I take care of all my friends, all my lost boys. I don't see it that way, though. If anything, I just inject myself where I'm not needed or wanted, complicating things and fucking them up. I'm not Wendy. I'm not anybody. I'm a lost boy. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lying in bed right now, wallowing worthlessly and listening to fucking Bright Eyes, avoiding sleep even though I know I'll regret it when I have to get up for work in four hours. I went to a friend's house tonight with my lost boys and it was a good time, but on the ride home (where I DD'd) I got into a fight with my drunk roommate. He was being an asshole to me, but I was angry and he was unreasonable since he was drunk. I said a lot of things I regret, even though I know it wasn't that bad. It was so embarrassing, though, arguing in the car while my other friends awkwardly tried to placate us. I don't want to talk to him tomorrow. I tear up just thinking about it. Worthless tears. I've been tearing up all day, at the slightest inconvenience, at the tiniest thing. Stupid. Stupid. When we got home I came inside and gave all my medications to my brother. I had to wake him up to do that, which made me feel shitty, but I couldn't have access to them tonight. I'm fucked up. I'm fucked up. I'm sick and stupid and today I learned I have bipolar II and ADD, but those are just excuses to fall back on, a bullshit rationale to explain to people why I'm shitty, why I'm mean, why I can't do anything right. I don't know what I want. I don't want anything. I want nothing. I want nothingness. I want to go to sleep and not wake up. I want to not have to dredge through another goddamn day. I want to not cry over stupid things, to not argue, to only feel love and not loathing. I want to feel nothing. I want to be nothing. I don't know what I want. If I go to the hospital I won't have to go to work tomorrow. If I go to the hospital I can't kill myself. If I kill myself I won't have to go to work tomorrow. If I go to the hospital I have to explain things and talk about myself and confront my own inherent shittiness. If I kill myself, who's gonna take care of my puppy? When I got her just a few weeks ago, I cried and cried and held her in my arms and told her how much I'd love her, how I'd give her a good life, the best life, how she was gonna grow up and never know pain and be so happy, so carefree, just have the best fucking life. I want that for her. Who's going to make sure she gets a good life? Why did I get her when I knew all along I'd kill myself, most likely sooner rather than later?I wish I hadn't given my brother the pills. I wish I had them. One time when things were ugly, I took thirteen of them from the bottle. One, two, three pills in my hand. It seemed too few. They looked so small, so lonely. Four, five, six, seven. Eight, nine, teneleventwelvethirteen. Thirteen pills sitting in my palm. I looked at them, small and round and white, and I was afraid but it felt so nice, thinking that if I took them all, if I just popped them in my mouth, washed them down and waited, I could go to sleep and not wake up. I put them in my mouth, ran my tongue over each one. I looked around for my water bottle and felt my phone buzz. My friend was asking me for the digital download code for a record I'd bought that I already had a digital copy of. Tigers Jaw, the self-titled album. The one with the pizza on it. I was so annoyed at her. Didn't she know she was interrupting? I spat out the pills. I found the code and sent it to her. I put the rest of the pills in my desk drawer and went outside for a little while. I brought my guitar. Sat under a tree near my dorm and played Tigers Jaw songs. I still feel weird listening to them. My sleep schedule is so fucked up. My psych guy prescribed me sleeping pills when I was in a manic phase and hadn't slept in three days. My mom picked them up from the pharmacy and brought them to my dorm for me, which was nice of her. I threw them away. I couldn't have them. If I so much as opened the bottle, I'd down them all. I'd do that right now if I had them. I can't have those. I can't. That's what's so fucking dumb. I want to not be here. I don't want to die, I just want to not be. I hate myself. I have the means to die. I'm a coward. Am I going to be like this forever? If I live, I mean. Hypothetically. Will I always be suicidal? It's been 11 years. Will it be 11 more? Will it be infinitely more? Maybe I'll get some new medications now that I have this diagnosis. Maybe I'll get on some good shit and I'll start to be happy and like myself and like life, like living, like everything enough to find my own reasons for living outside of pure obligation. I wish I was high right now. I used to smoke a lot of weed, but that was during a rebellious period when I refused to take my medications. It worked pretty well for me, actually, but things got really bad at one point and I gave it up to try and get my life back on track. I started on the meds again. Every time I smoked while on the meds, I'd have a great night, but the next week would be a depressive hell. I wish I was high right now. I'd love to step out of this headspace, leave my worries and suicidal thoughts behind, stop feeling all this bullshit and just feel nice, relaxed, pleased. God, I wish I was high right now. Where do I go from here? Do I go to work right now? Do I sneak into my brother's room and steal my pills back? I would do it the cowardly way. Pills. I don't want to feel anything. I thought about the car trick, but I don't have a garage. I dream of car crashes. I'm begging for one. I want nothing more than to swerve away from a deer and lose control on a corner, to smash into a guardrail and be ejected from the driver's seat, to briefly know true pain and then know nothing. Single-car crash. I refuse to take anyone with me. If it's a car crash, maybe they'll think it was an accident. I have a song stuck in my head now, thinking about that. A Song for Patsy Cline by The Wonder Years. *They'll think the ice cracked at the lake.**They'll think a tire blew out and a car crashed on the interstate.*I cried when I saw them play that live. I'm glad I got to see them. I'd wanted to for years and I finally did and it was everything I wanted. On the drive home I hoped so badly for a car crash because I was happy and that way I could die happy instead of morose and despondent and stupid and guilty. This is pointless. Why am I here? Attention? Catharsis? A bit of both, maybe. When I was 16 I wrote a suicide note that doubled as a will. I'm considering finding it. I had it saved to my desktop for a long time. I don't know when or why I deleted it. I'd have to add a lot of things. New people to apologize to. New things to give away. More stuff to say sorry for. Have to find a good home for my puppy. I love her too much. She's the only thing keeping me here. She's sleeping in her crate and she has no idea how much I love her, how important she is. I want to snuggle her and cry over her and hold her tight, but she's asleep and I don't want to cry. My roommate could probably hear it through the wall and then would make a big stink about it. I hate this. I hate myself. I want to move out and drive to the beach in my dad's truck, the big ugly one he loaned me for the week while my car is in the shop, want to drive there at 2am and get there at 5 and see the sunrise, get a big coat and fill it with rocks Virginia Woolf-style and walk into the sea and keep walking. Last thing I'll see is the sunrise on the ocean. It sounds so nice. It sounds really really nice. It also sounds kind of hilarious in a fucked up way. Walk into the sea and keep walking.This is a rant, even for me. I mean, I ramble in everything I do, but wow this is all over the place. I fell asleep while typing it up last night and I just woke up, miserable and bleary-eyed and under caffeinated. Hello from 7am, here at the 3-hours-of-sleep club. I thought for a moment that maybe I'd feel better today, that I'd read this over and not feel as much as I did last night. Nope! I feel it! I still wanna die! I'm committed, at least. First thing I've ever committed to, coward that I am. .... And that's not even true, I'm not committed. I'll never fucking do it; at least, I don't think I will. As stupid as it is, it'll fuck things up for other people. Apparently. I know I wouldn't fucking miss me, but whatever. I've never been empathetic enough. Apparently some people like me. I need to try harder to change that, I think. Maybe start acting like an asshole and push them off. Throw out my phone or exclusively text criticisms. I went through my contacts the other day, trying to find someone else to invite to my brother's DnD game since someone dropped at the last minute. Half the names in there are people that now hate me and 85% are of people I've let down in some capacity. What a depressing ride that was. I just started listening to Bright Eyes recently and there's a part in the song Let's Not Shit Ourselves that I first heard while at work. I work in a book warehouse pulling orders for their website. It's an okay job. I get to listen to music all day which is great. Lonely, though. I have a casual nodding relationship with most of my coworkers but I don't think any of us will be friends. Anyway. I first heard Let's Not Shit Ourselves while working and this verse came on and I was deep in one of the stacks looking hard for a certain book and I lost my place and just listened, just felt it. It's this one:*Well, I awoke in relief.**My sheets and tubes were all tangled weak from whiskey and pills,**in a Chicago hospital.**And my father was there, in a chair, by the window, staring so far away.**I tried talking, just whispered, "...so sorry...so selfish..."**He stopped me and said, "Child I love you regardless**and there's nothing you could do that would ever change this.**I'm not angry. It happens. But you just can't do it again."*That's how it would go for me, I think. If I lived. If I didn't live, who cares? That sounds more and more appealing. But I'm awake now. I fed my puppy. She's eating and looking up at me, so grateful, so chipper. Always happy. I envy her for that. I have to go to work and the very idea of that has me on the verge of tears. But I'll go, I guess. I'll endure. I have to. For my puppy. For my parents. My brothers. My lost boys. They won today. I don't know that they'll always win, but they won today. Sorry about this. I spent too long typing it to delete it, but if y'all just ignore it, I think that'd be for the best. 
After a hard week that followed a hard month and a hard year and that year following a hard existence.... I'm currently having a midlife crisis at the age of only 19. I guess I should call it more of an ongoing crisis. I'm currently sitting in my car parked on the side of the road because I couldn't control the steering wheel and I'm wondering where the nearest bridge is so I can jump off of it. Looking through my phone to find someone, anyone who would give a damn and listen to me but no one.... fucking no one. 
I just don't want to live. I don't think it won't get any better and I'm just 17 years old.
Jesus Christ I feel like everything is slow. I'm mad and sad and angry at the same time. I feel like a waste of space and completely worthless to everyone around me. Friends, family and those that do care I continually push away. I used to be smart get straight A's. Now I mostly get B's and C's. I feel like nothing I want nothing.
I really tried to work on myself, I truly tried. These couple months have finally took its toll on me, and I simply cannot handle life anymore. I continue to slowly kill myself, in hopes that maybe self harm will finally take me away from all of this, but tonight I made my decision. I am sorry, that I wasn't strong enough. I am sorry, I could not keep my promises. I am sorry, that in the end I fell hopelessly in my selfish desires. II am sorry. Alex.
I have been struggling with depression for 20+ years.I lose my job due to contract work ending every six months to a year and it takes me that long to find a new one.Lost my daughter to cancer ten years ago.Wife left with my son five years ago.A week will go by without going outside or even looking out a window.Just got a letter saying my employment benefits are being cut off due to not attending a mandatory meeting I didn't know about until today.  Tried to get it sorted and the long answer was to bad.So I have less than thirty days to sort myself and my life into my car and all around the time of year I have the most trouble getting through without any added pressures.The only thing I can think about is making sure my son will receive the life insurance policy.
I have been thinking about suicide most of my life, but never taken steps to actually do it.  Just an hour ago, I out a belt around my neck, then put the other end of the belt between door and door frame.  I stood there for a few minutes and realized the belt was uncomfortable.  First time I have done that or taken any actions rather than just thinking about killing myself.  But I still didn't go through with it.  What does this mean?
Not really looking for help just want to know what would cause the least friction burn on my neck. Manila? Cord?
The beautiful part about feeling Depressed and Suicidal is the cold hard truth comes out. I was never really good at anything. I'm not really that cool or interesting of a person. I would never strive in anything I put my mind to. I'm such a burden, I'm so fucking worthless I hate myself. I've got nothing going for me, I don't expect anything good to happen to me. I'd be better off laid to rest. After 8 Electroconvulsive procedures which I think has amplified everything for the worse. I will never feel good about myself.
They say it all hits you when you turn 30. It's happening. I haven't thought about it in almost a year. I've been crying in my bed for an hour next to my pregnant wife. My daughter was there too sleeping. Unreal how it just comes back. I'm ashamed. I know I'm just being a pussy. I just fucking hate these thoughts. I was just bragging to myself how I was gonna post a " it gets better " post to you guys. It's been a terrible year. I had my entire savings stolen from me ( 12k ). I was T boned in my wife's car. Now we are driving a 15 year old car. I don't mind but she does of course. There are problems with it. She is pregnant as of last month. I am still fighting for custody of my oldest. It's all hitting me now. Just fuck. Christmas is on the way. I didn't even pay my rent last month. I had the money....that's how fucking gone I am. Slowly checking out and back into the terrible place.
I feel like a loser all the time.  I'm trapped in a job I hate.  I went to a terrible college.  I have no idea what makes me happy or even if I can be happy.  I'm weak, my dick doesn't work even when I somehow am able to be in a relationship.  I don't think I'll ever find someone who I can spend the rest of my life with.  Who would want me? I bring nothing to the table. I'm literally bad at everything I try.  I haven't found anything I don't suck at.  I try something, I fail, I try something else, I fail.  Over and over.  I just want off this merry go round,  
I don't know how much more I can stand. There's a good chance I'll OD soon. Is there a hotline I can call just to talk to someone while I fade out? I'm quite lonely and would hate to go out that way
There's no other way to put it.    It's simple, it's concise and it's true.     I'm so deeply deeply unhappy.     Somethings very wrong in my brain and I can't fix it. Everything makes me cry now for some reason, and as a 24 year old male, it's kind of embarresing when i'm in public. Fuck, I was just looking up [Paul Kelly](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Kelly_\ (Australian_musician\)) on wikipedia and it made me cry, and i have absolutely no explanation. 
Not sure what I'm looking for, but I hate when people spin their problem and somehow make it my fault. The tiniest things upset me now. I haven't had sex in forever. My job blows and my psychiatrist won't change my drugs. The negatives are really starting to out weight positives.  At first it was just random thoughts of I don't want to be here. Then it changed to thought of getting killed in some kind of accident. Tonight though was the first time I thought of doing it myself though. Again not sure if this even counts for this section but the thought keeps racing in my mind.I'm 90% sure I won't do it and contacted my psychiatrist but I could use some vague advice or kind word right now. Hell even just another person going through the same shit. I'm so tired. 
I have been contemplating suicide everyday for a good few weeks now. I have pills and I just don't think I can stop myself for much longer. I just don't want to live anymore.

This is me telling how I honestly view my life its gonna be long and boring so I understand if you don't care to read. I've ruined my life I was a straight A student till 7th and 8th grade I still got A's and B's but I often procrastinated and didn't do my homework I'm fairly intelligent got a 136 on Iq so I always did a crappy job at last second and made it through. Our school issues personal laptops in those grades and that kinda help to start my procrastination tendencies. I promised myself I would turn myself around and put the effort in and not waste time freshman year. Freshman year came and went same problems Still not getting stuff done did track mom made me leave because of grades major blow mentally. Shaped up a little bit sophomore year. Did track again had to leave again but had the first relationship it was good ended on good terms. Summer of Junior year starts talking to girl eventually ask her out. But in the mean time, I had started looking at how bad my options where I had originally wanted to be an engineer but I knew I would never make it in college with my current school issues. Began to get down and grandpa died for some reason I never cried couldn't understand why I definitely loved him. I thought something was wrong with me for a long time I thought I was a psychopath or a sociopath I wanted to get a psych evaluation but was scared and didn't know how. Anyways things are going great with the girl still feel down and think about ending it occasionally. But things are going well then she starts to send me texts about stuff that happened to her like a guy assaulting her or forcing her to kiss him. (we lived an hour apart) I of course got super mad and wanted to go end this dude and told her to report it to the police she said something about suing him and getting money and I thought that made sense even if it was a little odd. Then more stories about stuff happening to her. Eventually I found out from one of her friend they were all lies and she had been "testing" me. Also, she repeatedly mentioned she had a heart condition and I was always very cautious about it. I was definitely in love with her. After i found out they were lies I broke up with her then I got a call from a close mutual friend who said she was in the hospital and that she had had a heart attack and was refusing treatment because she was heart broken. Basically inferring that she was trying to commit suicide because I had dumped her. I felt horrible I blamed myself and If she didn't make it I was ending it I couldn't live with myself if I caused that. the next morning I conveniently got a text that she was fine i apologized and got back with her choosing to forget past wrongs. Later she started lying again I found out from a mentor of mine the father of the close mutual friend that she had made up the whole hospital thing. After a while I just stopped talking to her and let her break up with me she sent me a mass of texts about how it was all my fault and the horrible boyfriend I was. I was still depressed at the time I was heartbroken and really didn't care anymore. Finished Junior year alright loved summer because I had nothing to be anxious about ex sent texts from time to time ignored them. Senior year which I'm currently in starts taking a bunch of tougher classes basically narrowed down my career choices to a technical degree and work in mine or military wich I like a lot. I never thought I was truly depressed until most of the way through first quarter I had all A's was doing work and working out felt great, and then i kept still having the desire to end it. I Like the military I get to work out there's guns you know what's expected and not much mental stress. But I realized I couldn't ever take anti-depressants or admit i was depressed and be in the military. So i never have tried that I also don't think they are good I have a friend who tried to commit suicide and is now on anti-depressants and they change her. and today I've lost control I don't have a lot of homework done and I'm not even sure it will count because it's late. I have an essay I plagiarized to make it look like its done I'm failing a class and i really don't have any hope left. I think the only way I won't do it is if I get the essay done. Also, I realize this is a no religion thread but I would like to say as being a born again Christian is one of the few reasons I haven't done it yet, that and I don't want to hurt my family. I actually wish there was no God then i wouldn't have any guilt about doing it. This is basically my life story sorry for the read and possibly goodbye. 
Hi guys, I made this account just to post here because as the days go by, my suicidal thoughts keep getting worse.TL;DR: Life events are giving m increasingly suicidal thoughtsUp until a few weeks ago, I've never have a suicidal thought. Ever. I was always the happy go lucky, life is beautiful kind of girl, especially since I move out of my parents house. I was happier than I've ever been. I have 2 beautiful cat that I adore, I go to school to study what I love (Physics and Astronomy) and my social anxiety has gotten better since I moved here. I've been happy.Well, other than my sister, who I moved with. She constantly nags me, yells at me when I'm upset (because she always thinks its about her), she's a one upper, she's spent all of the money I've made working (I help out with what I can, but she uses my card to buy herself lunch and other things that I can see on my bank statement.)Then a few months ago, she gets pregnant. She's not with the father anymore, but now she's moving back home into our parents house. I was only given warning a month ago, and I've been looking for a place to stay since. I've been trying to find a place where I can keep my cats, because they have been the greatest source of happiness and stress relief for me for the past few months.If I find a roommate, chances are I need to get rid of them.If I go back to my parent toxic household, I have to give them up. When I lived there, I had a 13 year old cat who ran away in October, and my dad had the audacity to tell me he's glad she's gone. Toxic, like I said.Every step of the way that I have hope that I'll be able to stay here, my hopes get crushed. At least 5 potential apartment have been rented to others.Oh, let me tell you about my family's blackmail first. My dad has been threatening to not help me at all with rent unless I find a roommate, get rid of my cats, and quit my job. He's under the impression that I'm incapable of taking care of myself and need a babysitter.So, back to last week. I got approved for a studio apartment, that with my dad's help I could live there and keep my cats. My sister was going to lie and say I had a roommate.2 days before the deposit is due, she (and she's been a pathological liar who whole life) decides that lying is bad and tells the truth. My dad immediately shoots it down. I have a decent amount of savings, but the bank doesn't have a branch out here, and I waas never given the information to my account. Since that day, I can't fall asleep without crying beforehand. And when I do fall asleep, I have nightmares of getting rid of my cats, of seeing them get put to sleep, of me being miserable in my parents house, and of me killing myself.If I have to get rid of my cats, I don't know what to do. After everything that's happened since I moved here, I'm not sure if I can live without them.If I have to go back to my home state, I won't be continuing school. And being an astronomer is the only thing I want to do in my life. I feel like I have nothing to look forward to anymore. I'd rather be dead than go back to my parents, I'd rather be dead than get rid of my cats, and I have no idea what I'd do other than work in the physics/astronomy field.All of my hope and appreciation for life has been siphoned away by all these crap. I don't know if I'd ever actually work up the courage to kill myself but I'm watching myself become a miserable husk of a human being.Sorry for the long post, its just good to get it out. 
Hey all I'm in a very weird place at the moment. I had to drop out of school and work a few months ago because my anxiety, depression, pill side-effects and severe chronic pain became too much to handle and I could no longer function. I'm talking no showers, no eating, sleeping all day and crying all day. Any past passion has been completely shattered, humor and self identify exhilarated. Everything from turning my body over in bed to sitting up hurts, it has been literally just surviving and suffering.Thankfully a family member took me in, but it has been a complete struggle. I'm only 22 and lay in bed all day every day in extreme physical and mental pain.  I have been trying to get my family member to try and understand what I'm going through. Isn't that what we all want here? Just to be understood and hugged and validated, is that so much to ask?????She just doesn't get it. It's ironic though, she DEMANDS empathy and for me to understand her, but believes that I don't deserve it because human beings aren't 'equal' as she said. I just wanted her to see it's not all in my head and this wasn't my choice, that EVERY or MOST days my pain physical pain is a 6+ and I feel the emotional pain equivalent to your lover breaking your heart, your family or friend dying, the realization your family doesn't love you.Everyday.This is being suicidal, living the worst day of your life over and over again. People are supposed to support you in these times, and I get none. You literally need support to get better when suicidal, all I feel is worthlessness, uselessness, being a burden, feeling unloved. And most importantly, I feel so hurt and sad that someone could watch their family member struggle with suicide and pain and not try to help or understand. Most people will say 'I wish I knew she was suicidal so I could have helped'. She knew I'm suicidal and still did nothing. 
everyday my mind just reverts to the same cycle of thought. its gotten to the point were im afraid to interact with people for fear of accidentally letting something slip, because the only thing thats in my head is "you wouldnt have to worry about anything when youre dead". and i know i cant, i want to stop having these thoughts over and over and over. its not that i physically cant, per se, i just cant do that to anyone whos dared care for a trainwreck like me. every time im alone, any time im left to do some introspection its just the same fucking thing. i used to be able to have meaningful conversations but now im just a sweating, stuttering mess. every time someone texts me anything im hesitant to respond because that means a conversation and that means more embarrassment and making them worry about me and i end up just not responding at all; i feel so bad about it but its just so damn hard not to run away. and the suicidal thoughts are only increasing, because thats all my mind can think of. i want an escape but i cant think of a feasible one that doesnt involve me not existing. i want to end this cycle of embarrassment and guilt and anxiety and anger and i cant. i think about talking to my friends about it, and ive talked about it with them before, but i just cant now and i dont know why, its just suddenly harder and i feel bad for going to the internet to talk instead people i know well and who trust me.maybe i rambled but i just needed to type something
I woke up to find out my husband had taken off work. He had planned for us to go get our kids Christmas shopping done. How could I kill myself after doing that? If he had gone to work I was going to drive out to a piece of land that his father owns. It is heavily wooded, gated and on a road that is rarely traveled. I was going to park about two miles away and walk to the area I had picked. I planned to just walk into the woods and slit my throat. I knew it would be a while before anyone would find me. I would have finally succeeded. I don't want to feel like I feel and I've tried like hell to change how I feel. I can't. I keep waiting for things to get better. They don't...but thanks to my husband, I breathe another day. I think this uphill battle has gotten the best of me. I don't know how to help myself anymore.
I really need help. I feel like I'm too broken to be fixed and if I can't get better, I shouldn't be here.Second semester of my freshman year, I was sexually assaulted. First semester, I got into an abusive "relationship" that continued through the assault with a different person. Since then, I haven't been able to function in school. Or only a little bit. I used to be good at school, as long as it didn't involve writing. I also have ADHD, but I don't know if that's why I struggle with writing. I failed a class that semester and did worse in all my other classes. Then I failed an online course over the summer. Then I did very badly in a semester of classes at a local college during a forced stay at home. Then I took a semester off. I worked hard to get my scholarships back (ultimately failing to follow through on an important final step for one of them.) I couldn't afford to go to a different school because I'm not a freshman. I depend on an almost full scholarship to attend school at all. I auditioned for a different department and got in, but not for the concentration I'm interested in. When I got back to school, my mother read my journal in which I detailed explicitly my assault. She doesn't understand or regret what she did to this day, although our relationship somewhat recovered. I was already insecure about not getting into the concentration I wanted, but then I was surrounded by crazy talented people who did get in and it hit hard. I wanted to ultimately study acting, but I wasn't sure I could be good enough. So I proceeded to barely make it to my classes for a semester, take two Is and a W and a very generous B. I was also scared of my roommate.The next semester I withdrew entirely. During a week that seemed vital, I felt like I had made my partner feel unsafe and panicked and tried to kill myself. It was my first attempt. I went voluntarily, but I was involuntarily held for a week. It was insanely stressful because no one told me what was happening and they lied to us. I'm sorry this is so badly written and rambling. I'm sorry that I'm being so self-pitying. This summer, I thought I'd never be able to go back to school. I worked at Walmart and as a hostess at a restaurant at the same time to be able to pay off my credit card. I moved in with my boyfriend. This fall, I've been too slow and passive at a lot of things and not worked hard and I don't know how to make myself. I don't own a car but I use my boyfriend's. It's hard to get medications I need. Mostly Adderall, because no antidepressant has done anything for me. I'm really depressed this week. I've managed to make it through acting class, but then I performed pretty mediocrely in class and I fell apart. I've been really sad since then. I also have 2 classes I haven't been to in weeks and 1 I'm definitely dropping. I don't know how to pay for this semester because I didn't finish my Is in time to get funding this semester. My boyfriend thinks I'm as hopeless as I do. I'm a piece of shit and I'm not sure I'll change.I don't want to be one of those people who is basically a mental illness junkie. I see so many people who can't seem to get it together. Maybe because of a lack of resources. But I watched an acquaintance go from a BPD diagnosis to self diagnosing DID. I'm in a support Facebook group, but all I see is a bunch of people who still aren't functional human beings. They work minimum wage or no jobs and they feel like shit all the time. This whole post is too rambling to be much of anything, but I'm in pieces and I'd like to know how not to be. I may not have included important information to answering that.
I have everything ready to go. Just twenty-three more days.
I don't want to actively kill myself, because I'm too much of a pussy to, but I do want to just not longer be alive and I can't think of any reason to stay. For those that say my family would blame themselves and it would be hard: it is all too easy to write them a note explaining everything, and that is the best anyone could ever do. I don't have any real friends, my best friend was my dog, but she's passed on. I've been here before, but the only reason I stayed is because I would miss her. I want to be with her, even if that is simply oblivion.I can't function anymore, almost like my body is trying to die itself. I can't get myself to any of my classes, and that is literally my "one job" if you will. I barely keep up with basic hygiene, and eat maybe once a day, and that's just junk food. Nothing I ever try seems to work. My friendships seem to be on a 4 year cycle, 4 years because that is how long it is between schools. Middle school-high school, high school-college, and probably college-whatever if I can even make any here, which is doubtful because I am already a sophomore. I'm never actually happy anymore. I'm not successful in anything and just another face in the crowd. The world wouldn't be worse off without me, or better, it would be exactly the fucking same. People might miss me for a bit, but they would get over it really quick. I can't interact socially enough that most people don't even know my name. In a few weeks I would have been on depression meds for a year, and I'm still in the same place maybe worse. In my ideal world I would just close my eyes and never wake up. But I may have to help myself in this way. All I want is to be at peace.
Hey, I'm Jake. I'm fourteen years old, and I'm probably going to kill myself tomorrow. I'm just done. Bloody done. I know that most of you are just rolling your eyes, thinking that I'm just another whiny emo teenager, overreacting to some small problem. Well, you might be right. I just can't stand my mom, or the scummy woman that just gave birth to me by chance. For as long as I can remember, she has been telling me what a disappointment I was, how much money I've wasted for her and my dad, how lazy I am, and she has been swearing profusely at me (calling me a piece of shit, dog crap, etc.). She has resorted to spanking me and going bat shit crazy so many times, and she directly told me to leave the house and never come back, to kill myself, and even threatened to kill me by beating me. She is a narcissist, and a piece of shit. I think she has some sort of mental problem, but I can't find it in myself to even remotely forgive her even if all her actions were because of a mental issue.She always proudly proclaims that she is unlike any other Asian mother, that she will support me in whichever career path I choose to take, that she isn't obsessed with just grades, but she is just another tiger mom. Ever since I was about eight years old, she would constantly compare me to every other good student in the year, and if I told her about some sort of award that they got or a competition they participated in, she would glare at me and ask why I didn't do it as well. Even though she always tries to tell herself that she isn't obsessed with grades, she is. Every test I take, she says "go get a full mark!", not in the encouraging way, but she shouts it at me, and glares. I hate that. She says that she has given up on me, calling me a lazy piece of dog shit, and I can't even remember the last time she encouraged me, or even tried to help me with my laziness problem. She also expects me to get full marks in every class, and to get into the top tier for *everything*.She is a narcissist, and she thinks that just because she is 50 and has a vagina she knows more than anybody else in the world. For example, she is a firm believer in the stupidity that is the 'squeeze a pimple and it'll get better' ideology. What happens if I search up about acne and it tells you not to squeeze them (and this advice is from multiple professionals on the internet) and tell that to her? Well, she'll go on a rant about how 'betrayed' she feels, calling me a piece of shit (yet again), and she won't give me a chance to speak - she just raises her volume bit by bit until she is screaming. It takes visits to a doctor and another few rounds of fighting to finally convince her, and even then she'll get mad if I bring it up. Also, she never, *ever*, apologizes. No matter what she has done wrong, she will always blame it somehow on the circumstances, or call me a pussy for overreacting if she hurts me. Even if it was accidental, you should the very least just say, I don't know, fucking 'sorry'?Oh, did I mention that she is also a whiny, overreacting piece of crap? Well, she is. No matter what I do, she will always shout at me, and she will always call me names. For example, if I don't take out my lunchbox out of my bag when I come back from school, she will shout at me, and of course the conversation will eventually drag on about how much of a disappointment I am. However, even if this is a rare occurrence, happening at most twice every year (not joking), she will overreact. Now, if I *do* take out my lunchbox, she will sneer at me and comment, "well, this is the only thing that you lift your ass up to do, isn't?". Like WHY. I can understand if a person has problems in life, but I won't let that be an excuse to vent off and lay down ALL your anger at any person around them. Another example is if I just don't feel hungry and I suggest that we eat dinner an hour later, she'll suddenly get pissed and scream "so you can't fucking appreciate your mother's food, huh?". This happens so much that I literally give up.I've shared some of the reasons why I'm depressed, and I know that there are many stronger people out there who have been through and survived much worse than me, but I'm just a weakling. A coward. I can't face the challenges, so I'm taking the easy way out. She has been insulting me and much worse for so long, I'm actually starting to believe her. She probably won't care if I kill myself, so there's no point not doing it. I just wanted to share this, so bye!----------Thank you so much to everybody to replied with such nice comments when I was feeling so low. I burst into tears so many times reading them, as it felt so warm in a time where everything else felt so cold. I met with some friends and after having a good time with them, I started feeling a bit better today. However, as soon as I returned home, and my mother started treating me horrible again, and for some reason I just cried. I cried and cried so many times today. This is the first time I've felt so vulnerable, and I felt so damn worthless and I felt suicidal again. But when I saw everything you guys commented, I felt so blessed to be on a planet with such nice people. Thank you, thank you, thank you a million times over. I'll try my best to cope with this, and I don't feel so terrible anymore. Bless you all.
My girlfriend is having sex with one of my best friends, my grades are plummeting, I've been kicked out of my family and I'm tired of the depression and anxiety.After 4 straight fucking years of depression I thought that I had beaten it, but as always, I was wrong. I'm at the point that I was at when I first met my girlfriend...she saved my life three times, and I consoled her through her depression. But now it's falling apart, I'm lost and broken.I have no purpose.My dreams were nothing but dreams.I will have no career.My heart has beendestroyed twice now.I cannot take one more stressor in my life without completely falling apart.I need a motivation to live, it used to be who I thought was the love of my life, but now she's gone forever.Now the question is, should I kill my Pseudo-Brutus of a friend and then kill myself? Or should I kill myself in front of her? I still love her, but I don't love myself.I don't want to cause psychological strife for her and I don't want her to feel guilty.Should I just drive my car into a light post at 120 miles an hour?That could appear to be an accident.I'm somewhat giddy and I don't know why.I just found out about her and him.I'm overreacting, but I don't know how else to react 
Theres just no point in even trying anymore. My handful of friends lead happy lives  they have no problem talking with girls and are all relatively successful. I have a crippling fear of rejection so I dont even bother. This stems from the fact that Im literally the ugliest person I know. Every single one of my friends is better looking and more confident. I am simply a defect. The only girl Ive ever loved no longer loves me and it's completely my fault. I want to cry every time I look in the mirror because I look so disgusting. Some people are just meant to be nothing I guess. And that person is me. I will never overcome these frustrations either as I will never be comfortable with how I look. Rather than be lonely and self conscious for the rest of my life Im going to just kill myself and spare myself the misery I experience every fucking day. I wish there was some other way but there isnt for someone as defective as me.  I know it sounds like I'm over exaggerating but that's truly how I've been feeling for months now with no end in sight. 
So recently I went through a rough breakup, we were dating for three years, she was my best friend, and yeah sure stuff started getting rough in the last month of our relationship, but I figured we could get through it. about a month ago she dropped me and now we just dont talk, we talked over thanksgiving break actually but it pretty much ended in her telilng me shes moved on, im just stuck on how quickly she moved on, I dropped out of college cause I was already dealing with depression and it was just the breaking point, and I had occasional suicidal thoughts there but nothing severe. I started joking with people I was talking with that were helping me get through it about suicide, never actually considering it, now, I don't know. Tonight I went to the bridge near my home, not knowing if I just wanted to smoke or if I really wanted to fucking kill myself. the only reason I have to not do it anymore is the thought of my friends and family suffering from it.
Hello. First of all I am sorry if my problems are stupid or ridiculous, or if im overreacting. I don't mean to take attention away from those who really need it.Anyhow, I've been feeling this way for a long time. In my grandma's eyes I'm never mature enough. I'm the oldest child and she expects a lot. Well maybe not a lot but I am a sensitive girl and some of the things she does really hurts.She'll tell me to stop being so hyper if im laughing too much or too loud. If i talk too much I'm being annoying; if i cry I'm too sensitive and acting like I'm five. However I have a younger brother with autism and he does (no offense I'm really sorry if this offends anyone) the stupidest shit. He waves his hands around, spins into things at the store and "talks to his hands"(wtf). He never gets yelled at. In my parents eyes it's completely okay. My grandma just never seems to notice what he does of course. But she nitpicks everything i do.May I say, my brother is 12. I am 14. Not a big difference.My parents (mostly my dad) will also get pissed if i cry over something "stupid". I get really emotional sometimes and will walk off to my room, to avoid conflict. You know, calm down a bit. Well, my dad tells me "*laughs* Are we really doing this again? There's no need to act this way. You are 14. Act like it." It's so humiliating....I can't help it.But my brother, just today was crying about not being able to play video games. Mind you this was at a public place too. And my dad COMFORTED him. I was so pissed. Why is it okay for him to do it, but I'm just immature?Please don't tell me stuff about "oh you're 14....it'll get better with time" or that my problems are caused somehow by my age. I really don't want to hear it..  it feels like my problems aren't real that way. Or rather, they don't mean anything.Anyhow, this makes me feel as if being myself isn't okay, and that I'm never good enough. As if it wasn't bad enough my dad likes to tell me im delusional and they don't treat us differently. It doesn't help. This is why I can't talk with them about this. They shut down what I feel, trying to prove me wrong.Andddd my dad loves to point out how i talk. I'm from PA and have lived there my whole life. Still do.I don't sound anything like my parents or relatives (they're from the west, not California though). I'll say "water" and it sounds something like "wood-er", "towel" sounds like "tail"(i guess.....that's what people think I'm saying because they can't understand my voice), "talk" sounds like, i don't know how to describe it though people say it sounds New York City-ish. "Coffee" is the same way, anything with an "o" will be different.He always tells me I say it wrong and how my grandma will point it out during conversation. Honestly it makes me feel stupid for the way I speak. He tells me how "you have an eastern accent and people will make fun of you because nobody talks that way around here." I don't need to fucking hear it. It's really annoying. Once again, it makes me feel retarded. (I'm a few hours north of Pittsburgh)Yet another thing I can't do right.Oh yeah and I want to live in Philadelphia, PA. Apparently it's a crime ridden city though there are nice areas. People at school just love to tell me how the city is shit and it's incredibly offensive. (I'm not from there but I really love that place). Basically I don't care about myself.If someone decided to shoot me on the fucking damn street, i deserve it.The only thing stopping me from suicide is my friends and my baby sister. I don't want to hurt them. Well the rest of my family too....but if they weren't there I'd say fuck it.I don't know what to do. I used to be happy, more than this but now my life has gone to shit. How do I feel better again? :((I'm really sorry for the length of this post)
Finishing school in 2 weeks, dont want a job, dont want to live life like this, wish i could ether kill myself now or get better, but i dont want to hurt my class mates, so i will definitly wait, fuck tho afterschool, just shit, i cant even think about it without wanting to die
I want to stay here with you all, but nothing makes sense enough for the love to come through. Everything is going to tatters. I'm learning to be alone, and I want to stop waking up this way and going to sleep this way.I've been drinking all day... I don't want to be here
Why do i hate myself so much? I know hate is a strong word but i actually hate myself. I wanna be loved so badly and accepted with my mental illness but i know it would never happen. Im not supposed to be here in this world. Im a nobody. I wish i was beautiful. 
I go to community college and I'm tired all the time. I wanted my parents to be proud of me but I also didn't want to go into debt, so I've been using financial aid. I think I'm going to fail 2 classes, if that happens, I won't have financial aid anymore. Even if I did get through this I don't know what I want out of life anymore. When I was younger I wanted to commit myself fully into something I was passionate about like art or singing. I've been drawing and painting since I was 8, I used to go days without sleep just finish an art piece. Later in life when I told my mom that I wanted to be an artist, or at least something with art, she told me to find something else but to keep it as a hobby. I loved art so much though, I wanted it be more than a hobby. My art teacher appeared to be tired of my drawing style, really knocked my self esteem lower. I stopped messing with art and I'm not as good as I used to be. Artsy peeps don't make a lot of money. I also sang, still do, and do talent shows, weddings, and masses. I did musicals too, my choir teacher was very motivational. I used to be so shy but I became more confident, I got 2 lead roles last year. When I told my vocal coach that I wanted to commit myself to the music industry, she told me to keep studying to become a nurse. It makes me angry because I see her on facebook posting pictures of a latin pop group she manages (Miratti). So someone who I looked to for guidance didn't think I had enough talent to do it. My mom always says to study, and to not end up as a nobody. So if I fail I'm done for. I'm just tired, I feel like I'm not where I should be. I just want to sleep forever, maybe in my next life I can be bolder and take risks.
I have a learning disability I got after 2 concussions, one from getting hit with a hammer (the sharp end) to the back of the head and the other from hitting a metal air conditioner while running. After I hit the air conditioner I was knocked so hard down I hit the concrete and split my head open and it had to be stapled back together. I passed out from blood loss I don't even remember much of that day, just the pain and the agony I was in. All I remember was looking down and seeing blood all over my shirt and shoes in shock and wondering what just happened, then feeling the cold sweat kick in and gently everything just faded to black. Ever since then I cannot write clearly **(my writing looks like a 5 year olds)** I cannot focus anymore, I do not learn and study like I use to be able to. My doctor prescribed some crap that didn't work and it's been almost 2 years since those accidents happened and I still have not gotten better. Anyway, I was thinking about getting a Criminal Justice degree as I sort of just wanted to do it "because". Yeah I know right? Anyway, after looking at some universities I found one and was ready to sign up when I saw something called, "General Education" which is about 36 points and required to get your degree. I thought you just go and learn your major and that's it. It listed every subject I sucked at in school, I sucked at Algebra, I sucked at Chemistry, I sucked at Math and now I won't be able to get my degree because they  require me to do all that on a college level. Hell, I couldn't even do it at a high school level. So now I'm deciding whether I should just kill myself now and spare myself the pain. I'm mentally disabled, I have no hope for my future as I'm pathetic and a piece of shit. Maybe I'll die after a third concussion. 
    the dark draws close    the crows head turns    you ignore my cries    as my life burns    a tormented soul    locked in a cage    begs to be free    from all this rage        tonights the night    the crow will fly    to those who die    and carry them up, into the sky
I posted on here before but with a different username. I had to create a new one due to some much negatively after going in depth about my background and all around life. I wont indulge too much facts about myself but simply that I have the will, method, just need some alone time
anyone else feel detached or disoriented or deluded in a way where you find yourself really taking the election/current events in stride? like, everything was already upside down/incomprehensibly fucked up in my life where i see no way but out, and that the election is just another fucked up thing i have to exist through until i decide to opt out? (or, my personal thought: sometimes things are fucked up in a way where it isnt necessarily the best choice to try to salvage it)
In the summer, anxiety came into my life (Or so it's thought, I haven't been diagnosed, but this is what a social worker told me they thought). I didn't have any insurance at the time and the only option I had was my job's excuse to say they give part-time employees anything, five free sessions with a therapist. The first visit was pretty bad, I wanted to kill myself after it. The next week I went back and I told the therapist, and he goes, "So What?"Time passes, things get worse. I can't stop crying at work and I don't know why, sounds and light hurt, talking to people is very hard, and I feel very, very down. I hear voices occasionally basically insulting me and saying I'm shit. I quit my job last week because I just couldn't do it anymore, my boss' boss told me I'm at work, I should be working, and if I shouldn't, I should call out (Part-Times employees got 0 PTO days).I tried going to a mental ward, they gave me a referral to a place they said would take me for free. I call them, and they tell me I do need insurance. It gets really bad, and I go to another mental ward, they send me to two other places, and the one that could take me told me I'd need to wait three months. This is my 14th fucking time trying to get help and being re-directed and I am tired. I don't have things I like to do, I don't go outside anymore or talk to people outside of Social Media/My House, and I don't have any dreams or desires at this point at my life. No drive, no goal, I could lose everything at this point in my life and just...not really care.I keep trying, but I feel like it isn't worth it.What's the point of living if you're in mental discomfort a good 75% of the time and you can't get help? What's the point even if I try my hardest to work through it, and I basically get intimidated into leaving my job. 
I apologize if I'm reaching out to the wrong community.  This seems like the largest and a very supportive group that would be able to respond in a timely manner.I'm a father, my daughter has cut herself in the past (13).  It was small and we talked plus she sought counseling through the school she attends.  Today I noticed strange behavior (holding her sleeves, wearing long shirt in hot weather).  End result she cut herself again, but her entire arm.  30+ times from wrist to elbow, looks like was done yesterday.We talked for 2 hours.  People told her she was worthless at school (schoolmates), she feels like she's a disappointment to us (her mother and I, separated, split custody week on week off).  Makes her feel invisible when she cuts which feels better to her.Tomorrow I was leaving for an extended weekend with multiple events.  I have cancelled all of them.  Going to contact the mother to keep my daughter over the weekend and discuss what is going on.  I don't feel like she should go to school tomorrow or friday and that we should leave tomorrow to anywhere but here.  I want to take her to her grandparents, I don't want to keep any of this secret.  I feel like everyone in the family should know so they can talk to her about it.I have no idea what I'm doing, I'm just making this up and going on gut instinct.  Going to spend next few hours researching self harm help.  I have never done self harm, usually empathetic, can't connect with this.  I don't know what to do.  I bandaged her in case of infection and cleaned the wounds.  I laid down with her till she fell asleep.  I have no idea what I'm doing.Edit: Thank you.  I have no words, all of you have helped me to start picking up the pieces.  Talked the past hour to her mother.  We are all meeting up to have breakfast in the morning.  I have some local numbers to call and ask about counseling while her mother and her talk.  We're leaving after to go camping and traveling for as long as my funds will last.  She's always wanted to see a waterfall.  I won't tell the rest of the family till she wants too.
I've been thinking about suicide for a few years, everyone just says that things will get better but the never do. I've already decided on going into a sealed room and burn coal and go to sleep. I really don't want to die (I fear that I will just go to a different universe where it would have been perverted) but with nothing to live for and no one who I know that cares (my mom has made it clear that she hates me and I have only a few friends who all use me for cheap drugs) I see no reason why I shouldn't just try. Maybe I'm trying to be talked down I don't know but I'd like to hear from people who have went thru this hell and found a light something to look for. 
Planet earth, the place where I live. We live. Who owns it? you? naah. nobody owns this shit. It's just a big ass piece of rock with humans on it. So why the fuck should I follow orders from anyone? Why can't I just run away from home and live in nature if I want to? Why is everyone expecting me to be a certain way, can't I make my own choices? This is what I hate about this planet. We are forced to go to school, do shit we don't want to do. But I'm tired of obeying. Next week I'm going to run away from my home. What pisses me of is that cops are going to look for me, my parents will be looking for me, and I will make a big ass mess at my school because everyone will be wondering where I am. Can't I just do what makes me happy without enyone making a big deal out of it. Fuck man. I hope nobody finds me.
If I don't get help it's over for me. I have the materials I need. A big part of me wants to die but a small part wants to fix myself.I've done therapy, meds. They didn't really help and I've become progressively worse since the summer. I beat myself. I abuse drugs. I want so bad to just take the last step. I've never been this bad.I just failed another test. How can I fix myself when anything that happens like this makes me go home and abuse myself. I want to die.How do I at least get through the semester? How the fuck do I tell my mom I want to kill myself and ruin her christmas break? I need help but I don't know if I have it in me to find it.
I've tried before but I couldn't make myself do it. I'm bad at everything. I don't want to have to deal with all of my shit. If I ever actually somehow do fix everything, then I need to learn how to live in the real world. I can't learn all of this stuff this stuff can't be fixed. I wish I could just be dead. All I do all day everyday is wake up, watch youtube, sleep, repeat. I hate it. I'm a leech on society. They actually at least do things. I'm 19 years old and I act like a fucking 5 year old. I hate myself Nothing works for me. I'm broken, I wish others would just throw me away.
I just want to apologise for the length of my rambling and maybe the formatting I'm on mobile.I'm 19 years old and transgender. Everyday it's harder and harder to do anything. Everything I do makes me feel shit inside. I had an apprenticeship as a software developer and I really didn't enjoy the job/pay so I left and started working in a supermarket. I've only been there a few days and I feel that whilst it's not the worst job I really don't want to be stuck here. I attempted to go to uni in September but I couldn't cope with my mental health and not having transitioned alongside moving away from home and the friends I have that support me being trans. I want to reapply to uni for next September and hopefully have transitioned by then but everyday just feels like such a mountain to get over. I have no money right now, I have extremely low self confidence and intense anxiety that leads me to do nothing about anything. The one thing I enjoyed and actively wanted to make into a future was playing League of Legends but realistically making a career from that is unlikely. Especially because I'm unable to play well/have a personality when I'm not really me. I don't want to kill myself but everyday all I think are things like "maybe I should cross the road with my eyes closed and see if I'll get hit by a bus" or "why not just try loads of drugs and see if they make you feel better" or "if you ever pass as a girl even slightly you should sell your body to weird men because you're going to hate yourself anyway might as well make profit too". I know their fate is often drug addicts, abuse victims and low mental state but I have a low mental state anyway, being a drug addict/abuse victim would give me some legitimacy to my shit feelings. I know that it's such a stupid thing to think, to want to be an abuse victim like that's an awful thing and I wouldn't wish it on anyone yet my mind is telling me to make that my life. I feel so ungrateful because I actually have a really supportive family who have been okay with my decisions of starting and quitting everything (although they are quite openly disappointed they'll always say "it's your life you have to do what's right for you"), I have supportive friends who are very okay with me being trans and presenting however I want (haven't taken them up on that offer because I have way too much anxiety), I have a house that, whilst it's small and I don't have any privacy, keeps me warm. My family have food in the house so I'm able to eat, running water so I can be clean and hydrated. I have all these things whereas so many people here have abusive/narcissistic parents or get bullied I don't have any of that. I mean sometimes my dad goes off and is very angry and shouts me down and makes me feel small or my mum emotionally guilts me (not on purpose though) like it's not that bad I suppose.I remember when I was 13 I was really depressed and said "if I'm not okay by 18 I'll kill myself but until then just try to enjoy whatever", on my 18th I said "it's not really better but I might as well finish school and try uni to see if that's better so when I'm 21ish, if it's not better than I'll kill myself". Well I'm not at uni now so hey. Killing myself has always been an option in the back of my mind and I think it's holding me back. I had an amazing summer after my exams that made me think I was getting better, but as summer winded down and I realised I no longer had that freedom, and I would never have that again in a job (and after leaving uni realising that I'd lost my only chance at still being a kid stung me because I never not to be a kid of my actual gender). I guess that's why I'm so desperate to go to uni purely because I don't want be a real adult yet, I'm not ready but I have to be. My parents no longer support me with pocket money so I have to earn money to do what I want (like most people) but this realisation really hurts me. I'm not ready to be an adult I'm still not my actual gender.And to top it all off, my best friend who I absolutely love (and had started to develop a crush on her again - I had a crush but thought I was too worthless to date her so I'd just try to be her friend, became best friends, no longer had a crush and now it came back) has started dating this guy who I've always felt inferior too. It just adds insult to injury as I was going to ask her on a date but he already did. Everything in my life he's always just been better than me at it. And I want to be so happy for her, but it just makes me feel so worthless, inferior, unloveable. And a little one, the name I thought I had settled on my parents don't like so now I'm super conflicted. So I'm back to looking for more names but none of the names I find seem like me (tbh neither did the one I had thought I'd settled on) but I don't want to have a very masculine name when I'm a feminine presenting person.Weirdly I know what the solutions to my problems are. And the solution means waiting months of not years. Work on my voice (that I'm too anxious to do because I know I'm going to sound like a freak), laser hair removal on my face (that I can't afford right now and the NHS will eventually pay for but idk when they'll send me the funding letter), rebuilding a wardrobe(again that I can't afford).  I saw this super cute dress I wanted to wear to a Christmas party coming up but I can't afford to buy it or I wouldn't be able to have lunch for a while and I'd probably have to walk an hour to work. But these things all take a lot of time and money, and I don't know if I'm going to make it.
So where do i start? This is going to be long so sorry for that :(. I wanted to start at the begging of my life. What i will say right now is before my dad had divorced: So when i was small i always thought that i was never loved by my parents, this was because i never really ever see like baby photos of me or anything, these were only kept of my sister and i never got to see what i looked like. Down the line in Primary school(Grades 1-7) i figured that i wasn't the "popular one" and no girls ever spoke to me like ever. Not only because i was shy but because i think i look rather not attractive since i am fat. I never ever spoke to girls and they didn't speak to me either. Along the line and moving on to High school(Grades 8-12) i figured something happening to me. I knew this was something since my mum and dad had taken me to the doctors before but did not remeber if it was the same thing that was happening to me. What i had looked down and saw that i had a larger private part swelling than usual. In some cases this is diagnosed as testicular cancer but i never had it looked at because of my fear of finding out if i am diagnosed with it. Till date i never had a single girlfriend and no one had ever liked me throughout my entire schooling career. I try meting a few people online and around the area via WhatsApp etc. but when i send them my picture they either block me or delete me :( So having a relationship is something i feel i would never have now since mostly no girls like me and i probably get blocked because of how i look. I also tend to have heavy breathing as well as heart pains here and then and was warned by a doctor at a smaller age to keep of the sodas etc but here i am today with a possible heart condition judging from the pains etc. I am fat yes and probably no girl would ever go for me since ive been around 18 years dealing with what i said above. In high school i was failing most of my subjects in the few years and this added up to my misery. I just wanted to go. I was bullied a bit in school because of my weight and no girl liked me. I told a close friend that because of all of my life conditions that i wanted to end it but i guess i told the wrong guy. The guy who i told all my problems and stories to in the 8th grade made it public and everyone in my High school class knew that i wanted to end my life, thats when i almost tried ways to take my life but stopped because i just wished for the best. During these high school years my parents divorced and i couldnt focus on my final exam for my final year in high school. In the final year of my school term i was really getting poor results but i remembered that my dad promised me a car that i always wanted, it was my dream car and i was going to try working towards this! He said if i had acheived a few A's in my school report in my final year that he would get the for me. With this and the car in mind i had so much of excitement in my mind that everysingle thought of killing myself had almost virtually vanished away. So what happened after?, at the end of my schooling career i actually made it to acheive the A's that my dad wanted me to get, this was one of my biggest acheivements in my life at that time since i had always failed my classes in the term but just scraped passes here and then and it turned out that i finally passed my schooling career with a "Bachelors pass". Me and a few friends went out at 12 that night eagerly waiting for the final year results from our school(Our school results for the final year had been printed out in the local newspapers) At 12 that night i found out that i actually passed my final schooling career with such a great pass. I immediately called my dad and sister since my mom was asleep with this in mind i also remembered the deal that my dad made with me if i get good grades and that he would get my car but when i called my family didnt bother much about my acheivement. Fast forward a year later and my dad gets re married to a kind of evil woman. She was the one who made the decisons in the house thereafter and this ended up in me not getting the one and only dream i ever wanted that saved me, the car. I now have step mom and brother. My dad does not care about me anymore but he rather buys most stuff for his new family and step brother instead of me. I always stay in my bedroom locked because my step brother and his mother irritates me, i have no freedom and whatever i get my step bro gets and his only 11 i got an iphone 7 and he wanted one too they almost bought it for him too.We always argue but i always find piece going to my Mums house since she is now living alone in my Hometown. I get bleeds from the internals of my behind too every single day when going to the toilet every single time , this combined with the "testicular cancer" kind of symptom since i never tell anyone my problems and never got checked. ALong with the heart problem and messed up life is why i want to go i tried everything and have failed. I am fortunate enough to go to college but i also fail some of my subjects there too. There is much more about my step family and my dad and how he changed but i will make a part two if anyone cares to know more. Sorry for the long post. Just want some feedback. Thank you guys. We are strong.
I want to go and never come back. I am so tired all the time. I hate myself for the way I look, my heritage, and the left side of my brain. I am stupid when it comes to words and how to write things properly. I am terrible at math. I am fat. I am constantly miserable. I put on a face around the people I work with and the people I care about but when I get home, I just crash from all of the socializing I had to do. I procrastinate cause when I reach a problem in my work that I don't know how to solve, I work it still my brain hurts and it gets to the point that opening up the program gives me terrible anxiety. And I mentally beat myself up to the point my negative side takes over and I fucking hate it.I've tried talking to people who I feel very close to and the suicide hotline and I can't stand either of those choices anymore.The people I talk to either don't know what to say and ignore me. Or they get slightly annoyed and tell me that all my free time that I spend watching YouTube videos (which I do to de-stress) should go towards exercising. I want and know to accept that logic, but what I have come to figure out by going to my psychiatrist and group therapy is that it is all a state of mind. I can not get rid of it but I should learn to take my good points and help them grow to be even stronger than my negative. I fucking know how it fucking works but to get annoyed with me and tell me to suck it up, while true, does not help my negativity. It just feels like they DONT want to help me by acting like that.The suicide hotline, though, is different. Whenever I have called them or texted them before, I felt like I was talked down to. Like a child. The slow talk doesn't help. I know they are trying to but I can't get that paranoia out of my mind when I talk to them.I want to get better. I know that my dream of becoming and animator and doing cool shit that will wow people is real. But this perpetual state of mind hurts me and everyone around me. I can't get out of it and through the help I've gotten, it feels like a deeper hole I've dug myself into. I want everything to go away.
I'm only 15 years old and in tenth grade, but school has been difficult for me. I feel depressed everyday I wake up. I used to have friends from elementary school who go to the same school as me but they just drifted away from me. Now I feel lonely at school and home with nothing to do. I tried talking to my family but they just don't understand how I'm feeling. I'm too shy to make new friends because I'm scared what they will think of me. I think I'm underweight too being 5'6 with 115 lbs. I've considered suicide but I'm just afraid to do it.
...because everytime I drive a car, I constantly think about switching to the other lane and fronting with a truck or driving into a tree....because everytime I walk home in the middle of night, I kind of hope I will be backstabbed by a robber....because everytime I open my window to smoke a cigarette, I think about wether or not I would die if I jumped down....because everytime I wake up, realizing I have to go to work again, I just want to end it all.I am lazy, have no energy and always procrastinate. I don't take care of my body nor my apartment. As soon as I drink I want to get high. I overthink and overanalyze everything to the point where my mind can never rest. I feel like I have potential for much, but I quit everything I pick up. I have no long-term hobbies nor anything giving me happiness in my life. I want to be a good person, but I have so much anger and hate in the way of it. I feel like nothing is worth it, I don't even want to attend my own birthday. I have no ability to actually have control of my money. I live in a shitty apartment without a shower. I put on a mask with every human I talk to. I don't like my parents. I have no mountain in my life to put trust and lean on to.I want to live a happy life. I don't want to die, but I constantly think of it, and now to the point where I'm terrified of what I might do to myself.I don't know what to do.
I'm 18 years old, failing my first semester in college in a career path I don't want to be in. I'm an embarrassment to my mother and I haven't talked to my father in years. I'm going to kill myself tonight. I'm not here for support. I just want someone who's maybe going through the same thing to read this. Suicide is something that eats you away from the inside and honestly for as long as I remember I've always wanted to kill myself. I want someone who's reading this and maybe thinking about killing themselves to know that I dont want them to. I think that Ive hit rock bottom even though theres always a fight to be had to get better. So instead of doing what I'm going to do tonight, keep going. There's more life to live and yes, I'm contradicting myself but I want to help people. In life and death, I want to help people and if this saves even one person, then Id be happy.  
I want to go and never come back. I am so tired all the time. I hate myself for the way I look, my heritage, and the left side of my brain. I am stupid when it comes to words and how to write things properly. I am terrible at math. I am fat. I am constantly miserable. I put on a face around the people I work with and the people I care about but when I get home, I just crash from all of the socializing I had to do. I procrastinate cause when I reach a problem in my work that I don't know how to solve, I work it still my brain hurts and it gets to the point that opening up the program gives me terrible anxiety. And I mentally beat myself up to the point my negative side takes over and I fucking hate it.I've tried talking to people who I feel very close to and the suicide hotline and I can't stand either of those choices anymore.The people I talk to either don't know what to say and ignore me. Or they get slightly annoyed and tell me that all my free time that I spend watching YouTube videos (which I do to de-stress) should go towards exercising. I want and know to accept that logic, but what I have come to figure out by going to my psychiatrist and group therapy is that it is all a state of mind. I can not get rid of it but I should learn to take my good points and help them grow to be even stronger than my negative. I fucking know how it fucking works but to get annoyed with me and tell me to suck it up, while true, does not help my negativity. It just feels like they DONT want to help me by acting like that.The suicide hotline, though, is different. Whenever I have called them or texted them before, I felt like I was talked down to. Like a child. The slow talk doesn't help. I know they are trying to but I can't get that paranoia out of my mind when I talk to them.I want to get better. I know that my dream of becoming and animator and doing cool shit that will wow people is real. But this perpetual state of mind hurts me and everyone around me. I can't get out of it and through the help I've gotten, it feels like a deeper hole I've dug myself into. I want everything to go away.
I'm done. I'm so. Fucking. Done. With everything. I'm a failure at everything I do. I'm a failure at my eating disorder (4 years), I'm a failure in math even though I study for hours, I'm worthless. I studied super hard for a math unit test, and came out with a 52%. I want to kill myself after every mark I get in math. I want to starve myself to death so it's slow and painful and I get the pain that I deserve. I know its not rational, but there's nothing more crushing than consistently failing tests that you work so hard for. This is in tenth grade, it can only get worse from gere.
I'm just so tired. I'm tired of the judgement from the few people I have told that I am suicidal. I'm tired that I have these "feelings" that over power me.I can't talk to anyone about it anymore cause they either don't know what to tell me so they ignore me. Or they get annoyed that I'm just not trying hard enough and that all my problems would be solved if I used the time that I take to de-stress by watching mindless YouTube videos to work out or do homework. I understand where they are coming from and I wish I could go into that mindset and just do it but most of the time, the exercise just makes me think more about how much I hate myself and I get paranoid. Slightly similar to homework. The last is the suicide hotline. I know they are meant to calmly talk to you and say positive things but I can't shake the feeling that it's all fake and I end up thinking how stupid I am for calling them.I am fat. I think I have a mental illness cause I cluster when I talk and think. People think I'm lazy because I don't work hard enough for them. I have hated myself for so long (since I was 14) that it consumes me when I accept that I did something wrong.I want to be free of this pain and just love in the world's that I have been wanting to create but with the need for money and college and all that crap... It feels very do or die. I can't be creative anymore. I feel like I'm choking. I want to die.
I've gotten myself stuck in a bad situation and would really like some advice. I'm a 24 M, and have gone to college for 5 years now, took a year off to work in 2014 when I changed majors. I am very quiet and have a hard time talking to people. My new major - music - became a problem because although I'm passionate about it, for some reason I can't stand people watching me play. I got A's in the music theory classes most others had trouble in, but I wished I could be invisible so I could learn without interacting with the others - been kind of a life long pipe dream of mine. I have this weird concept of myself where I never look at my face in the mirror, and especially cannot stand any discussion about me. I was in a small college band this spring where we preformed songs we each had written, and during the concert I remember thinking 'this isn't fun at all, when will this end!' I know stage fright is a normal thing but I was just done after that show. I quit the group, and I know my professor was hurt and mad at me, but I still haven't talked to him and blocked his number too. I like to avoid confrontation or else I push it off till the last possible moment when it explodes on me. Like now. So this fall I'm teaching myself music stuff while still working at McD's, but my parents think I'm taking classes and will graduate soon. I live far enough away where I have kept this lie going since August. And I know something's really wrong with me now, because this last week I realized I'd rather die than talk to them about what's happened. I'm starting to think of different ways and dream of the peace afterwards and that makes me sick! I enjoy reading/making tunes on the piano but lately I'm so worried about my situation that I just pace around my apartment or lie in bed, only leaving to go to the work I don't enjoy or buy groceries where I fear running into an old classmate or professor. Don't have friends I hang out with, let alone I'd trust keeping this a secret with. Plus there's a financial situation where I buy things with a credit card and then sell them online to help make rent/bills. Not very thoughtful for the long term. And this month I'll have student loan payments to start paying. $32,000 in total debt! My parents have offered me some money but I feel sick to ask for more when I'm lying to them like this. I really just don't want to die. Thanks for reading. 
I get really guilty when I don't tell things to certain people. I feel the need to fess up to my friends supporting me if I make a suicide rehearsal, etc. So important people my life know I'm suicidal and I update them fairly regularly. Kind of out of guilt thay I'm doing bad things and thinking bad thoughts and I need to confess. Probably a manifestation of Catholic Guilt tbh but I digress...And over Thanksgiving break from college I had to see my dad, who cheated, divorced my mom and remarried. And he was being really rude to my little sister and my mom and I started fantasizing about the car I was stuck in with him crashing and killing us both. I've thought once or twice before that if I was going to kill myself, it'd do the world some good if I took him out with me. He truly is awful.When I started with this therapist a few months ago I was asked if I had suicidal thoughts or homicidal thoughts. I said yes, suicidal, and no, not homicidal. Now I don't know if that's accurate. And it scares me. I don't want to be seen as dangerous and crazy. I think(/hope) it's pretty normal to think violently when extremely provoked. I'm worried that my therapist will subconsciously judge me if I classify myself as having homicidal impulses, even if it is super rare, and it will change our blossoming and helpful relationship. If I admit to homicidal thoughts, is he required to do anything? Tell anyone? Do I go on some watch list? I have no real desire to do hurt him, nor means or even a plan. Advice if this is something I can keep to myself?
Idk why I'm even saying this. Not looking for pity or anything like that. I guess maybe I have the smallest amount of hope that saying(or typing) this will make me feel slightly better. (Doubtful) So the two reasons I've yet to kill myself, even though the sweet release of death is something I've craved for as long as I can remember. 1. I've done great deals of research on suicide and its various methods. Thru this research, I've discovered only one method that is both foolproof and seemingly painless(or as close to painless as killing yourself can possibly be). This would be, of course, jumping from a great height. Ideally, a building of 35+ stories. The reason I have yet to do this is that there is always the very distinct possibility of harming another human being. Someone will either see me smack the pavement with a horrendous thud, and very possibly be horrifically traumatized by this. Or worse, landing on someone and almost undoubtedly ending their life inadvertently. If this, however, was the only reason, it would not be enough to stop me. I would take that plunge in an instant, giving zero fucks about the consequences. Which leads us to reason number 2. My older sister, my mother's only other child, died a little over two years ago. This destroyed my mother. And I feel that if I were to also die young (currently 22), she would lose what little sanity she has held onto. I'm disgusted in myself for resenting my sister for this because, as I stated earlier, I've been wanting to die so desperately for years. So, I'm seemingly trapped in this miserable existence by nothing other than my own principles and my love for my mother. I wish I could just do it but I can't. Again, I don't know why the fuck I'm saying this. Maybe someone else on the depression subreddit will gain valuable insight from this but I find that to be highly unlikely. I'm just screaming into the void, aren't I...
A few months ago I posted here what I thought would be my final note. I deleted the post though because I felt pathetic. I failed at my suicide attempt before because I couldn't find a good spot that would guarantee death. But now, I want to try it again. A different way though.I dropped out of school when I was 12, I'm now 15. My life is ruined and my anxiety levels are bigger than ever before. I would never be able to get a job with my anxiety. Everything and everyone I once loved is just gone. I cannot enjoy anything. Hobbies, holidays, life. I just want to disappear. I wish I could just die a natural death instead of something so painful. I'm scared of the pain but I'm so desperate to just go. Every time I try to talk I just feel my throat swelling up and feel sick. And then the tears flow. I can't deal with it. Therapists don't help at all, nothing does. I've been feeling nothing but sadness and fear for months.I'm trying it again, because it's so difficult to carry on. It will not get better, stop telling me this.
There's nothing really wrong with my life right now.It's the end of my first semester in college, and I did well in all of my classes. I really like my school, most of my classmates, and my professors. I'm in a new relationship with a boy who lives in my apartment complex and I care deeply for him.By all appearances, I should be happy. But today I went to the store to buy dish soap and cotton balls and I started crying in the aisle for no reason. I went home and slept for a couple hours and when I woke up I felt worse. I started thinking about how I could kill myself tomorrow night when my boyfriend will be out at a party. I can't explain a specific reason why I want to kill myself, I just have to. I don't know. I don't know who to talk to this about. Last time I talked to a friend about this she called the hospital and I don't want to go back there. I don't want to bother my boyfriend and I don't want him to think I'm crazy.I can't stop crying and I can't explain why. 
29, male, no drive to live, can barely get out of bed. Some facts about me:- fact: I have no friends - fact: I have no hobbies or talent - fact: I spend holidays alone- fact: when I try to talk to people, people avoid me- fact: when I try to talk to the opposite sex, I'm met with an expression of disgust - fact: when I invite people to go out, they don't answer- fact: when I ask people how they've been, they ghost me- fact: I have no degree, career, education or any job. And even if there were, I wouldn't care anyway. - fact: I'm bored with life and I'll be better off dead. Can you state a fact that would make me reconsider? Backed by actual evidence, not positive thinking. Because positive thinking doesn't keep me warm at night. 
Im just sitting here having these suicidal urges. Im not even in a bad mood, Im in a good mood and everything is fine but I keep getting these urges to go into the medicine cabinet and swollow everything dangerous. I dont have a reason. I just have urges. I dont know why Im having these urges. What do I do?
I'm gay. There I said it. I have lied to myself for so long, and no more. I'm tired. I can't face this. I have to do what needs to be done, maybe I'll wimp out who knows. What happens next is whatever life chooses. God doesn't love me. Homophobes, I have one last message for you. Please stop. I have heard the word "fag" a thousand times, and each time it hurts. I would ask you all to remember me. Remember who I was, and all those times you told me to kill myself. Now I'm doing it. Please, please stop. 
This is just going to be my feelings splattered into text because pretending that I can lay everything out flat helps. As much as I don't want to admit talking to people helps but I have found myself putting distance between myself and those I care about. My life is a mess and all I want is someone to cuddle up to, being close to people makes me happy.I have been struggling with employment for nearly a year now and before that I had been struggling with quality of employment for 3 years. I finished high school but due to bullying I never had the motive to continue with higher education. If I had of cared I could have had different opportunities but I don't dwell on it. I have none now unless I get employment somehowI recently tried to get into the Army but got knocked back by the Psychologist for having "Unresolved issues". If I want to continue with the application I have to attend therapy for six months minimum and hence having to accept things from my past. It has really been getting in my face these last few months.My first and only serious relationship that I was in (excluding one or two I was in to avoid loneliness depending on your definition of serious) I had met the perfect one me but fighting depression and having identity issues I began to blame my pain on her. Nearly two years later and I still missed her. She came back into my life and I got to see what path I set her down. Misery does indeed like company.We were able to talk about our lives and what had happened. Including relationships since, escapism, minor drug use (on my part). Things happened so fast when she came back into my life and ended up somewhere I wasn't ready for. Having been fighting depression and loneliness since basically I started I started high school I welcomed the idea of having her back in my life, even as a "Its complicated" thing.That's about when things went south again, I got knocked back with the army as I mentioned before. I hadn't been able to speak to her in awhile and had said somethings about my past without stopping to think how they would be interpreted. I knew the would hurt but I'd been feeling like I was being played around with and then left outside. By no means was that the case, more accurately two bleeding hearts cannot patch each other up.Being around other people and pretending I have a purpose is what has kept me going. It is that reason I decided to try becoming a youth leader. Doing something that I can make a real difference in someones life with none of my emotional ties to cut me. I believed that could make stop pretending that I had a purpose and actually have one. In that youth group I had been on the other side of the fence. A small kid who just needed friends in a time where I felt like I wouldn't be missed if I died.It was that reasoning that I wound up at my mothers one night. That small piece of defiance against this crushing loneliness and suffocating emptiness. I needed a way to get to the group and due to routine she was able to get me to and from easily. This night family shit had come up and I wound up home a bit earlier then I would have otherwise would have. I wasn't as tired as normal and my housemate and a few close people were around a backyard fire. Not being tired just yet, I decided to have a few a drinks with themAs the night went on the only people to remain at the fire was me, one of my housemates and one of her family members. I had just met the guy that night. I had a bit too much to drink as I was having fun in my own house (or the backyard as the case may be). Once I had worked out my sexuality (I was a little confused until around 19) I had been very open that I was bisexual (still with a definite preference towards females). Since then I have been very open about whom I find attractive and had mentioned this about the guy.There had been no flirting and whilst I was open about my sexuality, I had behaved my normal drunk self. That is depending on how relaxed I feel how much fun I am to be around. There had been dancing and I even quietly sang a song so I had my guard pretty dam low. We called it quits and I went to bed, MY BED. I shut the door behind me and proceeded to go to sleep in my top and underwear. For me that is rugged up. I was waken up by sexual natured Movements.I was so drunk and tired that I went along with what was happening to the point where I guess you could say I participated. However I would not have chosen to do that with a stranger and I was so tired I couldn't even open my eyes after being woken. Things were not unpleasant but didn't want them to have happened while under the influence. Not with someone I had just met. The next morning I went to the only person I felt like I could talk to, the girl I wasn't talking to. After receiving the typical pity party I still in shock went to my closest friend.The last thing I had wanted was to cause any form of response that would make things awkward. I just wanted to put a lock on my door and not be around that guy again but still in shock I talked to my closest friend. I live with him and his partner aka the girl I was drinking with. I asked him not to tell her but the damage was done, he reacted the way anyone would when asked not to say anything. He made sure everyone knew the guy wasn't welcome in the house anymore and it wasn't hard to see I was the one who had the issue.I ended up telling her that I would tell her if she wanted but so far she hasn't taken me up on it. I couldn't tell my friend what exactly had happened. The girl I told first about the incident is can of romantic worms, I could probably written this much on just how up and down I am whenever she is involved. Not her fault tho. I told the therapist (whom I just met too) about the incident in more detail than the others. But due to my interest in joining the army I have to lie about my sexuality, my previous drug use and hide any signs of depression. Their report will go to the army who look down of anything queer. Are unlikely to employ someone who has or had depression and has suicidal thoughts.I'm still waiting on the STD test results, my mum made dick jokes about the food I was eating the night after it happened (she doesn't know) I feel I cannot tell the whole truth to anyone anymore. I have way to change or improve my life the way it is. I sleep every night where I was raped. The depression makes it hard for me to act like I care. Anxiety prevents me from taking my own life and loneliness has become so prominent that it numbs everything to the point where I only am aware of how bad a state I'm in when I break down.I have broken all of my personal beliefs and I still cannot find happiness. This isn't a cry for help, I've given up. All this is, is me just trying to make life a little easier to bear as I hope someone or something ends my pain for me. I'm to much of a wimp to do it myself
In advance, sorry for my bad english, its not my first language.24 male. My whole life i was "not good", barely kept above "im comepletely fucked everything up" level. In school, in university and now at work.For 5 years i am trying to deal with my anxiety problems.This year hit me harder then any previous, and i think i got to my threshold.Im afraid to wake up in the morning, im afraid to fall asleep, this constant feeling of fear is driving me crazy. Im afraid i can lose my job, wich i really like. Recently i met this beautiful girl, but it feels like i will not be able to give her the life she deserves.There is a chance that i can lose my home because of some stupid bank shit. Everywhere i look i see this images of people who found out how to live their lives. Everybody with whom i tried to talk,  said nothing but "Man up!", "Stop being a pussy" and "You just have nothing better to do didnt you?".I feel pathetic, and dont believe that somebody can love such a mess of a guy as me. I was thinking about hanging myself for a month now, this is the longest period in which this thoughts are not leaving me for a moment. I tried to find some hotline phone number, but didn't manage to do so, since apperently my country doesnt have any. The only reason why i didnt yet did anything to myself is my mother, i love her very much and i understand that if i do what i want, this will completely destroy her life too. But seeing how everything is going for now, i`m afraid that i can lose control over myself.
I'm 15 years old, and it's my birthday tomorrow. For as long as I can remember my life has been the most miserable, sorry time anyone could ever liveMy family doesn't care about me, my father is abusive and always tries to bully and provoke me, and he tries to force extra work upon me and he believes that I should not have any friends and should not be allowed out at allMy mother is slightly different, I know that she loves me, and that's part of what's making it so hard for me, but she just won't leave my father no matter what he does. I get bullied at school, every day I go into school and act like someone different to try and fit in, and every day I'm continually victimised. This has been happening for almost five years.I thought I'd finally found a way out, I met a beautiful girl who I love with all my heart. We had a happy relationship for about a month, and then people from her school started messaging me and saying stuff about her.I confronted her about it and she told me it was over. I managed to convince her to give me a second chance, and she did just that.However, I noticed she was behaving differently and I was concerned for her. Every time I asked her what was wrong she would just say she didn't know.She then started to tell me she couldn't meet me anymore. To begin with she would say she was busy and had schoolwork/family things she needed to do.Then last Wednesday everything changed. She told me she had been seeing a doctor about some mental health problems that she had, and that he told her she could not be with me.I was shocked and devastated, and when I asked her more about the situation, she refused to tell me. She told me she would meet me on Wednesday (yesterday) or tomorrow on my birthday.On Tuesday evening I felt the need to email her mother (whose email I found on google), because I really did not know just what was going on. I told her mother absolutely everything, how I felt at home/school and how much I loved her daughter.I went to the girls school on Wednesday to go and see her, and whilst I was there someone airdropped me some things off of the girls email. I didn't think it was a very big deal, even after I read them, but I knew I should tell her about it.I was planning on telling her about the email I sent to her mother, but when I texted her asking her to come outside, she refused and told me to go home and that she would meet me on Friday. So I did just that.Later yesterday evening we were talking, and I showed her the pictures I was airdropped. She was extremely upset about it (as they were love letters to someone else).  Her mother then told her about the email I sent her, and she messaged me accusing me of hacking her email. Her reasoning behind this was that how else would you have got my mums email.I tried explaining that I found it on google, but she continued to be hostile. I wrote her an extremely long message, detailing exactly how I felt about her and just how much she means to me.She didn't even respond properly, she just said she had to do some work. I checked my email and had gotten a response from her mother.It said that her daughter needed time and space to focus on her schoolwork, and that there were some problems going on. I accepted this and did nothing more about it.This morning I went to the doctors to get a repeat prescription for antidepressants (which are not working) so I arrived at school late. I decided to just have a quiet sit down and try and come to terms with everything. But I just can't, no matter how hard I try everything just gets worse. My life is spiralling down uncontrollably and as every day goes by, I find myself thinking for and more about killing myself. I cry myself to sleep, fight the urge to jump at the train station every morning, and have even began to stop eating.I just hate my life and cant wait until it's over. But I don't want it to be like that, I want to be happy, to be normal, to enjoy things and enjoy life, but instead I just find myself doing the complete opposite.Somebody please help me before it's too late 
I'm really tired man..I just don't want to feel this way anymore. I don't want to talk to any psychiatrist, they don't really know me. I just want help, are ther anyways I can help mused
Hello all. My name is Steven. I'm 16 years old, I come from a very nice town with a wonderful family and I go to a great school where I'm getting a great education. Honestly, for most people, it would seem like I shouldn't be dealing with the things I am right now. When I was 14 I got diagnosed with clinical depression and a severe anxiety disorder. I got prescribed xanax for my anxiety and lexapro for my depression. Being the piece of shit I am, I began to abuse the xanax since it was the only thing that made me feel happy. This went on for a few months until I went to rehab and was luckily able to get off the Xanax and the plethora of other drugs I was using to make life tolerable for me. My depression seemed at bay for a good amount of time until a few weeks ago. I simply could not tolerate life anymore. I have everything handed to me on a golden platter with a supportive family and a supportive group of friends but I don't want to be here anymore. I started cutting, and I then tried to OD on Ativan. I was rushed to the hospital and was somehow revived, and I honest to god cannot deal with life anymore. People out there have it so much worse than me and I hate myself every fucking day for being so depressed since I was blessed with this life I have. I hate myself, I find no joy in anything, I don't talk to my friends anymore and I've blocked out almost everybody except for my family in my life. Today is the worst my depression has ever been. I'm having suicidal thoughts, voices in my head that are pushing me closer and closer to taking my dads gun and putting a bullet through my head. If anybody out there is kind enough to read this and just talk to me, I would really love it. I feel alone, empty, and I don't want to be on this earth anymore. Any help is appreciated, and thank you for reading. -Steve
Why I want to kms:1. I always find a way to disappoint my parents.2. I'm a waste of money and time 3. I keep getting C`s on. English quizzes no matter how hard I study 4. I have no future because of my g.p.a5.  I have no purpose. I was only born because my brother was alone. He has a lot of friends. So I don't matter Why I don't want to die:I can't imagine how disappointed my parents would be.I will have a terrible afterlife 
I just don't get why all people are so fucking mean all the timeCan't we all just accept each other ? Yeah some people have it rough sure but it doesn't help to make others feel miserable just because you can't get your life togetherSorry I just needed to share it somewhere and since I have 0 people to talk to about such things because yeah everyone is evil against me then it ended up here
I am suicidal constantly, and I can't deal with it anymore. My mom hates me, my dad is dead and her new boyfriend is an asshole. She doesn't believe the doctors when they say I have clinical depression and thinks it's an act. What's worse is when I was admitted for making and attempt on my life, she said it was a ploy just to get out of school for a week. She is isolating me from all of my friends and everything she promised me she doesn't come through on. She lies to me constantly and I am stuck here. I know it sounds like I'm just panning the blame off to someone else and I'm not this is just the reality of what I live in. Two states were called in to investigate her, one for neglect the other for mental and emotional abuse and they said to just try to make it till your 18. (I'm 17 for reference) I know it's not that far away and I should just get over it but if I would I could. I'm honestly scared of myself and what I might do. Every time I try to get away from her she takes it away from me as well. 
I cannot believe I am on here. I am almost 40 yo. I was sexually abused as a kid. For nearly a decade I have fought tooth and nail to heal. Ive had great achievements and tremendous setbacks. Most recently I spent nearly 5 weeks drunk on vodka and completely alienated from my social network and all of my responsibilities. That episode may as well have come out of the blue which, for me at least, is how PTSD works. Close to the end of that period, I literally experienced a home invasion in my apartment and had several thousand dollars of belongings stolen. I was also evicted for my alcohol abuse and am currently seeking a new apartment. I am so numb right now that I feel as if I am in a trance. I do not exactly want to die but feel as though my circumstance - which was the polar opposite in the prior months when I was extremely healthy and taking good care of myself - spiralled somewhat suddenly far out of my control. Ive been sober again for only two weeks. Saw a doctor and thankfully my health is somehow fine. I am angry, overwhelmed and nauseous. I am afraid. I am too afraid to reach out to those I was not in touch with during my retreat into alcohol when I mostly just hid in my apartment and slept. What scares me is that over the past few weeks, I have actually had a plan, which I know is a marker that I am much more risk than other periods in my life. Some of the things that had so overwhelmed me have been resolved over the past few weeks. Others have not. Mostly I am terrified I have lost my job - I am an independent contractor and work from home. What I most need in the entire galaxy right now is to crank through four days of intensive labor so I can send to my supervisor on Monday AM. And yet trying to work in this state feels almost impossible and so I feel trapped and my mind turns to suicide again every 30 minutes. I dont want to die. I just feel I have no other options right now.I'm sure I'll delete this later, even though it is under a burner account. Please be kind and thanks for reading.
I was thinking that maybe pills with alcohol would be the most painless way to kill myself, but maybe if I cut my veins I will pass out and die faster. Opinions?
It been 6 months now since I had left the place I was living. 6 months of sleeping on the cold hard concrete. More than 10k$ in debt because i am stupid. I stink, im tired, hungry, ugly, alone, stupid, no ambitions im nothing. Im on my phone right now in the bus waitinf for walmart to open the store so i can buy a rope or something, at this point a knife would do the job or just jumping off somewhere high enough so 100% die. I am miserable. Same part time job for the past 3 years. Oh and let me tell you how good of a liar i am. Nobody, NOBODY cares about me. i laugh smile tell jokes hang out with coworkers, I lie to my mother to EVERYFUKING one i know I lie to them. "Yes im fine". But im not. I dont jnow how today will go. So i go to work? Do i even bother going to work??? It pouring rain now. Im heading to my parents place as I did every morning the last month or so. 5am in the morning my mom thinks i just finished working, that what I told, im a good liar. She dosent know my situation she still thinks i live with my roomates BUT IT BEEN 6 FUCKING MONTHS that i left that place cause I couldnt pay the small 400$ rent. Im tired but i dont want to die fuck i still want to give it a try for fuck sake but it so hard pleasw reddit people idk im ashamed of myself. Im tired of this fucking miserable life of mine. It pouring rain outside, im cold, im tired..............
I just want a woman to talk to. I mean, just **talk** to, nothing else. I'd just like a female friend in my final moments.Weird? Maybe. Perverted? Maybe. I just thought that maybe it can be done after all. Maybe.
My gf hates me, my kids hate me, everyone just wants money from me. I feel so worthless, I thought of so many ways to take my life. I attempted putting a toaster in the bathtub with me but my gf took it it away from me. She says she doesn't know if she can be with me past Christmas. I'm trying really hard to make things work and make sure she is happy. It's like what's the point anymore she doesn't even notice I'm trying hard, I work 13-14 hours a day driving and delivering. I bring home good money. She keeps saying how horrible I am. Idk what to do. Should I just tie and a noose out of an extension cord and hang myself. At this point I'm tired of everyone asking for their money. It's too much stress, and getting a text saying my daughter wants nothing to do with me. Some happy holiday this is going to be. So close to my bday make ending it will be a proper bday present to not feel anymore pains 
So, my life has pretty much been a severe downward spiral over the last two years. I moved from another state during my Junior year of high school, became incredibly depressed and was no longer able to really even get myself out of bed in the morning, and ended up failing and having to repeat. I then tried again, was doing somewhat ok, come 3-4 months left of school.. I became very depressed and stopped coming to school. I had no support whatsoever outside of school - my mom actually made fun of me for being so depressed and would say "You're so and so late, why even go?" which solidly set in my mind that sleeping was the better option.. It became clear that I would just fail again, so I dropped out. That was earlier this year and I still have yet to do the Hiset exam. I'm 19 years old. I feel like my entire life is fucked forever, excuse the language, and I don't know how to help myself anymore because every aspect of my life is wrong. How can you pull yourself up when there's nothing to grab onto? I wasn't suppose to be so depressed I sleep every day away, I wasn't suppose to be a highschool drop out, I was suppose to be in College, I should have friends right now. Not be sitting in my room at 11pm finding that my only enjoyment in life is when I smoke weed to go to sleep because if I don't I'll stay awake the whole night thinking about how I should just end my life. I have no friends anymore, I spend every day alone in my bed - I don't even go out let alone get up, I ignore the people who at least attempt to talk to me, and I just feel tired all the time. Not like that foggy, lethargic mood you get in when you've overslept or under slept - I feel like I haven't slept for days, every minute of the day. Last night, I fell asleep at around 11:30 probably, woke up at 4am, fell back to sleep around 12pm, woke up at 10pm and I've been in this limbo of being so miserable my body is shutting down and convincing me going back to sleep is the only option, or that's the only sensible explanation for feeling like this that I can come up with. I feel like I'm falling apart and this tiny part of me deep down wants to stay awake and help myself so dearly but shutting everything out is so calming; I know I can't live like this forever and it terrifies me.. I use to be popular, I had tons of friends, no one disliked me that was relevant, and even tho I was almost equally as depressed back then - everything was at least ok, and I had a future to look forward to. Now I'm the biggest loser I can think of, more people hate me than people like me, and my depression is eating away at me so bad that I haven't left my house for almost over a week and keep cycling through this.. How do you help yourself? I'm begging someone to tell me, because I know everything is temporary, and I know one day I'll have friends again, and be as close to happy as the adult life allows you to be.. But, for some reason, even tho I know all that, it's like the dominating part of my mind refuses to believe it all the sudden. Am I going crazy? It really feels like that sometimes.. Today my mom bought me a gigantic study book for the hiset exam and looking at that book makes me not even want to take it, I don't want to take the time out of my life to read through that giant piece of shit, I just want to go to sleep, wake up, and somehow have my life sorted out. I want to go to this College in California, a community college with dorms as I live rather far from there.. But, I feel like I shouldn't even try. The sign ups end the 17th of January and I still don't even have a diploma. Last month I had so much energy and excitement to put into going to this school and it's completely gone now and I don't understand what's happening because I swear I was just a little kid and now everything I've dreamed and worked up to my whole life is gone and I can't even make a post on reddit that stays on the same track for more than one sentence or makes any sense.. Sorry.. I feel like I'm not even alive right now, like I'm solidly dreaming and it's like I'm running down an endless hallway and I can't escape this feeling. I just want to be awake again. My dad died when I was little, he had a heart attack maybe 3 feet away from me and I ended up saying goodbye to him with his head on my lap; I was alone. The doctor told my mom that it may feel like we're living in a movie for awhile, and ever since then I think I convinced myself that's how I felt just so I didn't have to face that in reality even as a kid my heart was able to handle a loss like that. I think I held onto his words just so I could hold on to my dad for a little longer, maybe denial kept him alive for me. I don't really know.. All I know is that  I feel so stupid thinking back then that I was truly depressed and wanted to end my life - I reached out to so many people about it - when I'm sitting here right now praying to god that I wake up and I'm in the middle of all those "problems" again. I fucked my own life completely over and I'm so disappointed in myself. I wish I knew that this is what "living in a movie" really felt like all those times I pouted in my room about how horrible my life was. Maybe it was hard back then, but I had so many roads to go down.. Does life actually get better? Should I even try and go to this school in January? I just need someone to help me, I don't know what to do anymore and there's no one who can help me here or wants to. I want to write so much more but I'm just going to end it there because any of my other problems are just going to turn this post into a book with chapters and everything. Sorry if this makes absolutely no sense and there's horrible grammar, I can barely think straight anymore..
I posted this at /r/teenagers but I decided to post here too:It seems that no matter what I do, I will be alone/single. No matter how much I socialize, I will be alone/single. I mean, I should be used to that! I am the guy who was called "vision of hell" by his own crush, just because I am so ugly and unlikable. What am I thinking? That someone is going to actually like me? That's madness! That's impossible. I will die alone. What is the point? I have been bullied for almost 10 years, with a shitty childhood. I haven't ever been liked by anyone, and I will never will. I should quit life. I am sick of it. Sick. I am just a burden. What's the point?
I may not write this to well. I haven't got out of bed in over a year. I am either sleeping or just kinda laying there most of the time. I've been pretty heavily trumatized, and I don't know where to go. I'm so depressed, I can barely even think most of the time. It's straight up criplling, like living in a fog.Here is what happend to me. I had a crush on this girl in highschool. and I just said to myself. I liked her because she's fun to be around. She didn't end up being interested in me. So I just minda pushed passed those feelings. I did it because I believed that If I just kept moving I could find someone else, who was totally intereserested in me. We stayed friends, she's fun to be around. Well, I kept moving forward, ended up signging up for okaycupid. This girl ends up messaging me. We will call her M. Well we skype for a bit hit off. We meet up in person and i think "great, someone really digs me. They find me philisly attractive, and make me laugh." We plan to meet up in person.Things go pretty quick, one thing lead to another, and we had sex. I asked online about her age and in person about it. I guess I was neive, I didn't think someone would lie about it. I trusted others. She was 17.5. or somewhere around there, once I had the general figure. once I found out. a part of me died. I was so terriefied.  over the next 5 months, I went into a spiral. I was living with my dad, but he drank alot and I could take it. he moved out.. I'm in an irish cathlic family, calturely that means even before this, i was preconditioned to not really talk about my feelings. I had some close friends, one actual. C I he kept coming to see me every week, I didn't know what I had yet. I hadn't fully snapped yet. I was getting more and more depressed, I couldn't take it. I thought any future I could have in the computer industry was dead, I thought I was going to go to jail, all because she lied about her age. I thought that was the worst of my issues. I kept trying to get help I got more and more depressed, no one could be trusted through, I can't trust anyone. That was just the very beginnering of my trust issues. shortly before Xmiss, it all went crumbling down, I was getting more and more depressed, I couldn't take it. I couldn't even think, I have an even harder time thinking now(sorry if this post is badly writtin, I'm not stupid. Just insanely depressed). I eventually got suicide, tried to killmyself. i believed ti to be my right, my body my right. It was to late thought, my dad called the cops. they took me to the hospital. the doctor was cold, absolutely zero bedside manner. at some point during my stay at the mental hostipal section of the hospital. I had to sleep the floor, i was given a small stretcher smaller than me be a good amount, a sheet and a pillow. Their treatment, how cold it was. It was straight up wrong.I get out, I try to keep moving forward. I'm cripped through. I was so depressed I couldnt get out of bed for the last year, 15 hour days of layign there in bed, the occusion walk or stretch, but I'm always so anxius I just kept moving forward because i beleived, it I got up one day and kept moving forward, kept building a good life for myself. that I could beat this. depression can go away.but now, I have herpes. or at least I think I do.After all I have been through i can't trust doctors or really anyone but cam, even then I'm so skeptic of people now i wouldn't tell anyone anything. Unless I can hide behind a user name. Look, I have absolutely no where to work these feelings out IRL. I'm so truamatized I don't know where to go. my mind is in a fog. Thing is, I wore a condom and didn't even sleep around. Alway try to practice as safe sex as I can. went to all the classes, and I self educated my self as best I could.
The other day I read a part of a study that I'm definitely not going to reference correctly because I'm a pretty lazy person, that talked about passive vs. active ideation. I don't have a plan, or a date, or anything written. I do things like intentionally drive without a seatbelt, or cross the street without looking. I've woken up recently to the thought "shit, this again?" and hoped that I might be involved in an accident that kills me. I've made plans with people and at work that I had no intention of keeping, figuring I'd have finally done it when the time came for the plans.The article said that often people with passive ideation, without actual plans, are at the same risk. That scares me.

I've tried the suicide text hotline before, but it felt impersonal. I kept getting called by the wrong name. I don't want to use the phone line. So I'd appreciate it if someone could give me some of their time.I've had a rough year and occasionally feel suicidal/depressive. Tonight is one of those nights and I haven't been able to fall asleep.
I'm suicidal, that's just a fact. I idolize the idea of it, I think I would be gone in an instant if I didn't have people around me holding me down. I have an illness that causes massive gut pain, permanently disfigured me (huge scar lines all over including crotch, looks like inflammed herpes), I've been mentally unstable because of the meds I take and my doctors still don't know what the hell is wrong. 5 years of non stop pain, and I'm only 21, now on methadone/norco/oxy to try and function. My live in girlfriend, who does truly love me, doesn't have sex with me anymore because she stopped enjoying it. She just has no libido because we couldn't figure out how to make her finish and she got bored. I can't masterbate either because my meds make me not feel orgasms anymore. Life has been one kick to the balls after another. I'm not going to see 30 if this is what it's going to be like, I can't take it, no good food or sex or happiness or joy. Emptiness. So I sit, and wait until my girlfriend leaves for class, then I sob at home because I'm too doped up to do anything worth while (instead of being in so much pain I can't do anything...), and fantasize about how to end it and when. Why can't I just be normal? Why can't I just be happy? Why do I have to live like this? Fucking IBD, you have ruined my life, my body, and my mind. I hate you, I hate you, I hate you.
I don't know exactly how tall it is. But it's an average height overpass.
I know suicide isn't the answer. I've tried, failed, and ultimately realized I could never devastate the few family members I legitimately care about that way. But the urge is constant. I fantasize constantly about buying a handgun, using it, and never having to deal with my bipolar/depression/anxiety issues ever again. I see a therapist weekly, I have a psychiatrist, I'm on meds, but I can't seem to find any bit of happiness. I think I'll be moving soon due to job issues (thanks to our new pres elect). I have some hope that a new environment will help. But I have so little motivation otherwise, and I know a change of scenery isn't a cure-all. And the fantasies about offing myself have become more and more frequent. The anxiety I deal with is almost unbearable lately, I'm in tears more often than I'm comfortable with. I'm coping super unhealthily (alcohol mostly), which just makes everything so much worse. I'm a stupid smart person in that sense. Anyone who can relate, I would love to hear what's helped you through. Peace and blessings to my fellow sufferers. 

I'm ashamed to be posting here. I'm too old for this. I have had suicidal thoughts and self harmed for almost 20 years. I never got help and I never will. I am too ashamed and afraid to get help and no one in my life cares.In middle school I told my mother when I started cutting myself. I was scared. She didn't take me to a Dr or therapist. I kept cutting. Over the next few years I told her two more times- both times she acted like she never knew. Even swore I had never told her about it. She forgot. She completely forgot that her daughter came to her in tears on three separate occasions to show her cuts on her legs and arms and beg for help. She forgot. That's how much I matter. I don't really cut anymore. Instead I beat. I pound my fists on my thighs and hips and walk around with purple bruises under my clothes. No one knows except my husband. The man who is supposed to love and protect me, and care for me "in sickness and in health." I've told him I feel suicidal, I horribly depressed, I hate myself, I want to die, I hurt myself again. I've told him I want help but I'm scared. I've  begged him to just sit at a computer with me and help me find a therapist because I'm too scared to do it alone. One night when it was really awful and I felt sure I was going to go too far I begged him to take me to a hospital. He didn't. The people who are supposed to love me don't care. I don't know why I think a bunch of strangers on the Internet might care. My family and my husband are all willing to just let me suffer and die. I guess that's it then.
I have had a lot of horrible things happen these past 6 months. My husband lost his job, had an affair, and our son got kicked out of daycare because they did not want to accomodate him (he has special needs). My husband says he wants to reconcile and he is trying really hard but I just can't trust him because he said he didn't love me when he married me and only did so because I was the "safe option". He says he feels differently now but I think it is just because I got pregnant again.My son was enrolled in a daycare/preschool 3 months ago and I was totally honest with them about his issues before I enrolled him. I asked if they could handle him and the director assured me they could. Well, this past month they began making up phony discipline issues and kicked him out. We tried to work with them several times and they refused. I contacted the local media and gave my 100% truthful statement and then received a call from the daycare threatening to sue me for being honest and defending my child. The bullies won and somehow I am the bad guy because I stood up for my kid.I don't want to end it right now because I am pregnant and I don't feel it would be fair to the baby but when he/she is weaned I am going to end my life. I can't take it anymore. I just don't want to hurt and I don't see any of this getting better. I figure if I give myself about a year and a half then I get get things in order then I will be able to leave less of a logistical mess and at least my wishes will be known (even if they are not respected). I obviously can't help my son. He would not have developmental and speech issues if I had been a better mother; and my unborn child will be better off not knowing me. I know my husband will be happier. Now he can find someone he truly loves. I am not gonna lie....I am a little scared to die but I think if I give myself time to prepare for it then I won't be. I honestly don't see another way out of this. I have no control over my own life, I have no voice and to me that is just not living. I'd rather be dead than live this way.
I'm just really fucking tired of life. Only real problem is school, where I have like 6 Fs this quarter alone and the quarter is almost over anyway, so I'm a failure in that aspect. I feel like a selfish bastard too. I don't have a horrible life... I mean I have great friends and decent parents, though we are poor. Its really just me being a lazy cunt who won't do shit to make himself feel better. I've decided tonight I'm going to try and kill myself, hopefully succeed. I've been able to stop myself for a while now, but whatever. Life is just way too fucking tiring, and I'm a weak and lazy son of a bitch. I've considered how it'll make my friends and family feel, but I'm really just done caring.P.S.Posting here about my not so bad situation but talking about how I'm going to kill myself makes me feel like an attention seeker.Though this PS has no place here...Whatever I'm going to die soon anyway.
I've given up. I haven't talked to anyone I know about my problems, but I tried to get better in almost every possible way apart from that. I honestly tried. The truth is, it doesn't work. I can never catch a break. Every little thing in my life seems to go wrong somehow, and I am so tired of being beaten whilst I'm down. Insomnia, loneliness, heartbreak, social anxiety, barely eating, self-harm, no interests, depression... been there, done all that, and it still gets worse and worse by the day.I've written suicide notes, and I've made multiple plans, but I just can't seem to follow through with them. I don't know if it's because I care about my family too much or if I am just scared of death, but I can't kill myself.I hate every second of existence, and yet I'm stuck here, alive. It's petrifying. I panic when I think about my future, which will be full of disappointment and pain, because there is nothing for me. I can't be normal. I can't be productive. So what do I do for the next however many years? I'm such a waste of space. I feel so bad for making anyone put up with me. I don't want to live with this for the rest of my life, but I know I have to. What the hell do I do guys? I don't know what to do.
I have kind of been scared lately, like life is all smiles as of late, no negative thoughts but it makes me seem like, I feel so good, I can just die now and I'm scared my positive feelings could make me better successful at suicide than being scared of it. Anyone else feel this before?
Right now my family so broke we didnt not sure what to eat next week or month. I want to work but for some reason i can not tell here i can not work at least physically. But i am looking online work but most of them are so pathetic like i want to bash my head with rocks and by the way my internet will gone in 5 days. I want to try optimistic about life but seems like the end almost sooner than i expected, my dog died last week not helping my suicidal urge either.
Ive been "depressed" for a while, for sometime it was more just anger and sadness combined but recently it's taken its toll and while i'm angry and furious at myself and my life i'm so terribly sad. i just feel nothing. I started to think and honestly i just feel like well my parents have suffered death before they'll be fine if i die, my siblings have each other and their friends it's ok. But most of all i don't wanna spend 30 years working some shit job i don't like just so i can survive. I'll probably be working a fine job and be middle class and have a wife and kids but it's not what i want. there's 7 billion people on earth and i'm not unique at all. So why continue?
Today my long term SO told me he hopes I die on the way to my parents and that he doesn't care. Yesterday, he threatened me if I left. I'm scared, alone, and I think I'm going to do it. He told me to stay home so we can talk about it tonight. I have no gas in my car so I can't just drive off of a cliff. I don't want it to be messy. I just want to die.
For context, I am 16. I was in therapy for years till my family took me out because they were convinced it was not helping me, and also a newfound belief that my illness isn't real. All I can do is wait until I'm 18 to move out. I save a lot of money from my part time job, and if I keep it up I can move out by then. But I don't think I can wait that long. They make me feel so shitty everyday, whether it's about my college plans, or how I don't do enough laundry, just every day it's a new thing to pick on me for. I'm so tired of feeling like shit about myself 24/7, I'm so tired of being sad and tired. I'm so tired of just wanting to escape. This sadness will never end. Thanks for reading. 
When I was 18 I took 33 tylenol pills and had to get my stomach pumped. When I was 21 I tried to end my life again without success. I'm now 28 and things just haven't seemed to get better internally. I haven't been myself for years. I've always been able to put up a front for people to see me happy and upbeat but I just can't take it anymore.  My feelings of emptiness, anger and apathy are always with me. I can't find it in me to just start being happy I don't know how anymore. I want to die it will be easier for any and everyone. I don't want to feel like this anymore and this is the only way I know how to end the pain and grief.
Literally the only thing worse than commuting suicide is trying and failing. My survival was a miracle honestly. But u can't just save me and then I want to live again. It doesn't work like that. I'm depressed but mostly just tired. Emotionally mentally and physically. There is so many ppl that I love and so many things I want to do and places I want to see and I know things will get better but i really don't care. I don't have the energy to keep moving. Please please help me. I'm breaking my dad and mom's heart. I'm 17 and I'm the oldest sibling and I'm ruining everything and I am a shitty person !! I have amazing friends but I just can't deal. I really can't. I don't have any will to live. Pls pls pls help me. 
I probably won't do it tonight (I'll get done with this group meeting and decide then) but I definitely feel like I should do it now.Yesterday someone said something nice to me for the first time in 4 years (not just like, "thank you" when I hold the door, but like someone I actually know said something meaningfully nice) which really just makes me want to go ahead and do this thing. It's like I've been on a 4 year losing streak, about to go on a... I guess 40 year losing streak? 50 year losing streak? However long until I die of old age losing streak, why not do it now while it's kinda meaningful? Like a go out on top kind of thing. Plus it seems meaningful to do it now, like lose for 4 years then finally win and die. Seems to have some significance. Instead of just killing myself after like a 4 year losing streak, then one win, then another 12 years of losing. Or 8 years of losing. Or however long. Now is the last time it will be meaningful.There's that, and also I have to present a group project tomorrow. I know it would be very rude to screw my teammates over like that, but hey at least then going out would mean something to someone. Someone would feel something, even though all it would be is "God dammit that asshole isn't pulling his weight in this project," at least it would be SOMETHING. If I don't do it tonight, then whenever I do decide to do it (or die of natural causes), it's just like... Meh. No one will even notice. This is my last chance to do it meaningfully.Plus I just went to a basketball game, and that's my favorite thing, so it's kinda auspicious I guess. Like one last celebration kinda.
This isn't just about me, it's about my mom too. Okay so I'll start with my mom, long story short she has no friends. It's not her fault, except maybe she's just a little shy and self conscious, but that shouldn't be what's stopping her. I think it's because we live in a small town (population under 2000) and her views are EXTREMELY different from the ones the people around here have. She's extremely lonely and I think she's depressed. I don't know how to help her or who to talk to, because my dad doesn't understand these things and my sister doesn't see it as her own problem. (She's not insensitive, she just doesn't understand like my dad) My family has a long history with depression and I recently found out that my grandmother (my mom's mother) attempted suicide when she was younger because she had depression for years. I think my mom has had it for most of my life, so I'm worried how much more she can take. Since she's so lonely, she depends heavily on her family (my dad, sister, and I) but my dad is gone often, my sister hasn't lived with us for years, and next fall I'll be leaving for college. She'll be all by herself most of the time and I know she won't be able to handle it. She talks all the time about how she doesn't know what she's going to do once I'm gone and I won't be there anymore for her to talk about her day with me. I've had a long long battle with depression and suicide myself, and the thought of my mom having to go through that makes me sick. It's almost enough for me to just end it all myself for the both of us (I'm not going to do that don't worry).  Plus since I'm going to go to college soon my mom keeps telling me to prepare myself to go through depression again, because she thinks I'm going to be very lonely. I'm so worried about it too, I was suicidal for the majority of my life (and I'm nearly 18 so that's really sad) and if I have to go through that again I don't know if I can make it through okay this time. Especially if every time I come home I see my mom going through the same pain. I've been begging her to move to the city I'll be attending college in (it's WAY bigger than our hometown so more friends options, and it's more of a liberal area which are what her views tend to align with) but I don't think she will. My dad can't just leave and work somewhere else because his job relies on social connections, so he doesn't want to move. My mom is an elementary school teacher, so she could work pretty much anywhere but she's never going to go anywhere without my dad. I just don't know what to do. I've been worrying about this so much it gave me a panic attack and I nearly called 911 please help me
You are an amazing person and I'm truly still shocked you chose to be MY friend. I'm sorry I'm not good enough. I'm sorry I'm so fucked up. I'm sorry I lean on you. I'm sorry I can't get through my depression. I'm sorry I'm not who I used to be. I'm sorry I'm unmotivated. I'm sorry about everything. I love you with all of my heart, I know you love me too...but I'm so tired of hurting. Of not having answers. Of not being happy. Of not being genuine. Of fucking everything and everyone I come in contact with, up. I am so sorry...I'm tired. I am just so tired. I want to be done. I wish I could somehow make everyone OK with that, once I'm gone, I don't want anyone to feel sad. I'll be free. I love you. I'm sorry.
I'm sure many men come here before they kill themselves because of their penises. I'm just another one of them. It's miserable, folks. Most of you don't and won't understand. And I'm actually hapoy you don't because it's a truly sucky experience. I don't wish this on anyone.
I've posted here a couple times (and taken to commenting a lot lately). A couple months ago my best friends in the world just stopped talking to me. Two of them live in the UK right now, but the other two (and myself) still live in the US. The two in the UK will be back sometime in December for the holidays, but I'm not sure when. I want to wait to see if they talk to me again once they're back in town, and if they don't I want to ask them why they've stopped talking to me, if they still want to be friends.What do I do if they say no? That they want nothing to do with me? I've had friends ghost out on me before or just straight up tell me they don't want to be around me. These last couple years my depression has been really bad, and my friends don't know how bad it's been. I can barely function at my job, and I won't be able to keep it after December for other reasons. I'm really slipping in my coursework for school as well, though I'm only taking two classes.I'm seriously thinking that if my friends are done with me, then I'm done with me, too. Until a few months ago I thought I'd be able to make it a couple more years, but I can't even see myself living to next summer at this point. 
i've been feeling pretty suicidal for awhile now and i have a date and method picked out and everything. but truthfully? i don't actually want to die. at this point, i'm just so tired. i'm tired of pretending that i'm normal and that everything is okay. i'm tired of having to explain to my parents that yes, i NEED antidepressants. i'm tired of feeling obligated to do well academically, when in reality, i'm failing. i'm tired of feeling everything at once. i'm tired of hurting myself just to feel in control of my life for once. i just want an out at this point. no one really understands how hard it is for me to fucking get out of bed and check my email in the morning, let alone get dressed and go to class and write research papers and do group presentations. i've tried telling people that i'm not okay, that i need help. and although some people really understand (mostly just my therapist), most people don't believe me because i'm still high-functioning. they think that if i was really as messed up as i say, then i shouldn't be able to do the things i'm doing. but at this point, the only thing that's driving me to survive is the guilt. and i hate that. i'm going to attempt soon. but i really don't want to die. i think i just need people to know that hey, i am not okay. i don't think people will really believe me until after i do something. and part of me is scared that it'll actually work because deep down inside, i want to live. i just hate living like this. i wish i could change things and that things will get better, but my life has been shit for a long time and i'm kinda done with everything. i'm just so sick of people invalidating my struggles just because "it doesn't show." i just don't really know what else to do at this point and i feel like this is my only option. 
I'm a fucking asshole, for some reason everyone hates me naturally, so i believe cunts like me should be wiped out since society wont accept us. I'm 14, but I don't wanna get into to much detail. All I want to know is how I can gather the balls to do it. Don't try to stop me, don't tell me to get help. My life is depressing and miserable and worthless, so unless you're here to tell me how to get the courage to die, please piss off. If this was posted in the wrong place, please direct me to a place where people will accept the fact that I want die, thanks.
My life has been so shitty the past two years it's awful. It started with getting thrown out of my house halfway through my senior year of highschool and living in my car. I stopped going to school and got my GED. I was on and off of people's couches but spending most nights in my car. I tried to go to community college but they signed me up for classes I didn't sign up for and I had to pay for those too and I only went for a semester and I have 32 credits of academic failures so I'll never get into another college. Then in January I got a speeding ticket for going 5 over on the highway and since I hadn't had my license for two years yet my license was suspended for 30 days but I didn't have an address so I was never notified and continued driving. I was pulled over and my license was suspended another 6 months (this time I knew so I didn't drive) so I've been living in my car in the woods and spending the night sometimes on people's couch. I get my license back on Thursday but now my car is broken and I don't have the money to fix it and winter is coming which I won't survive without being able to drive my car south. I have no place to live, no money, no future, no friends, no family and I don't see a point to being alive anymore. Idk why I'm posting... I guess to to see if anyone has anything to say to give me hope for the future.
As the title says, I plan on killing myself later tonight, but I made a promise I would do a few things first. I'm getting towards the end of my list here, and this will probably be the most difficult box to tick. After this, drop a few notes, write one (by hand, when was the last time you wrote by hand?), leave a message with 911 to find my body and then I'm out.I've spent the bulk of the day looking for any way to make things better, and this is my last shot. A public plea for help. Yeah, ok, it's technically anonymoush-ish, but I've seen the trolls here, so... Yeah. Anyway, let's get on with this.My life fucking sucks. It's a Gordian knot of nasty. I have no control over even the most basic things in my life, primarily due to poverty. I have useful skills, but I'm old and ugly. I'm a middle aged trans woman who doesn't pass. Because of this I can't get anyone to hire me for anything that would be even close to a living wage. All of the progress that has been made can't quite get a motherfucker to look at me without expecting to wake up in a pit next to a basket full of lotion. Y'all can fuck off for that, by the way.The catch is, I actually look pretty fucking good. It wouldn't take a whole hell of a lot of surgery to get to a point where people stopped hiding their children's eyes when I walked by, but I can't get enough work to save up for it because I look like this. I'm stuck in this fucking cesspool of misery trying to climb a wall of shit and I don't even have any chalk. So I figured fuck it, what's the point? If I know the rest of my life is going to be nothing but a miserable series of shit sandwiches, why should I even try?So here's the deal, reddit. I promised myself I would do a few things before I killed myself. I know there's no coming back from that, so it's best to cross my eyes and dot my tees. I've gone through all my resources, years of therapy, a call to a suicide hotline, and now I'm down to a flat public plea. Do any of you know how I can make my life stop sucking?I hope you do, because I don't want to die. \**P.S. I won't be answering PM's here.*\*
I do it to prepare myself for the real thing. I heard people freak out when hanging themselves and thrash around or wimp out. So I tried the Choking Monkey Challenge. I feel more confident that I can do the real thing. 
I'm so fucking sad right now. I have no one to really talk to. I've been sad for months and I've had suicidal ideation, but now i fear there's no back. I'm scared of the future. I don't feel smart or talented or beautiful. I feel useless. Completely and utterly useless. This is what life is living in total anxiousness every second with thoughts telling you that you're nothing and never will. I can't take this right now I'm so fucking sad and it can't new fixed. It never has and never will. It's time for it to end
Before I start I would like to apologize for any mistakes in this message since I am not a native speaker. I also might swear a bit, but bear with my sorry ass.More to the point: I want to kill myself, mainly because I am exclusively sexually interested in little girls and am a pedo. I've been conscious about it for a while now, around 4 years, and it's been getting progressively worse. It's an incredibly shitty condition to live with, and it comes with a myriad of moral problems and dilemmas of its own, such as any kind of relationship (if it can even fucking be called that) being inherently and potentially dangerous and damaging, me growing steadily older and so on, I'm sure any person would be able to come up with a gorillion of reasons what's so wrong about it. Needless to say, I would never hurt an object of my deranged attraction, so I'm bound to having to spend the rest of my days in solitude, and I'll tell you what, it gets you. It gets under your skin and makes it crawl. Like, every time I see a cute girl on the streets or in public transport, I'll instantly get overwhelmed with a complex rush of emotions, a rather contaminated mixture that includes rapture, panic/anxiety, hunger, sickness, despair followed by an intense desire to just fucking end it once and for all. I feel incredibly forlorn, I really do. All of this has been just slowly incapacitating my ability to function on a basic human level, I just see no point if I'll have to act as a stub of an actual human being till the end of my days. What makes it even worse is that I have incredible, loving parents that has done everything to fulfill the needs and secure the future of their genetic failure.I assume someone is going to recommend going to a therapist, but I don't see that option as a feasible or reasonable one since I live in a 2nd world shithole of a country, so I'm afraid that's out of the question. And I don't have funds to go abroad either.I'm honestly pretty much convinced that I'm doomed, but I'd like to at least last long enough so that my parents won't have to endure through struggles of losing their child, they've done nothing to deserve that.tldr: hlep
I know my federal loans will be discharged (is that the right term? I dunno) when I die, but I'm concerned about a few private loans I have. According to Great Lakes' [website](https://home.mygreatlakes.org/web/FAP/news/article.html?id=160415_how_great_lakes_can_help_when_a_student_dies), this means they'll drop my loans, correct? >Once we receive the death certificate, the hold on the deceased student's account changes to a Verified Death Certificate (VDC) hold, and the days delinquent on the account stop increasing. Great Lakes also notifies the deceased student's lender and guarantor of the student's death. It is the lender and guarantornot the servicerwho are authorized to discharge the loan and who process the necessary paperwork to do so.Note: I'm not doing it to get out of loans or anything. I'm a senior with a 3.98+ GPA and a really good internship in my field that almost always ends with a job offer (not going to say exactly what it is to remove any risk of being identified), so I'm not doing it to escape debt. I'm just done. Thanks.Also, I'm moderately drunk and high right now (I made the decision sober and decide to drink and smoke a bit to see if I'd change my mind -- I haven't), so if I don't reply at all on this throwaway, it's not a guarantee that I've killed myself tomorrow, I guess. I'm probably just not going to remember this password, and I'm posting this from Tor, so I won't stay signed in. 
I'm really hurting because of a relationship gone bad. It's complicated, and I can't really talk to anyone about it. Every night I go to bed sincerely hoping I won't wake up in the morning. I've never been so hurt in my life. I don't think I'll ever really be able to trust anyone again. I just wish I could talk to someone. Or maybe just get a hug. I'd be happy if I could have just one good day where it's not constantly on my mind. I've thought about ending it before. I just don't know if I can. I don't want to die, but I don't think I can deal with this forever. It's been over 6 months and I feel like it just keeps getting worse.
I feel like the small college is going to go onto my internet history and read this. I keep thinking many of my professors are talking about me, and going past social convention to stage this 'intervention' to get me to a mental hospital. I can't stop thinking about it. I have no privacy here, everyone thinks I'm a depressed maniac and its EXTREMELY INVASIVE. I keep wanting to transfer but my parents make it difficult. My father keeps saying 'everyone except for me and your mother are out to get you, have no interest in you unless you can benefit them'. He had a hard life, very cynical. Everything will blow up if I go to a mental hospital again, the last one was fucked. I thought I would never get out because my personality is inherent, was going to hang myself in the bathroom. Luckily my father bailed me out. I'm so disconnected and anxious, completely out of society. I don't know what to do. I have no idea what I want to do with my life, everything was about appeasing my parents. I can't go against them and leave and do what I want. I would have to cut COMPLETE contact, and we are tight-knit, everyones neurotic, they will hunt me down again. I just want to be alone. I feel like I can't talk to anyone, my self-esteem doesn't exist anymore because I've become paralyzed in ALL ASPECTS OF LIFE for about two years. Two years of living death. One of my professors I think suspects my distrust of everyone around me, since we were talking about a paranoid character and I moved in a way that caught her eye contact. There's this guy who has shown interest in me, I keep trying to get up courage to talk to him again, I'm doing that tomorrow. But I saw him walking with another girl today. I need to clear up the 'paranoia' shit and try to lie my way out to this really intelligent professor. I hate burdening everyone. I hate being alive. I don't have any plans to die, but I hate being alive. There's no point if you're frozen up, so anxious, no self-worth, parents terrified of you and the world and will hunt you down. I just want to isolate myself and die. The future is a black wall. I don't know what to do. I need to transfer because I'm scared of everyone here because the campus is so small they know I've isolated myself for two years. After a certain point, if someones' empathy doesn't extend deep enough, they write you off as a maniac and outcast you. This entire place has outcasted me. I feel really scared, have nothing in my life that I like. I keep having imagined conversations with people I know and could be friends with, but I never act on it and talk to them irl, so everything has become jaded and floating around and it's like I'm slowly losing my mind in solitary confinement prison. I've been to so many therapists and taken pills. I just want to never speak to my parents, start over with nothing, ignore their free college tuition offer, but I'm too scared of their reaction. And I'm lazy, scared of the world too. You're either inside society and functional, or mentally ill and a piece of shit. I feel homeless and genuinely mentally ill, like it will never, ever get better. I'll just fall into drugs and die. Like fatalism. And death is god, so I can avoid everything else that's ambiguous. I've never had a real friend before, no trust, just fear. So sick of this shit. 
I hate myself SO much. I have zero skills at all besides doing well in school, which is useless in life. I'm awkward. I'm clueless. I take everything personal and blow up every little thing out of proportion. But most of all, I am incompetent. I can't be successful the way I am. I am just not a successful person no matter how hard I try and how much I work on myself. I (20) just totaled my car. My boyfriend (21) who has his own business that is the most successful of its kind in the city, is in the market for a fancy new car. And is able to just GIVE me his old one. HOW COULD I NOT BE HUMILIATED?I have not cooled down for four days of hating myself and wanting desperately to be anyone else with anyone else's brain, and I don't even get any help at all for another week. I've been trying to schedule appointments for months and finally I have one, but I can't wait any longer and I don't know what to do.
I don't even know what to write. I can't go on? I don't want to live anymore? Life is awful? It all seems so clich and trite yet they all apply. To fully understand why, you'd have to know my history but honestly, why would anyone care. Basically, i have a long term chronic illness. I've had it 22 years and now it's deteriorated to a point where I'm pretty much house bound and not able to do much. The deterioration is showing no signs of stopping. Here's the kicker, it won't kill me. It'll just continue to incapacitate me further, make my life even more unbearable. 22 years of feeling constantly ill, the last few years its become more and more severe. I never wanted to die, I've tried more treatments than i can remember. But In all honesty, i can't live like this and I can't bare to even more ill than I already am. I want out, life is hell. I just need to find the balls to finally do it. 
My life kinda suck right now, in my eyes at least. I'm not really to the point of it yet, but I keep thinking "It wouldn't be so bad, not like anyone would care in the long run". I just moved, have no friends, and basically just work, come home, play games and drink, then go to bed. I tried to get a dog, and then gave it back because it was "too stressful" which I'm starting to think it a bunch of bs because I'm always a "grass is always greener" person. I actually really liked that dog it gave me something to look forward to when I got home.... I actually didn't drink at all when I had him, and I ABSOLUTELY hate myself for giving him back. I've actually never had this much constant hate for something in my life. I treat people and animals as objects, and afterwards I feel horrible, but still do it, pushing away anything that could be remotely good in my life. Now what am I doing? Drinking and sitting in my apartment for 50% of the day. I want to go to therapy, but my car broke for the second time in a month, so there goes that money.
is writing suicide notes but knowing while writing them you'll probably never use them and so you just kind of have them and occasionally you think of using them so you plan it all out and everything before you realize that this is actually a terrible idea, you cant do this, and so they just kind of pile up and its just kind of become a thing now and you dont really know why, is that unhealthy or is this not just me?
I am 21 years old and had a job from March 2015 to May of this year. I had to quit because my depression was so bad, and I came to the understanding about myself that having to be around people every day makes me extremely depressed and suicidal. So I've just been home these past six months doing nothing. I desperately want to enroll in online school, but how am I going to pay for it if I don't have a job? I *want* a job, I *want* to be able to earn money, but I have such an issue with being in the "real world." It's not exactly a matter of social anxiety or anything, I just feel so disconnected to the world outside of my bedroom and fantasy worlds. Having to go out there, interact with other humans, gets me so down I can't even describe it to you. I would gladly take an online job, or something I could do from home, but I'm not having any luck finding one. No job = no $ for college = no job experience = no job.What the fuck am I going to do? I know I'm a worthless disappointment to my parents. I hate myself more and more every day. I wish there was something I could do about my situation, but as it is, I'm feeling like I'm never going to make it in this world  I feel like I don't belong here. I can't connect with other people whatsoever, and I have no desire to make friends. If you disagree with the notion that I shouldn't just end my fucking life right here and now, please make your case. Because *I* sure as hell don't see how I'm going to continue staying afloat. A life of going outside the house to work around people for 40+ hours a week, almost every day...I would seriously rather die than live in that kind of reality. I'm just not one of those people who gets emotionally charged from being around others, in fact it has the complete opposite effect on me...to the point, as I mentioned before, where I want to commit suicide. 
I could get a coyly couple of hypodermic needles and stick them in my artery's in my wrists. Tape them down and watch my blood flow. XD. A peaceful and kinda easy way to die (if you can find the artery's).  Edit: probably wouldn't work
I attempted suicide last Sunday and I was on the brink of death. My stomach felt like I had destroyed it but now it's Wednesday. I failed. I'm a fucking idiot. I want to complete the job because I'm a worthless ugly human being who doesn't deserve to exist. I have access to many different pills and I just want to take as many as possible. I might not kill myself but hopefully I'll atleast hurt myself because I'm such a piece of shit. What's the point of living if you aren't attractive or pretty? I'm an ugly piece of shit. I want to die. I want to die. I wish I had a gun so I could blow my brains out.
My heart has been weeping for days, weeks, months, years. The sadness far outnumbers the happiness. My birthday is next week. I can't look forward to getting older when my depression just won't abate, when my prayers for goodness to enter my life falls on deaf ears.I want to kill myself the day before my birthday
I can't do anything and I'm tired of trying to make it and failing. I'm not going to school and don't have a job. I can't do those things because my anxiety's too bad. I don't want to be supported by my mom my entire life. I'm so fucking useless and seeing everyone else be good and have fun makes me feel like shit. I wanna draw, and try to' and can't do it for shit. I can't do any of the things I want, I can't write, program, video edit or make music and I see all these people around me that can and it make me feel horrible. And on top of the success other people have that I can't, they have happiness I never will. Assuming I get over my anxiety and find sucess or something I'm good at, I can never enjoy things the way people do. Everyone has sex and does drugs and drink, and I'm not interested in those things. I wanna be interested in them 'cause all the people I've looked up to are into it seems like they've had so much with doing them. I don't want to be who I am. I want to be "bad" but I'm too scared and idealistic. I don't think I can reach the amount of happiness others can even if I do eventually get better. My potential is shit, and even reaching it I won't be happy.I think most of all I want relationships. I want friends and a girlfriend. I haven't been able to talk to people for so long and I keep getting worse. Seeing other interact and have fun makes me feel and 'cause I can't have that, and then I feel worse 'cause I'm getting upset at people's happiness. I think I'm a bad person for thinking like this.I don't see the point of trying to make it through life and get happiness if the amount of happiness I can reach is so little. Especially if I have to go through all this pain for so long and the little amount of happiness isn't garunteed.
So my mom has only 1 day to be sad a year
im so calm about all of this it astounds me. I never thought i would be a person to go out by suicide, but here i am. I gave you everything in life, i stopped school to start a family with you and let you live your dreams, i have up my goals, and aspirations. Then i tell you im considering joining the military, and i back out of the idea and you take it as dishonesty and lies even though you constantly lied to me or avoided honesty? so you throw 6 years down the drain just because of this and refuse to even communicate with me now, i would rather you have just broken up with me and given me a legitimate reason but you constantly avoided my questions even though i was there for you since day 1. And the worst part is even after you completely emotionally destroyed me, i would still take you back tomorrow if you called me up and wanted to figure things out, but no, you dont love me anymore.
I don't want to hear "your family would miss you" or "it's permanent" or "things will eventually get better" or some gay shit like "you'll never get to watch the sun set". Someone give me an actual fucking reason why life is worth it for someone who can't enjoy anything.
I don't even know what happened. I was doing okay for a little while, for whatever reason. My head was clear, I could see again,  and words of encouragement were taken to heart and helped. But only for a little while. I don't even know what happened. It just hit me like a fucking train. Everything lost its worth, and self-loathing and guilt has once again washed over me. I usually vent or talk to my best friend about this but what's the point? It doesn't change a thing and all I'm achieving is being a burden.I thought I was beginning to get "better", and what a ridiculous vague concept that has become. I can't stand this disappointment and pain. I don't know if I'll make it to the end of the year. I don't even know what happened.
I hate being a black male!No matter what I do I will always be viewed as a monster who will be unsuccessful. The statistics show that most rapists are black. And most people in jails are black. Why even bother living?  I turn on the news and see black youths, unarmed being shot. I wear a suit and or argyle sweaters and khakis so I don't look like a gangster. I just look like the Christian I am. When I walk past women they clench their purses. I get good grades but I read that a white man with a criminal record has a higher job opportunity than a black man without a criminal record. People often complain about welfare, something that I found not use. People also assume that if you are black with a high position people will assume that you have your job because of affirmative action which usually helps Caucasian women 90% of the time. (Exageration) I will never be able to marry a beautiful wife. Why even bother living? The Blacks around me do not appreciate me, they think that I think that I am better because of my education. Growing up in school I went through years of being called an African refugee and kuntakente. What I meant by not marrying a beautiful wife is my own personal preference. From a very youngage I found blonde hair blue eyed women attractive. Unfortunately I could never feel accepted by a blonde hair blue eyed white woman. I simply am not good enough.I hope that you noticed the update.
No one wants to help I tried helping myself but nothing works. What suicide methods do you recommend? I don't care how painful it is I obviously handle pain well, I want to know which one guarantees success. You can inbox me too. Thanks.
Hey guys... Making a shitpost here because I can't think of anywhere else to put it. I just feel so suicidal right now. I mean I have felt this way for years, but today coming home to my single parent in another drunken stupor (probably the 15th time this month, I've lost count) is just pushing me to a very dark place. She gets her welfare cheque and buys grog straight away. I'm sure you understand how depressing this is for me.This time her drunken rambling included some barely intelligible nonsense about my father (who I know absolutely nothing about, and I don't think she does either). This is another trigger for meI lament growing up in poverty with a dysfunctional alcoholic of a parent instead of an idyllic, happy, successful, married couple. And I especially lament being a bastard.Anyway, while this triggered the post, everything else in my life is going awfully tooI have no friends, no job (can't even land a job at mcdonalds... I'm pathetic), I've achieved nothing whatsoever in life, not even passing high school, I don't even have a license let alone a car to drive, I've recently noticed a small cavity forming on one of my front teeth which is just absurd as I consume absolutely no soft drinks or candy/chocolate whatsoever, not even juice or cordial or perhaps anything sugary at all, and brush my teeth stringently twice a day, so that's just a total mystery. And I certainly can't afford a dentist right now or any time in the foreseeable future. Continuing on I'm not interested in anything that I can think of, as far as studying something to perhaps launch a career is concerned. Heh, hell, even things which I previously considered trivial, you knowthings that didn't bother melike my never having had a girlfriend at all throughout my teenage years, are all coming back to haunt me now. These are all the things which I think about when I'm walking home. I feel like my mind is on fire. I haven't been able to get these thoughts out of my head all for the past month or so.All I feel like I can do these days is force myself to sleep all day to unconsciously pass what would otherwise be miserable time and collect unemployment benefitswhich in Australia require attending a 'work for the dole' schemesomething that honestly feels like my one and only life jacket right now as it gives me something to do and gets me walking 10 kilometers per day. As much as I try to endure each new hardship, all the stars seem to be aligning into an eclipse of absolute misery. It's getting very hard to keep trudging on. I see no light at the end of the tunnel. I've reached a point where I feel like suicide would be a good way out. My better judgement knows what a folly suicide is; but despite this I just can't shake the feeling. I liken it to an educated economist who knows trade protectionism is a load of bullshit, but can't help wanting to implement it to help people who have lost their jobs due to free trade (strange analogy I know but it seems to fit well and it's the first thing that came to my head). I KNOW suicide isn't the answer, everyone with two brain cells to rub together will agree on this. And, hell, I know there have been people in far worse positions than me who have made it through. Yet that doesn't change the way I feel about it.With my 20th birthday coming up soon I'm getting worriedseeing another milestone that would typically denote a new phase of happiness, success, camaraderie and just general life experience for most people, instead for me serve as just another depressing marker among a litany of depressing markers of perennial failure, loneliness and unemploymentmight just be enough to push me over the edge and make me commit suicide which would be such an unfortunate, yet sadly inexorable lapse in judgement. And if it doesn't, by God will my 21st birthday probably generate that response.Well there's the rant. This is all one big folly anyhow, I mean it's just words on the internet, but maybe you guys can say something that would cheer me up. Believe it or not, one of the things I seem to enjoy most these days isn't video games or movies like when I was a bit younger... It's listening to other people talk about their lives and what they've been up to. How things change.
My whole life, I've had a difficult relationship with my dad. It got to where every time I would talk to him, I would have to worry about having a breakdown, immbolizing me for a few days after.  Hes been emotionally abusive as long as i can remember. Ive apways been scared of him. I decided, a few months ago, that enough was enough; he yelled at me for a nonexistent reason, without letting me speak, and ended the call with a snide remark about passing my test the first time, unlike my driving tests. I cut him off, and my mom understood. I did well; I passed the test (I also recently got my drivers license) and I had a few job offers, all of which but one are left. Nowadays, my mom is trying to get in touch with my dad to put me in education (more classes, studying abroad, etc.). I feel like such a spoiled brat complaining, but having to rely on him financially is what caused so much conflict and so many issues. It used to be pulling teeth to get him to pay my high school or university fees, or get my allowance; it used to be the main source of conflict, like this is how my dad would fuck with my mom, and this is how my mom would FORCE him to take responsibility (they're divorced). I think he's trying to make good on it, but...I can't continue to live like this. I'm desperately trying to find a job, and following up with those I've already been speaking to. I don't want to have to rely on my parents; there's a whole thing behind it and my mind's a mess, and I know it feels like some spoiled millennial shit and I don't get to cry, but...I'm serious. As it is, I'm grappling with such a crippling inferiority complex because while my younger brother and I both got accepted into universities in Canada  (we lived in Dubai, I still do), he got to go. My dad held back for not 'being responsible enough' for no other reason than 'I don't make my bed'. My brother literally got to go while just being in his bedroom and being a dick to everyone the entire time. I've already been diagnosed with anxiety and depressive symptoms, and I just switched antidepressants because life finally looks good, and it's about to go to hell and I'll have to rely on my dad again, so YAY LET'S GET BACK ON THE SAM SHIT AND THAT WAY I CAN DIE EVEN FASTER I'm supposed to go to pole dancing, but I don't wanna style home and I don't feel like I deserve to have a fitness plan to keep my mental health in check. I've cried several times of the past few days. I've had this crisis a few months ago btw. Imy having it again. And that same deadline, 28th March 2017, is stuck in my head forever. 
I'm not saying it will necessarily be soon that I kill myself, but it's how I want to go. I'm a horrible person, I always lie, I only have one friend who I feel I can talk to about my problems and I just got really pissed at her a few hours ago because she was talking about how I'm covered in scars. Life just isn't for me, even if I won't be depressed or anxious or bipolar or borderline or ednos or self harming forever, it won't change the fact that life just isn't for me. I just have no ability to deal with having to work and be a good person and deal with life, I'm simply too weak. Some people just aren't cut out for living, and I'm one of them. It isn't a big deal, I just want to die at my own hands, I don't want to die unwillingly and I don't want to have to deal with life.
I'm not planning on killing myself per se.I'm just ready, because my future is dismal. Not dismal in the sense of necessary financial failure, but in inevitable misery.My genetics have played me a foul hand, and above that a diabolically cruel one. I am 16, and acing college-level math courses. This last semester I dual-enrolled with the local university and was exempted from the finals for Math 270(Calc I) because of my straight As. I'm a National Merit Semi-finalist, and all my standardized test have put me in the 99th percentile. I should be feeling on top the world, right?Nope.I absolutely despise all this academia. Whatever I'm going to do with my life is either going to be something I'm dismally bad at or something that will make me a rich corpse hanging from the ceiling fan.I can't even find love, because despite my best efforts to lose weight I just can't keep the pounds off and I'm genetically predisposed to have a weak jaw and just be generally ugly as all fuck. My speaking is awkward, my facial expressions strained, and my jokes are only ever bad puns.The only thing I think I could ever enjoy is making music, and surprise I'm mediocre at best there too. Even if I was good, I'm a homeschooled kid imprisoned in his own house and I couldn't possibly find a band.I just feel like my life is a long, boring movie that never goes anywhere, and I might as well skip to the end.
the only thing stopping me is my friends have a trip booked in my name, and if I did it this week their trip would be ruined. so I'll hold out a few more weeks. see if it gets better.I just offer nothing to the world, I spend each day waiting to fall asleep. I've been saying "it'll get better" for years now. it just doesn't.
If you ever want to feel like shit about yourself, hang out around future doctors. Med students are typically a bit more financially advantaged, well-dressed, mature, and physically fit than our age-matched peers. They look 100% put-together and on their game 100% of the time. I am not that person, and don't think I ever have been. I've struggled with depression and ADD for years, issues which historically have disbarred doctors from practice (like literally, having depression resulted in docs not getting the licenses renewed). I love working out and used to teach group fitness classes, but I have a good extra 20 lbs on me (I stress eat). And as a 5'10" girl with a good dose of gender confusion, I'm not girly enough to have men swoon over me. I'm also not butch enough to have women swoon over me. I like nerdy shows/books and Pokemon and love science, but am surrounded by people who seem totally underwhelmed by how cool the stuff we're learning is. I'm never able to drag my ass out of bed on-time, and am always 2 minutes late to everything (assuming I don't sleep through it and have to fake illness).Everyone here is so beautiful, and stylish, and mature, and I'm wearing old raggedy nerd shirts and shoes that I've had since high school. Everyone is so skinny, and seems to not believe that I ever taught group fitness classes. Everyone is so smart, and seems to not believe that I went to an extremely competitive undergrad and then an even more competitive masters. I survived some horrendously challenging academic, personal, and fitness challenges, but have to reassure them that I did ("Yea, no I definitely got a masters in biochemistry, I'm not kidding". I try to not talk about the crazy cool things I've done because I'm not an asshole who tries to humble-brag 24-7, but as a result people treat me like I'm invisible.Maybe they're right. Maybe my masters doesn't mean shit. maybe the fact that i've done crazy endurance events doesn't mean shit, maybe the fact that some people used to think I'm good-looking doesn't mean shit here. It feels like the bar was raised, and though I totally exceeded it in more competitive places, here I'd have to be even prettier/cockier to get recognition. I feel like I'm just in everyone's way. With 7 billion people on this planet, the cynic in me thinks that the planet might be better off if some of us suicidals just went ahead and did it. The girls here are so goddamn girly, the guys here are so goddamn stylish, I'm not good enough to date anyone here. I'm not arrogant enough/ enough of a narcissist to know that I'm the shit no matter how many people tell me I'm not. How will I survive residents and attending telling me flat-out that I'm crap if I can't even deal with this subliminal/ covert treating me like shit from my peers???
I've been suffering from an existential crisis since the age of ten. From an early age I've been searching for answers. As an eighteen year old these feelings are something I cannot escape from even today I'm constantly searching for and seeking answers to my questions. Does life really have purpose value or meaning? what I am doing? where am I going? is this it? Because of my NEVER ending existential crisis, I've been suffering from bouts of depression since I was 10. Which leads to severe suicidal thoughts. I don't understand life. If we're gonna die, if we have to construct our own worlds and lives, and if we're ultimately alone, then what's purpose does life have? I don't like life. I don't understand why I'm alive. I won't be the one to find the cure to cancer, I won't be the one to world hunger or poverty. I won't do anything worthy of remembrance. I am just a waste of space on Earth. I've never been loved before, and I know I am not worthy of love. I don't know how to love. I don't have a emotional connection with anybody in life. I don't know what to do I just don't want to live in this world any longer.Sorry if this is all over the place that's just how my brain works. 
i'm planning on killing myself. i've nearly perfected my plan, which i refuse to even specify on this subreddit in fear that someone else will take their own life using it (please don't try to guess and give others ideas). but it is basically using an extremely lethal substance at high quantities.actually, it isn't even that much liquid to drink, which scares me how easy it would be to drink it down. i have been trying to desensitize myself to committing suicide in hopes that it will make it easier to get past my human survival instinct. i have 120ml of this liquid total and it contains 50mg/mli've done all the calculations. 500mg to 1000mg is the lethal dosage for this substance in humans. specifically, the lethal dosage is 6-13mg/kg and i weigh 45kg so the lethal dosage for me would be around 300 - 600mg.there is 6000mg of this substance total in the 120ml bottle in my freezer, which is far more than enough to end my shitty existence. this is almost too easy. i can't tell my spouse since they would just get upset at me and make me feel like shit about it. we've been married for less than a year and she seems to resent me and tells me that no one irritates her as much as i do. i have therapy today and essentially have to either lie to my therapist about my suicide plan or tell her the truth and risk hospitalization. and i've only recently gotten out of the hospital in the beginning of october after being there 2 weeks.i am just tired of having treatment resistent depression, PTSD, borderline personality disorder, and generalized anxiety disorder and i'm tired of making everyone i love suffer because of my existence.i am almost out of my past student loans (my only income) and i can't work due to my mental illness so my wife has to financially support me and she says she will only be doing it "begrudgingly" or reluctantly even though she literally does not have to work at all and makes $1000 per month (from disability benefits) and we live completely rent-free. i have food stamps so she doesn't even have to pay for my food. honestly, i just cannot bear the thought of not having any money and this makes me want to die even more.
The bravest thing you'll ever do, is continue on living when all you want is to die. I'm not that brave. I can't be that brave any more. I don't think anybody else goes through life with the same feelings I do. Not the whole way. They couldn't. Nobody dies of old age when all they feel, 24/7 is envy, and jealousy, and love, and lust, and sadness.Some people say that you can't love more than one person. That's a fucking lie. At least in my case. God I wish that were true. I love Naomi. I do. But I love Nicole. And Georgie. And Elly. And annoyingly enough, still Katie. And every time these people leave my life, or I have to leave them for whatever reason, I fall apart. Things just get worse and worse. When you so suddenly go from seeing a person every single day, to never seeing them again, how do you cope with that? Am I too loving? Or clingy? Am I pathetic?Yep. I'm a 24 year old, straight, white, male, in a society telling me that I have it better than fucking anyone, but constantly feel ashamed of my thoughts and feelings. I constantly feel pushed aside. I got demoted at work last week. The only people who know yet are my bosses. I haven't told my girlfriend. I haven't told my parents, or my (now) fellow employees. I used to be respected, and I don't want to lose that. I got demoted. That hurts. That's my boss telling me that unused to be better at my job. That's my boss telling me that I'm going downhill. Who goes downhill at 24? I peaked already. I've already felt all the best feelings that I'm ever going to feel. Do I have 50-70 years of going downhill to look forward to now? Why the Fuck would anybody want to experience that? I have a rope. I bought it to use for a fun night with a girl once. Now she's in love with my brother. Does it not seem fitting that something used for such fun, could go downhill with me? It used to be a fun rope. I used to be a happy person. My work uniform is in the washing machine. But I don't know if I can go in and spend more time with people who like me less than they used to. I was gonna go to work tonight and help make someone better than me some more money. But instead I'm going to relieve myself of all of this bullshit. Who needs it? I love too much. I care too much. That's gotta be it. I won't let people's names, because then there will be the argument of "why was she listed before me???" or whatever selfish thoughts y'all can come up with. But to those who know I love them, I assure you I do. Naomi, if you find this, give my shoes to Brendan. He's the same size as me.
The last 7 years have done nothing but display how my life can only get worse. I've been hit by 6 cars. Lost 4 jobs. Lost the woman I love because of my increasing mental instability. Gotten a felony. Acquired substance issues. I'm homeless.  My parents are moving out of state next year. My transportation doesn't work, the guy I bought it from is ignoring me even though he owes me a spare engine. I have 4 misdemeanor charges to go to court for in the next month alone. 3 of them this week on my birthday.All my stuff has been stolen. I'm sleeping on concrete and I have no blankets and it's in low 40s. I have no money for food until the 8th. My wallet is stolen so the only work I can get is manual labor and not even on a payroll because I don't have an I'd or social security card to prove who I am. I was called terrifyingly evil by the woman I asked to marry. I've been victim to hate crimes as I was beat on by five guys while in jail for being bisexual. I have no friends or family that can or is willing to help me.I've started Self harming by cutting my arms. I constantly think of suicide and everyday I fight the urge to break down crying. Today I couldn't stop and I'm still sobbing as I type this.I've been applying to jobs but no one wants to hire a felon. And even though I'd pass a background check in 2018, with current record, it's likely I'm going to get either a couple misdemeanors or 3 might be changed into a felony as are for same thing. Being hit by those 6 cars has left my body scarred and in pain. I have ptsd and anxiety from them. If a car turns just so in front of me while headlights are on I relive my first accident, which I was told should have killed me. I just want to be dead so my suffering will end. I've tried to keep my head up for so long but I just can't do it anymore. I'm broken. I've been warped from a kind sweet hearted man to a sadistic depressed asshole. My father is the only one in my family that even talks to me and he is going to another state. I'll never see him again. I have no one and nothing and I don't want to do this anymore.
my friends will think im a weirdo and distance themselves from me, my parents will think im being dramatic and tell me to shut up, and my therapist will be terrified. these thoughts swarm my mind daily and i feel like i either deal with them alone or let people in and ruin my relationships
I was in class and there was this girl that said "If anyone ruins my photo I'm going to kill them." (She was taking a photo to finish a documentation) And I said "Dosen't matter cause I want to die anyways."  Now that was my fuck-up. She turns to me and says "Ehm, was that a joke or for real?" I turn silent. She starts worrying about me and I finally say that I've already been suicidal for 7 years. She then says "Don't think about that. You're a great person and many people like you." After that I get all shaky and we go back to what we were doing. The entire lesson I blasted music into my ears because I just felt so bad for that and I was worrying that this would spread to my friends and I didn't want sympathy. Now I am super anxious and worried for tomorrow. This girl is quite nice also and I liked her a bit.Sorry if I spelled something wrong btw. English isn't my first language.EDIT : I think she forgot already, don't know atleast she hasn't talked to me yet. I hope so.
All my life, my parents have been VERY overprotective of me. While I appreciate and love them for that, there should have been a limit to their overptotectiveness. I understand that they just wanted what's best for me, and that they must have been traumatized because my eldest sister died back then from health issues. I get it. But they raised me to be very dependent on them. I remember my mother wouldn't even let me hold a knife and cook for myself. Nor would she let me go outside on my own. I thought nothing of it when I was younger, but I'm now 24 and she still treats me like I am 4.It's starting to affect me. I've become very dependent on them. I'm scared to go outside of my own, talking to people on the phone scares me. I get easily nervous. I can't drive and take myself to places I need to go because, like I said, going outside makes me nervous. It's just so hard, I feel helpless and I couldn't do anything on my own. What's worst is that my parents are disappointed in me for not being more independent now that I am older. I know they think I'm worthless. I can read between the lines. I started working at our family's company as a secretary and I just sat there at a table like an idiot. My mother expects me to already know what to do in the office even if I have absolutely zero experience. I asked her to train me but she doesn't. She expects me to go around asking people what I should do. I felt like an idiot just sitting there. Even now, she just gives me small tasks even a small child with basic computer knowledge could do. It's a part time job, I get it, but even the unpaid interns were given more work than me. I felt ashamed because there were people YOUNGER than me in that office who do more important work than what I do and I still get paid for it. They think I'm worthless. i am convinced I am worthless. i can't do anything right. I'm too dependent on them and it scares me. They can't live forever, my dad's 74 already damnit. It scares me that they'll leave me and I'll be nothing. This has been bothering me for a while now and I keep wishing I could just wake up dead. I've been having suicidal thoughts for a while now, but I am sure I will never actually do anything to hurt myself. But these thoughts just won't go away... If I tell my parents I am depressed, they'll just dismiss it as a tantrum. I cried in front of them back then, and told them about everything I felt like how helpless I am and how they keep treating me like a child. They played victim and said 'you can't get mad at us, we're old already!'. I don't know anymore.I know there are people suffering more than me, but I just don't know where to go to at this point. No one could understand me. I am still very scared for my future and I always wish I could die before my parents. 
I am not in any hurry to commit suicide (waiting at least for the holiday seasons and a bunch of birthdays to pass by), so maybe I'll have changed my mind by then.Still, I am wondering what I should do.  I am not married but have been living with my gf for 6 years, I have been paying the rent, I know she won't be able to afford it.  I guess that most of my microscopic fortune would be shared between governments and my parents, but I'd prefer my gf to inherit it.I probably need to sign up or cancel some contracts, subscriptions...  Give my books to charity before it ends up lost somewhere.  Delete my browser history.  I really have no idea.  Should I talk to a lawyer?  If so, what kind?What would be some things to organize, from an administrative and legal point of view?
I have hope that one day I won't want to kill myself. That's what I'm holding out for. I can remember moments in time where I was content and didn't want to die, but my baseline seems to be depressed and suicidal. I've seen countless psychiatrists and therapists, and am just feeling really negative right now. But I still have hope, and one day I'll be glad I didn't end my life. Just wanted to share, cheers. 
I'm slipping away in almost every aspect of my life. My peers are moving ahead while I'm struggling to get up and fight my demons. Every railing I check to see if it's high enough. I hope a truck runs me over at every intersection. I used to have medication but I haven't refilled them in about a year and am embarrassed to ask for more since I haven't seen the doctor in a long time. I don't think I can go through the whole ordeal of getting another prescription again. It was so hard to see counselors and doctors for weeks on end. Even if I did, the effects won't kick in soon enough for this to stop. I'm in my last year of college but nothing from class is sticking. I'm lost and confused and have no energy to figure it out. I'm slacking in all my projects and class work. I've been failing my tests and assignments. I don't think I'll even last another month. Any help is appreciated 
I'm planning to jump in front of a train after school. I need some kind of hope right now 
I feel so strongly that I need to die, I know it's the best option. Yet, I know I can't do it, I won't. Every thought brings conflict. I tie my noose  but I still think about what I'm doing tomorrow. I think about living and I remind myself of all the reasons I want to die. College was supposed to go well. No stress from my family. A chance to learn new things. Instead I gave up. I kept digging myself deeper. I'm going to fail every class I'm taking. I'm not stupid, I could be at the top of my classes most likely. But I'm lazy, I can barely motivate myself to eat or move. I do well for short periods of time, but I always end up fucking up and I know that will never change. I will do this to myself again and again. Death is the best solution. But that cold logic doesn't stop me from crying with fear when I put the noose around my neck. It's almost 4:00 am, one of my few chances for redemption in my best class is at 10 am. I will probably sleep through it. Maybe that guilt will be enough push myself over the edge.
Hello there. I'm very honest with the title of this post, don't expect a really bad story or something like that. I'm sitting here before school is starting and my thoughts circle around how everything is shit. But in fact, nothing in my life is bad at all, i think. I'm not the guy who talks much, so I just give some facts:-male/19-in A-Levels, good student, but no plans for future-friendly, but overprotective parents-quite anxious, especially in moments like that-I'm friendly, kind, polite and tried to help others, but I think that isn't my real personality-you can laugh with me, you can talk with me-there a some nice people in school, but I think there are no real friends in my life, no deeper connections-I'm very bad in keeping connections up-so I'm very lonely, since weeks I wasn't outside with people in my free time-still virgin, never had a girlfriend-my brain is shit, I always think of the bad sides of life, because the situation of many other people is worse than mine-in fact I should be happy, but i don't know how, I can't-already tried to take my life last year, but couldn't do the last and important cut-I had some hours with a doc, but it doesn't really help-I have problems with some words like "normal, bad, good, morally, insanity", just with the definition-no hobbies, nothing that makes me happy-in the last days the desire to die was very strong-I'm bad in taking advise from others, so it is paradoxical I'm writing here-my sight on life ist very sad, my brain can't believe in god, there is no reason why I'm here or why bad things happenI'm not able to write all of my thoughts, I'm kinda exhausted. I really dont know whether I should kill myself or not, but it is a nice tought. I feel like I'm a waste of food and water, like there is no place for some people in this world, like me. I already dont know why I'm writing here, I mean there isnt one fact to think of suicide, but I do, all day. I think there are only two options, to kill myself or to change my entire life, which sounds cliched.Why do you guys help people here? Because you like them, because you don't like suicide? Both is complety all right. There are a lot of people who doesn't write about there toughts, and they go without a sound, and nobody knows. Something like that is why I'm sad at all.
Throwaway because I don't need the people I know on reddit bothering me IRL for this.I don't want to whine too much. But, long story short, I've fucked up life. I've gotten to the point where I'm pretty sure I'd be better off just donating all of my organs to people who would make better use of them than me.The biggest problem in my life is that I seem to have lost the ability to give a damn. I thought about going to a doctor or therapist about it but what would I say? "Hey Doc, I can't be arsed about anything. Got any pills for that?"The only reason I haven't jumped off a bridge is because I don't want to hurt my immediate family, who are pretty much the only people who still care about me. But I'm sick of wasting their money just to fail their every expectation. Eventually it's going to come to a head.Any advice?
Ignored just like any other person who might feel like me. Try telling this to anyone who doesn't care. I just live with heart aches and the urge to harm myself without telling people exactly how I feel because of ignorant people. I have nobody that loves or cares about me. The best thing for me is to die and cry while doing it because I feel so worthless. I have never cried until tonight because I know I'm serious about taking my life. I was a good person who has been hurt. I've been abused, I'm suffering with traumatic memories of it, I'm homeless, but in the process of losing my job and it's bad enough I have no confidence and low self esteem. I'm dealing with someone who I trusted and was suppose to get married to that left me and lied about cheating on me just to get out of our 2 year relationship and I dedicated my life and time to her and her last words in regard to my well being was "I don't care". I'm pathetic and there is nothing that will change that. You live pathetic, you die pathetic and I'm a worthless piece of shit with no future and nobody will ever, EVER give a shit about me when I'm dead. R.i.p. to myself since I've already planned this out and I'm wasting little time just typing this and need to proceed with my final curtain. You all take care and for you people that gave me hell all my life and insulted me and hurt me? Fuck you!
I want to kill myself. I haven't revised in days for tests coming up in the next few days and I know that because of that I'm gonna get bad grades and disappoint my parents and my teachers and that's the last thing I want.For the past few years I've tried to make people happy. I've tried to help others and be empathetic and kind, but it never works out. I always end up making stupid mistakes or being awkward so my feelings don't get expressed or just plain being a terrible person. It's like I'm fated to be a bad person and I just can't take it.I hurt my parents and my friends so much after they found out about my self-harming, which I did because I was so upset after my grandpa's death, a fall-out with a close friend and confusion about my gender and sexuality. The loss of that friendship and the self-harm scars that followed still haunt me months later and I don't think they're ever going away. I'm damaged goods and I haven't even suffered that much: I just don't have the mental strength to suck it up and get on with it.(this is what I mean - my thought processes and worries are inherently selfish)I had my first ever panic attack today and that's another reason I want to do this. It's proof that I can't manage my own feelings properly and it's proof that despite medication, support from family and friends and a wonderful therapist, I can't deal with this stuff. I can't deal with the workload of school (even though so many other people can), I can't deal with the self-loathing and I can't deal with the guilt. I'm statistically unlikely to change the world or really do anything useful with my life, so what's the point? Of grades, of sticking around, of living? Dying seems so peaceful right now.I want to kill myself in the next few days, after I get my tests done and sort out unfinished business. I don't see why I shouldn't. It seems like life is just a waste of time.
I hate my job and I feel stuck and every day it makes me want to die. I hate it and I keep doing poorly and I feel like I can't leave because it's the only job I've been able to find that pays so well for the little education and experience I am able to offer.  I have written several little songs about wanting to kill myself because of work and I sing them under my breath at my desk. I don't know how much more I can take. I have a therapist and I'm on medication and I've seen my doctor to get my rx adjusted but nothing is helping and I feel terrible. I have no friends. My husband barely wants to see me except for conjugal visits. I'm pretty sure the only one who will miss me is my cat. I don't know what to do. I feel trapped and tortured by my job and totally alone. I want to escape. I can't do this anymore.
I honestly feel like a failure. UC applications are due tomorrow, and I submitted yesterday. But I messed up on listing my extracurriculars by saying the word "I" in every sentence before actually saying the activity. My grades don't do much for me either. The thing is, I applied to a bunch of colleges, and I feel like absolute crap. Like being compared to others in pools of applicants, feeling dumb and unintelligent, and feeling like I'm going nowhere fast. I just feel like dying; I cry at least nine times a week because I feel like a disservice to my parents and those around me. I just want to end it. Sometimes I picture my own obituary and wonder about the reactions of other people around me. When it gets really bad, I think about self harm--but when I do it, it's not on a large scale, just enough for me to feel something. I feel numbed. At the same time, this whole process of college is taking a toll on my self-esteem that might drive me to suicide, and I can't opt out given the 4k or more my parents have already spent trying to help me succeed even though I'm pretty sure I'll fail. 
I feel like I'm in third person mode if that makes sense. I don't give a fuck about anything. I just want to sleep forever ugh. 
Burner account. One of my very best friends has chosen to end her life. She lived across the country, so I don't know everything. I never will. We often struggled with the same issues of depression and anxiety, feeling trapped, etc. Our survival and our strength bonded us. Now she's gone. I don't want to go into any details, this happened only a few days ago and I haven't been able to talk about it to anyone. I feel what I can only describe as survivor guilt. And I feel wobbly in my own resolve to win a battle that we were fighting (I thought) together. How do I even think about moving on, staying strong, when she made a very different choice? How do I deal with the guilt?
I've always thought about suicide. I've always been, what people used to call me, "melancholic" when I was a child. From 15 to 17 I suffered bad with anorexia to the point I didn't get my periods for 9 months so my mom took me to a doctor and they made me eat again... I've gotten better (though I still feel like I'm huge at size 4) from the anorexia but not from the anxiety and depression. I'm now 27, I have a job and used to live with my boyfriend. In this period we've been together, I called the Suicide Line once, but I never told him that. I had a breakdown while he was out with his friends and cut my arms and destroyed a notebook I had trying to distract me from hurting myself even more. Today he broke up with and he's moving to another country, whereas I'm going to stay in this hell hole I live and die here... We've planned all of it together. We were going to get married but he went crazy today thinking that I cheated on him with an old friend from college with whom I had a thing once, way before I started dating my boyfriend.  And now he won't believe me, I see no future ahead of me other than staying in a job I don't, making barely enough to survive and depending on my parents forever. I am back at the point where I imagine all possible waya of dying without it looking like suicide... So my family won't feel like it's their fault - because it's not. Sorry for rambling, I'm a mess.
I'm sorry. I tried to find something that would make me happy. Well happy in small bursts. And all it has done has been piss people off. I guess I'm not allowed to be happy. But to just lay here in my bed and cry myself to sleep every night. I have next to nothing motivation. I don't know why I do some of the shit that I do. I'm scared to open up to people. Then when I try, it never goes anywhere and I close myself off again. I'm tired of it all.. I just can't go on... 
I reach out to family and Im ignored. Ive posted on multiple forums and I'm ignored by strangers. Maybe that's a sign that it's time. I can't keep up and no matter what I post or where I post no one gives a shit. So I'm done. I want to say bye to some people I know, but I don't know what to say. I'm hurt and I'm angry at so many people for noticing yet saying nothing. So no one I know personally can say that they "didn't know" or "didn't expect this". I read an article and it said that 90% (or something like that) of people who commit suicide leave something behind that hinted that they were going to kill themselves. I can't count how many times I've made it obvious to everyone I know that I would eventually kill myself. No one gave a shit then and they won't now. I can't make people care about me, they choose not to. So I give up. I'm hanging myself tonight in the bathroom, I would do it in my room but my door has no lock. I hope everyone else on here feels better soon.
I think I have a problem. I got intoxicated/drunk AGAIN because I couldn't handle how much hurt I was I in. I'm drowning
I've always felt like doing it, it just never goes away. I remember day dreaming about it as one of my earliest memories. Sitting on the kitchen floor thinking about what it would feel like for it all to fall away.It never leaves me. I've come to understand it doesn't get better, only I get better at getting through the day, distraction by distraction, minute by minute. Yes, I could keep going, but why. I really don't want any of what comes next, and its been that way for as long as I can remember. Is it possible for a person to be depressed for a whole life?The familiar feelings just don't stop. I wish it would stop. Everyone tells me that if I just wanted it bad enough it would stop. I wish I wanted it bad enough. I think I want it to stop. I wish I knew what was wrong. I just don't. I don't know anything.
I hand a recent bout and... I actually pulled myself out of it.I haven't sought any professional help because I don't want to worry anyone in my close network (they are dealing with a lot of shit already) but, I recently had a breakdown and, unlike how it usually goes, I managed to convince myself that, given my blessed circumstances, there are ways (be it un-absolutely completely ideal) that I can live a fulfilling life.I know I'm probably dealing with a lot "less" that a lot of people here are but I genuinely think there are many people with relatively "favorable" circumstances that still turn to suicide, I just want to say, "fight on" (that's all I cant think of right now, I'm sorry).Regardless, this video really helped me recently: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcSUs9iZv-gI just wanted to say thanks guys, you definitely helped, I'd feel a lot more isolated otherwise.Good luck, to you all.(I don't know if I'll have the energy to reply to all your comments personally, if any, thanks anyway)
Two weeks ago I tried killing myself with a large dose of xanax and vodka and was in the hospital for observation all weekend, I thought it would get better after I left but I feel the same way I do now as I did then.  I've been depressed for years and feel like I'm reaching the point where I can't justify waking up in the morning anymore. I really don't have any value in my life or anything that I'm living for, and at this point suicide seems like the natural next step for me.
I guess tonight is the night.
I think i am a cursed man. Every relationship i've ever been in always ended badly, with me not doing anything to wrong anyone. Then she came along..Two years, two years where i thought i finally found someone who wasnt going to leave me to die. She was everything and then some. I was close to proposing to her.Then she out of the blue broke up with me...Said she loved me but wasnt in love with me.I feel so wronged, because i love her too much to be able to move on. She's gonna find someone to replace me, and forget all those things i did with her that she said she would never do with anyone else. I can never be as close to someone again, i'm too afraid of being hurt like this again. Not that it matters because no one is going to like me, i'm never going to find someone as perfect as she was, especially that would love me back.I told myself i would never try to kill myself again, it hurt too many people the last time...but it hurts me too much to carry on, knowing shes gonna be happy without me. I'm a walking paradox who does not want to live nor die. Not like i have much potential in the first place. My music is never going to be noticed, i'll always be second best compared to my friends, and i cant even have her to be there for me now. 
Hi Everyone,The last few months has been so horrible... I've been so anxious all week. With the telecom field of work I'm in. I have to meet and interact with different walks of life everyday. Sometimes people are nice and sometimes they are such a pain. Work has been very slow the last few months and I'm struggling financially to keep things afloat.I tried to take my life in May 2012. I was hospitalized for 4 months. I went from a 200lb to about 130lb after surgery.  I have a scar on my neck and a big one on my wrist as well as my stomach. After the whole set back and feeling very ashame that I've let my mother down. Who was there every single day for me..I manage to pick myself back up without any help. Meaning no medications or therapy. I went back to school and graduated in 2014. I found a great paying office  job and starting working since. I saved all that I could and purchase a 2,400 sqft 4 bedroom home beginning of 2016. I lost that job a few months ago and hit depression again. I manage to find this new job in the telecom field installing phone/internet services. It has been real slow because of the winter season and with all the stress of trying to financially support myself and my achievements. I've found myself struggling to hold myself together again...I've been more anxious than ever and finding myself being socially arkward and making eye contact as been hardier than ever. I'm starting to feel like I'm so ugly...Today, I thought about ending it. I was hitting bottom low... I manage to shake out of it with a few cold shower.. I thought about my mom... I don't want to leave her alone. She's getting older and she needs someone to take care of her! This thought alone made me strong... I can't let her down again. That will truly make me a selfish person... I'll hang tight... maybe things will get better...I'm glad I'm still here..Thanks for reading...
I wrote a few poems about a suicide attempt I had a few years ago and published them on one of those poem sharing sites and someone said I should use my writing skills to help people. That got me thinking: how can I help people in general given the experiences I've had with anxiety, depression, and suicidal thoughts? I don't know what I can or should do, so anything helps.
Let me start off with saying that I am not very good with words. Or anything else for that matter. I am 16 years old, obviously living with my parents. I have been depressed for as long as I know. Recently things have become much worse. I am doing terrible in school (1.3ish GPA), I have very few friends, and my parents have never really supported me. They love my sisters much more. Things have only been getting worse and I am planning on ending it by the end of December which gives me some time to say goodbye to the few people in my life that I love and finish anything else that needs to be done.Thanks. 
I have come to the conclusion that ending my life is the only viable option I have to escape being trapped in debt and living paycheck-to-paycheck for the rest of my life. I worked my ass off in school to get a degree that I thought would provide a return on my investment (Management Information Systems) but instead I am struggling to pay back my loan payments every month because I have living expenses and necessities that are so fucking expensive now. I am currently sitting in my bed with a pen and paper and making a list, trying to think of the most efficient and cleanest way to kill myself so I don't leave a mess behind for my family, and be considerate that it is holiday season as well. I have reached what appears to be the end of what I consider to be a life worth living and do not hope to make it any further. There is no help, there is no saving grace, there is no light at the end of the tunnel. There is no magical way to fix this scenario because I am not made of money and neither are my parents and I can't make ends meet anymore. I do not desire to live this way and hopefully will not for much longer. I completely understand why college graduate suicide rates are continually rising because I am going to add myself to that number due to this situation. 
And I feel guilty and responsible.The thing is, I convinced my partner to go to the psychiatrist. He got prescribed meds. Everything seemed to be going well, until...There is this boy that is my best friends for 10 years. There was never chemistry between us, we are just mates. Throughout our friendship he did some nasty things to me, but somehow we always got back.When I started dating my partner he immediately hated my friend. I told him some bad things that the did to me in the past and it formed an image of an abuser in the head of my partner. The truth is, I should have held my emotions, but even though I tried to explain to him that it's not the case anymore, he hates the friend guy very much. He never openly told threatened me, but after every conversation we have about the friend he gets extremely suicidal. Two days ago he locked himself in the bathroom and later he told me that he held a sharp object and wanted to kill himself, he was very close. I cried like crazy and he told me that he is disappointed that the most important person for him reacts in such way, because it makes him feel like a bad person.I have no idea what to do. I don't want to lose a long time friend and I feel emotionally manipulated. I have not told anyone because I'm scared that my partner will get mad and will do something bad to himself. When I told him I feel manipulated he wanted to kill himself for being a bad person for me because he felt like psychopath and he hated himself for that. On the other hand, I distanced myself from the friend and he is angry at me for that. He doesn't understand why I did that and he feels cheated because our friendship was very important for both of us. So. Here I am alone. With everyone being angry at me, I feel constant guilt and need to do everything my partner wants me to. I love him very much and I don't want him to end himself. But I also don't want to be put in the position where I need to chose between friend or partner. I feel really sick of this all, I have no idea what to do. My partner doesn't want to go to the therapy with me. He also doesn't want to get any more psychological help. I cannot force him, it must be his decisions. I feel so alone.Anyone has any tips on how to talk with either of them? I feel embarrased that I got myself to be so manipulated and I don't want to admit it to my friend because he will tell me to leave my partner. And I CANT live him. I would feel guilty if anything bad happens to him. I feel the responsibility for too many people at once. I want to see counselor but first I decided to do a research on the Internet and ask you on this subreddit. How to talk with suicidal people?Is there any solution? This situation is just so sick. I'm afraid to tell anyone, because no one will understand. I feel so alone in this. 
I am tired of fighting. I don't want to do this anymore. I have tried for too long. Tonight, my best friend accused me of betraying them and sneaking behind their back. Said friend recently had a suicide attempt and I reached out to their partner because I was concerned about what they had told me about them still being suicidal. I am the bad guy though. I am the betrayer. I am tired of being hurt and hurting people when all I am trying to do is to love and help. I have too many emotions in such an overwhelming world. I myself have been suicidal for the last month at least. I have been self harming more frequently lately. Usually I would turn to friends but I feel so raw and torn up on the inside that I don't know who to talk to right now. I haven't been able to sleep more than a few hours at a time for a few days now. I'm burnt out. Exhausted. I have exams coming up and I don't have the mental capacity to concentrate. I tried being a good friend and compassionate, but it always gets me in the end. I'm sorry. I don't think I will tonight but I think it will be soon. TL; DRSuicidal as fuck and I can't do anything right  
Oh my god. I absolutely know one of the is the root causes of me wanting to die. I'm so terribly pitiful at everything I do. Some friends and I took up skateboarding 2 weeks ago and they are all SO FUCKING much better than me. It's sounds so goddamn petty but this shit is getting so frustrating. Please for the love of god can someone help me treat my comparison of myself to others?

Ive been struggling for the past 9 months with severe depression, I have been thinking about committing suicide for awhile and sometimes it's just tempting to just end all of it, the stress the pain of depression is ridiculous. I know people have it worse than me and get through it, but I'm not as strong I suppose. I have reached out to a few friends and they have been supportive but talking about it never helped, maybe cause I didn't give them the full story. I cut whenever I feel really bad and I hate myself for doing it. I feel ok when I'm out with friends but I tend to isolate myself and then lay in bed and just fantasize about death, or the easy way out. I get depressed for about a month and then it goes away for a little and starts back up stronger after a few weeks. I think of my depression as rounds in a boxing match and I'm on round 6. Who knows what happens after round 10 
Edit: my attempt was a fail, just like me.
Hello, I have been trying really hard to be happy. I work in healthcare and have done lots of therapy. I have tried medication already I have been fantasizing about death since age 12. I am a 33 year old woman.  I wish there was a store where you could go in and sign up for death. I feel like I am only staying alive just to make others happy.People say I am professional, pretty and nice. But, I feel like life isn't worth living. I know this sounds odd, but I don't have much in my retirement account (I know I can work on it, but it's not up to the standards of others).  I am single, and there's criticism on needing to find someone. Trust me, I have had plenty of dates. No right fit. In fact, I have received a lot of criticism and emotional/verbal abuse my whole life. Years of being put down doesn't make you grow a thicker skin. It can make you feel like you want to disappear.   A client today told me that I wasn't the right fit for her.  I know these are all little things, but being dead means you don't have to put up with anymore. I don't feel like I was meant for the planet. I seriously wouldn't mind being dead.  I am asking if you can give some rational logic to feel better?  I know people will be upset about my death, but for some reason I feel apathetic.  
Idk how much longer I can live like this. I want to end my life. Please someone talk to me.I know nothing will come from this, but I'm running out of hope.
Hello there. Thanks for being interested in reading this.  I have been honestly too nervous to voice my troubles on the internet for a very long time about the mental state that I am in, mainly because of the way the internet works now and how people would perceive it, as well as being a total newbie to everything; starting out with nobody who knows me very well. Of course, I really don't want anyone to know me personally, but I'm in a desperate state for help, and I don't know what to do. I found this subreddit and thought I would give it a try since it is so welcoming, (Hell, even though the majority of Reddit would rather watch someone burn in a hole.) but it's worth the shot I guess.  I'm 14, Freshmen in a brand new highschool. Pretty optimistic most of the time, and I have quite a few friends, (most of them being mainly acquaintances. I am currently unsure if I have any good friends at my school or not.) and I'm pretty concentrated on my work, even though most of my time is spent drawing. I'm making straight A's and B's. From the cover, I guess it's all good.  -Yet, for the past few years, I've been struggling physically and emotionally. I'm overweight, careless and depressed. Disgusting, deprived of sleep and emotional. The majority of my time is spent in front of a computer, often indulging in some sort of old show or game to get my mind off things.  The following has been the only cure for my own self pity and problems: ignoring them. I know that it's extremely unhealthy to bottle up emotions and never speak of them again, but there's a reason why I've done this.   My mother is my everything to me. She brought me into this world, raised me, helped me and supported me. When it comes to as complicated problems as I have, she somehow isn't this way. I guess it's because her mom was always sort of mean and hateful to her, but it still doesn't make sense. She usually says I need to wake up or get over "it." It never helps.  Two of my good friends at school offer to help me from time to time, but I feel stupid. Downright stupid. I'm looked upon as a freak to the majority of my school mainly because of my likings (which, is absurd! Doug TenNapel for the win.) and attitude, which, is generally quiet. I feel these friends share the same thoughts, even though we are so close, they seem to look a little different at me than anyone else. Maybe it's because I speak before I think. I dunno.  But in the end, it's too much for me to go talk to these people.  I've wasted so much time typing this, I havent truly explained my entire problem. Why am I so upset, you may ask?  I downright despise myself. I've been feeling suicidal ever since I had an injury leading me to stay out of school for 3 months, and I cant stand anything I do. I look at myself as a disgusting slob. -This thought probably comes from my mother since just about everytime I put food in my mouth or a conversation needs to be started, she ends up dissing my weight, which I'm glad she does. I'm glad she doesnt just let me sit and rot, though some word choices of hers are not the best...  Looking at myself, all I can see is a disgrace. Two chins, dark circles, 194 pounds, an upset mother, and an internet history full of shame. All I have to blame is myself.  I apologize if this is hard to read. I really pushed myself to write and post this, and I'm currently not feeling well. Hope it's illegible enough. (I'll probably regret posting this sooner or later.)
No one who is in my corner to help me. I currently live alone and I know if I commit myself my nparents are going to want to dictate the care I get and I don't want them to at all. They will want the docs to medicate the hell out of me and make me compliant with their demands. They don't give two shits about me. All they give a damn about is how much it will cost and cheap out. I have no one I should just end it before they destroy my sense of self well what little I have at any rate
Something's wrong with me... I get depression so fucking intensely that I can't even wake up in the morning. Call me lazy, or whatever you want, but I get anxiety so bad sometimes that even walking into a room and sitting with a bunch of people freaks me the fuck out. I can't do it. I clam up, and my brain shuts down and I sweat so bad and I feel like nothing is real so I can't even function. That then leads to me not going to class. I do my work, but I'm really not intelligent at all so the work I turn in is shoddy and just overall terrible. Wanna hear something that will make me seem like the biggest piece of shit ever? My GPA is a 0.009. It's my freshman year of college, in the first semester and I'm already just fucking failing.Yeah. I can't go to class because of my anxiety and AWFUL depersonalization disorder, and on top of that my anxiety makes me unable to really speak to people so I don't have a lot of friends either and when I do I lose them. All the time. Because on top of all of that, I'm just a big fucking weirdo.I don't know what to fucking do. I don't know what my future holds. I suck at making connections with people and I'm just so fucking dumb and useless so I know I'm going to fail at everything already!For everything I do, it goes like this: I start out with them and everything is good at first. (jobs, school) and then my anxiety hits and I just... stop going. I never went to ROTC so I got kicked out of that. I never went to my summer job because I got such anxiety about going. I'll just wake up without a feeling of purpose at all so I just say "fuck it" and fail. And now it's happening with college. I fantasize about getting my hands on some sleeping pills, but I don't know how.I HAVE to end my life. I'm such a fucking loser. And no one will miss me.
Through a couple years of my life, I've felt as if no one has really wanted me around feeling that my existence is pointless. I'm only 16 and I've thought about ending my life on multiple occasions. I don't feel comfortable talking to my close friends or family about it because I don't like to deal with people on my back 24/7.  So I've come to reddit to ask for advice.  My life has been filled with being bullied by family and friends both physical and mentally.  I think about ending it but never am capable because I'm at a young age and feel as if I can go on.  A couple years ago my cousin was killed and time and time goes by and I think about why it wasn't me instead of him.  Sorry for such a long post,  but I really need to know if I'm just going insane.  Dealing wth both depression and anxiety.  
I don't know what to do anymore I'm dead inside I'm useless I don't really know where to start so I'm just going to say some of the things that heavily encourage my suicidal thoughts.I met a girl 2 years ago (A)I really liked her within the first 2 months and the crush grew bigger but she fucked around with my heart for a while, we continued to be good friends. Fast forward to August 2015 I met a girl and I immediately fell in love with her and of course A came back begging for me back and when I wouldn't budge she attempted to make me feel worthless and she did me and this girl were doing really good coming up on our one year She comes back 2 weeks before our 1 year and manipulated me and lied to me and convinced me my girlfriend was abusive and shady and a bad person and fucked with my head because she knew how hard I originally fell for her (A) Me and A got together eventually like she wanted Then she cheated on me, twice. Told me she wasn't sure if she wanted me anymore broke up with me got back left me abused me mentally. She used me That was late August to mid SeptemberIt makes me want to die How could I be so pathetic and useless to her if Im not I want to die for what I did to my now ex girlfriend I feel horrible and she'll never truly know how sorry I am I deserve death 
Ive been very active on r/depression and was trying to help others through the worst part of their lives, but I just cant do it any more. Living through what I have been; abuse, extreme back problems, and bullying have all lead up to this. I just cant take the pain any more, and even though I hate other people for committing suicide, this is probably for the best. My parents dont want me, my back problems are incurable, and all my peers hate me. Its been a honor to meet all the wonderful people in my life and on reddit, but this is it, Im checking out. Thanks, and its been great.
Hi there.I'm not good with words at all but I'll try my best.I've been suffering from depression for most of my life,getting worse as time goes on (also Autism,hate me all you want, I don't care anymore.)My family sees me as a dissapointment and a failure,saying that I'm a disgrace as a person and that I should be ashamed of myself for turning out how I did,with desire to kick me out even,I have no job,no money, and nowhere to go, I have nothing.I'm not on medication and the therapists and counselors I've talked to haven't helped me at all.I had two friends that I loved to dearest to my heart but I'm about to lose them.(cause of my depression driving them away and them not wanting to be with me for the same reason.)I frequently have anxiety attacks where I just start breaking down and crying for what appears as no reason. (One of those cost me my friends.)Most people I know irl don't like me (a few even telling me to go kill myself)I'm giving myself till sometime in December/January for things to be better but after that,if things don't then I'm done.I've already tried to kill myself twice,might as well go for a third.I already have an idea on how to do it (probably an exit bag,I've tried pills before but obviously those didn't work.)To those that tried to help me, thank you so much and I'm sorry I'm such a failure that I can't beat this.If my friends are reading this,then I'm sorry, I love ya'll with the bottom of my heart and I'm sorry I was such a worthless piece of trash,undeserving of any love that I drove you away.Anyone want to talk to me right now,go right ahead I'll try to respond,I don't expect it though :(.
About a year ago I tempted fate and almost ended it. I decided to stick it out and see if it got better. And it did. Even though I lost my shitty job, I still have my sobriety and that means everything to me. So yea today is a sad day and a younger less wiser me would have tried to end it again but Im stronger now and I'm gonna fight through and I'll bounce back somehow.  Thank for listening to me as I have listened to everyone in this sub.  You guys can be very inspirational.
Ok, so I dating this woman, we dated in high school and now back to together. She has 2 other kids with different men but i love them like they was mine. Both was concieved when she was drunk off her ass. Her dad passed away a week before thanksgiving last year. So the day after this thanksgiving she goes with her work friends to drink, she tells me everything would be ok. Come to find out she got wasted and slept with her friend, and she might be pregnant. Me and her talked about abortion, because she didnt want to carry a baby of a man who she didnt love and i didnt know if i could love it. She talked to him and they decided not go have one with even talking me. Now she has to go out of town for work for 3 weeks, with him and a few others. She will be gone when her period is suppose to arrive. I asked her who she would inform first, she said him and then when i said, wait what, she said she didnt know. I have zero faith now. Im ready to just end it all and be done with all this pain in my life. Everytime I close my eyes, I see him and her together, Ive come close 3 times since friday night.
I have nothing, NOTHING to live for. Nothing I do matters or means anything because nobody even acknowledges that I'm alive. I could do anything tomorrow and it wouldn't matter. And don't tell me to 'put yourself out there' and 'find groups that share your interests'. You have no idea what you're talking about. You're guessing what it's like to have nobody in your life. But you have no idea. You have jobs, or friends, or very likely *some* family. I haven't spoken to anyone but a cashier for weeks. People just don't survive on their own. Nobody would miss me or care if I died, nobody would care if I did anything tomorrow. I may as well not exist. Somebody give me a good reason to keep going that isn't completely retarded. 
Hi I'm a 20 year old male that works at a McDonald's,my life is monotonous and conflicted and I feel like I'm a failure. I came from an abusive home and I failed college so I moved to the Midwest so I could get myself on my feet, my mental health got worse. I have Autism spectrum disorder,ptsd,and bipolar 2. My friends all say it's going to get better soon and I try to believe them. But in the end I feel like my life means nothing. To clarify I don't want to die but with me having a mental breakdown every day and my dreams wrought with reminders of my life and what I did wrong I don't know what to do anymore.
I can't I can'tI can'tI can'tI just can't do it anymoreI can'tI have a knife oressed against me and the only thing I'm afraid of is hurting My family but they hate me anywayIt's so quietIt's so time 
Living life without a father was really hard and I really just can't stand knowing that he's out there probably enjoying his life while his family's rotting away somewhere, I never got any love and support from my family, just material things that would only make my life worse, the most I've probably gotten from my family was a short "congrats" for being top 1 in the grade for like 2-3 years, but after that my grades just slowly started getting worse and worse, my family got more aggresive and insensitive as time went on, to the point of mentally, physically and emotionally exhausting me, I've tried talking to them and it usually works for about 2-3 days before they come back to being what they were before, I only have like 2-3 friends I wholeheartedly trust and one of them is slowly drifting away, it hurts more because that person has been my friend for 17 years and has become the love of my life, I'm not that close with my other friends but I trust them enough, bad enough that I have trust issues too, doesn't help being physically abused throughout your childhood without fighting back, this whole thing is just so badly composed and I'm just so tired and I just don't want to do anything anymore, I wouldn't be able to afford therapy anyway, so I guess this is the end of the line for me
I don't know what exactly has been happening to me lately. I have Social Anxiety and recently a depressive episode has struck me. Each day I feel like shit and just want to die. I've been getting a lot of panic attacks lately.  Doctors/psychologist just hook me up Xanax and Antidepressants, that doesn't help me as much. Its not the help I want, I got a very few friends in real life, none of my friends understand how I feel and nor they can help me. I feel alone, hopeless, worthless and I get suicidal thoughts everyday and each day I just want to act on those thoughts even more.  I got no self-esteem nor any self-confidence. Everyday is the same thing over and over again. I've lost my motivation to study for tests, appetite,  and much more things that I did before. I honestly don't know how long I can hold off.
I did a 27 day rehab for xanax, oxys, and alcohol. Today I'm 33 days clean. I just got back to my job on Monday and I hate my life. Now I can't even use because my family and friends are all supporting me and I don't want to let them all down because they are so proud of me. I want to disappear. 
I feel there is no place for me. No space. No belonging. No hope for a good future with a good quality of life. Always poor, always struggling, friendless. I want a stable home, I want a family of my own to come home to. I don't want to be homeless, i don't want to end up sharing an apartment with another mentally ill person that I don't know in some ghetto unsafe neighborhood. I don't want to be scared for myself anymore. I don't want to be plagued by endless depression anymore. My negative way of thinking that's so reinforced it's almost impossible to change. I never see the glass half full always half empty. I'm tired of feeling abandoned and lonely even when I'm with people who care about me. I'm so so so tired. I'm tired of trying different medications for them to suddenly stop working. If I could, I'd start over. I don't want to be in pain anymore. I don't want to suffer anymore. My whole life has been about suffering. People say I'm smart, talented etc... what good is that if you are in deep despair all the time? Too depressed to enjoy ANYTHING, not even a TV show. I've done everything right, I've been in therapy for years, tried many medications, I've tried really hard for many years. I've made huge drastic changes that were mistakes in an effort to better myself. I don't know what else to do. I just know that from the moment i wake up I want to cry and go back to sleep. I'm happier when I'm sleeping. I can't wait until I go back to bed. I cry all day. I keep forcing myself through life like a zombie leaning on the hope of others that it will get better. It only has gotten worse. I don't see a happy future at all. I see more of the same because it's been this way since I was a child. I've made it to 30 years old. barely. Why do people want me to keep on living under these conditions? They truly believe that things will get better, but when? It's been 30 years already! My therapist tells me that I have to change my way of thinking. That I have to force myself to think positive and be more optimistic. I have tried and failed many times. She just says keep trying. What if my brain is truly not capable? No, she doesn't accept that. She doesn't know how else to help me anymore after 5 years of therapy. I've stopped making progress she says. I wouldn't mind being dead if I didn't feel any pain and I didn't cause anyone I love suffering. I feel like it's my only way  out. Like I'm being forced out of this existence because I can't tolerate the life I've been given. If this is the way it's going to be, I don't want it. Why isn't it ok for someone to just NOT want the life they have? Why must we always be grateful that for what we have rather than don't have? If that's the only way to happiness then I am screwed. I'm always unsatisfied. My childhood was rough and left a lot of damage and now I'm forced to walk this earth half-baked and miserable and be thankful for it. It doesn't make sense to me. I just need some relief from all this pain and suffering and worries and I can't even have that. I don't know what else to do or how to keep on going. People say I'm a fighter not a quitter, Fight for what exactly? a life I dont' want? what am I fighting for? I have no real purpose. I'm alone most of the time with barely anyone checking up on me. I bet if I were gone then everyone would come out from all over the place to say nice things about me and how they feel sorry. It just really, really hurts inside all the time. It's crushing and I'm scared for my life because I don't know how much longer I can take all this pain.
I don't want to kill myself, I had thoughts but I don't think I can actually do it. I just don't know the point of me existing anymore with my depression and social anxiety I feel rejected everywhere I go, never met anyone who understands, bad relation with family I never talked to them about anything that hurts me since I was young there was just me and myself. I just want to be like everyone else, I can't even speak to girls without panicking I always seem awkward everyone's laughing at me, calling me names. I'm too sick of this shit even though I'm proud of myself as a teenager to make my own money never relied or waited on my parents, motivated myself to keep going but I can not everyday is a nightmare to me, I just want to sleep and never wake up. I just want to enjoy a little of this life, i can't even remember a single good memory I've had. 
I need to get this off my head, just don't want to feel so alone.I hate being conscious and try to sleep as much as I can.I can't let go of the problems that bug me all day. I can't feel happiness, just dread and anxiety.I don't enjoy life and would prefer to not be here. Just like I was before being born.Both of my parents told me they were suicidal in the last year. And it is very hard to handle. I feel like I've mourned my dads death even though he is still here. I feel so alone in the world and afraid of the future. Money is very tight and I am stuck in a dead end job. I can barely save money each month. I have no financial support.My friends aren't really there for me. I don't trust them.I ruin relationships. I broke up with someone cause I felt like they didn't like me back as much and not very affectionate. I then slept with someone else and realised we aren't very similar. Now I regret breaking up. And it's painful.I ruined the new relationship cause I don't really want kids and that bothered her. She went all weird on me. But I've only known her a week. I'd prefer if it didn't end awkwardly.I have nothing really worth living for and if I had access to a gun I think I would pull the trigger. There's really no way to do it painlessly.Sorry to be a bummer but I'm going through a lot in my head at the moment.
I wake up most days wanting to kill myself. It's not even a concious decision and there's nothing immediate that triggers it. I just wake up every day wanting to kill myself.We all have to die one day, why does it matter today or tommorrow? Would you rather be in control of your death, or would you rather be subject to the fact that at any minute now you could drop dead from a heart attack or a stroke? Or worse yet, suffer through cancer or some other horrible terminal disease.My Mom had cancer and it was litterally the worst experience I've ever seen anyone go through. She couldn't eat, and anything she did eat she would throw up straight away. When she was done throwing up whatever she ate, she would start throwing up green bile. She became a skeleton of a woman and a shell of what she used to be.She was paralysed and unable to basically do anything with her life, except be in constant pain and suffering.  She couldn't even take normal opiate painkillers,  because essentially they interefered with a function that was already fucked up.I constantly have to make a decision over how I am to live my life, why is it such a leap that I should want to choose how to die?I can give justifications as to why, but mostly it seems to fall on deaf ears or meets opposition, simply because you value your life more than mine. SOmeone out there is always recommending I seek the help of a professional. The same professionals that work in an industry that consistently, and legally violates the most basic human rights, simply because someone acts in a way that is unacceptable or not understood.Or stuffs ineffective and poisonous medicaitons down our throats. Medications that are being questioned everyday because of a faulty model of reasoning and already debunked hypotheticals. And if I don't take these medications? I'm seen as being unreasonable.Then of course, there's the guilt train. What about those who love me? I don't have any friends or family. There all dead. I have no one to love, and no one loves me. There would be no guilt, it would just be a passing of another anonymous schlub.So do I have a problem or don't I?
This is going to be entirely a stream of consciousness, so I preemptively apologize if there are any grammar or spelling mistakes. I don't want to proof read this, I don't want to check each itsy bitsy word like this is some essay I need to turn in and make sure it's perfect, I just want to huddle up in this corner with my phone and stay here.I feel so unhappy and unfulfilled. That's it I guess ... There have been times in the recent past where in the moment, I think I feel some form of happiness. There have been times in the rushing heat of the moment where I think to myself, "so this is why my life is worth fighting for." But at the end of each and every day, I end up going to sleep feeling ... like there is something missing. It's as if each and every part of your life were divided into pieces of a puzzle and all carefully formulated and placed together ... yet as the time I have ticks by - as the days I have fade away - these pieces are slowly taken away, broken, disintegrated and forgotten. Sure, I can try to appreciate the pieces that I have for now ... I'm so thankful for those things ... yet it's still just an incomplete puzzle. There are so many missing puzzle pieces. So many missing; and not enough still with me.I genuinely try to stay optimistic. That has been my goal in life since my first, (and only) attempt I think ... seven years ago. JEEZ it's been a long time ... cudos to myself for that. Actually ah, let me try to elaborate on my first attempt and what its effects were on me in the last few years.In 2008/2009, I attempted to kill myself. I blindly in the middle of an overwhelming cloud of depression and anxiety swallowed an entire bottle of my mom's prescription medicine. Ziprasidone I think. I must have been a huge racket in the bathroom because my mom walked in on me maybe five minutes into my struggle to end my pain ... and man ... I friggin love my mom. I see a lot of people on here who don't have a close relationship with their parents and all I can do is offer my deepest and most insincere sorrow. Having someone you can trust as much as a mom who loves you unconditionally is the absolute best.She caught onto what was happening pretty quickly, and she got me to the hospital pretty quickly ... where my stomach was pumped ... not so quickly. And then I was kept in the hospital because I was in danger of hurting myself ... and that process went by ... not so quickly. But I suppose what happened that day isn't why I started making this vent. What I wanted to get out of this story is that that day was when I realized life is so god damn short. I spent everyday before then only worrying about myself, but really I was a lost cause anyway. Why would I help a being - myself - who had already given up when I knew that I could dedicate my energy in trying to help other people.... And that's what I did I guess. I hate myself and I think about dying nearly every single day, yet I haven't told a single person that despite how vividly and vicariously these thoughts press against my mind. It takes every once of my effort to push them down and try to stay strong. I have to, there are people who depend on me. I have friends who go to me for their troubles - friends who thank me for everything I've ever done for them. Heck, I helped one of my best friends through a suicidal phase ... hehe ... I remember staying up with them for hours and hours just to keep them company and make sure they were feeling comfortable and ... not unhappy I guess. They thanked me years and years later for all of that - they told me that I was the reason that they were still alive and happy today. That comment alone made me feel like my life had value. And I'm sure it does, yet I am blind to that. Maybe that blindness is caused by depression, who knows. I don't have a therapist - or even anyone - I can talk to about these kind of things. It took a ton of effort to make this post because I DON'T want people to know I am depressed.I want people to think of me as a positive role model that they can look up to. A caring and hardworking child, a loving and supportive friend ...I just want to help other people because I know how it feels to be so low ...... yet I don't want them to see how low I really feel.Today was a kinda shitty day. My parents have an absolutely terrible relationship, (they stick together like glue because of religious beliefs) and the moment I got home I had to deal with their petty little arguments over petty little topics that will never matter fucking in the next week. I hate the screaming and the crying, I hate how my dad takes his work related anger out on my mom and I, and I hate everything about being home. I never want to go home after school, I look for every opportunity to stay out and just stay away from all the hostility.Ueee ... I am so tired. I put in a lot of effort, I think. I have put in a lot of effort in trying to be s good person - trying to do well in school and trying to prepare for the future. But I really don't know if I even want to ... even try anymore.I don't know, there are a lot of things still that make life worth living for. I have a boyfriend who means the absolute world to me. He listens to me, he helps me out when i'm stressed out, he cares for me and ... god I love him ;_; it would crush him if he saw how I really felt, and it would destroy him if he saw me go in such a terrible way. I can't give up ... for him. Even though I want to so badly.... This vent feels really nice to write, it's like a lot has lifted from my shoulders. Thanks a lot to whoever is taking the time to read this in its entirety. You're a very good person.

That's where I've gotten to. I think I'm going to keep going. 
Just a series of days where you wake up and wait for the day to end. Except i cant sleep so i dont have that to look forward to.So i put my cassette of "Help Me Make it through the Night" by Willie Nelson on repeat, drank 8 beers and danced with a loaded double barrel.
How much Effexor can you take before you die? I just took an extra 300mg. I want to go higher. I want to end it but I'm scared of the result. 
I woke up feeling like shit, physically. . which is fine. It totally matches my mental state. Gives me a reason to hide. In the past two weeks, I ruined my relationship with my sister and my best friend of 28 years. I told them I would. I said I would systematically remove myself from everyone's lives, as to not be a menace to them anymore. The problem is that I have 5 kids and 3 grandkids to think about. But, honestly, besides the grands, no one even bothers with me. Unless they want to blame me for something or ask me for something. They hate me and they show their residual childhood hate for me. They will hug me when they see me, ask how I'm doing. But, guess what? Out of sight out of mind right? The grands are too young to remember me. Except the oldest,who's 8. Who I love more than any single person or thing on this planet (same for the 2 other grands). Literally, the ONLY thing that makes me smile is my grandchildren. They are the only thing that gives me a feeling of joy or elation. Nothing else does anymore. I'm filled with stone inside. My face used to be one of those that whatever emotion I was feeling, anyone could see it written all over me. And I had plenty of emotions. Too many. My emotions are what drive me to this point, to being and feeling insane. I have worries that most of my friends and family would say is unfounded. They think that because they RESPOND to a text or call, that they're engaged in my life. They're not. I'm the mother of 5 and I find out everything about them thru facebook. Engagements, moves, jobs and anything else. Always the last fucking one to know! I wish my dad were here. Even tho he hated me, I could scream, yell and be crazy around him, he'd deal with it and then call me crazy, I would cry, he would make me a drink and we'd talk all night. He did understand me. He didn't like me and told me I'm shit, so he did understand me.He wasn't the best man, he  wasn't even close. He did some things that people usually go to prison for. Lots of things. Including one thing I've never told a soul, but maybe I'll just put it down here. I don't know, I'm afraid because he died 2 months ago and it feels like defiling the dead. I need to tell someone. Not now, I have to think.He was a biker. A rough guy. Always in leathers and boots. He lost a leg dropping a Harley on it and burning a hole thru his calve. He asked me to go live with him since I was the one available. Single, 40 and just graduated college. No real roots anymore. Not since I left my family home in Florida and separated from my long time husband. Oh, was there a reason for that! I got everything I deserved. I'm still taking it.I went and lived with him and tried to care for the house, him and the dog. For awhile it was great, we got along and we had fun. Then we started arguing. Then I could feel myself coming apart. Like at any minute of any hour, I would bust thru my skin and turn into a nothing more than a puddle on the floor. Disinegrated, finally. I started to remember the things he's done. It started to bother my daily and I tried to push it down. I don't know how anyone couldl stay sane while living with the father that molested them. I loved him, tho. He did that and I loved him so much anyway. Always trying to get his approval. I didn't. I never did. How fucked up am I, that I would love someone. I have to do it now. 2 paragraphs up: My heart is pounding and my laptop is shaking with my typing. Ihave to say this, to you and I'm sorry. I watched my father begin to molest my little sister. I got up for school one morning (this was in high school) and I went to her room to make sure she was up. He was sitting on her bed just rubbing her butt as she slept. It wasn't fatherly. No one on this planet knows this but you. Everyone knows he molested my aunts.Not my first experience with molesters. I had 4, I think. I had the babysitter at 3, a male who forced me to perform oral sex on him (my father told me I made it up and was too young to remember something like that). I had a stepfather from ages 10-14 who molested me the whole time. The usual, come to my room at night and touch me, stand next to my bed and masturbate. I also watched him molest my aunt in the same room when I was 10. He thought I was sleeping. Let's see, I had the stepfathers friend who enjoyed sharing the backseat with me,whilke my parents were in the front. He pretended to fall asleep on me while he fondled me. I think I was around 11. Was that it? Oh, once, no real big deal, my father was drunk when I was 19. I had just had a baby, my son when he I went to his house. I had 3 kids with me. He got up and pushed a button on the VCR and a porno popped up. He left it and walked outside. I quickly got up to change it and nervously sat back down. He had said he was on new meds, so I thought maybe he forgot I'm even here. But, he walked back in and did it again, and walked out. I changed it back once more. I was standing up leaning down to lookat my baby son in his carrier, and my dad walked by, grabbed the front of my shirt and practically put his head down it and says "nice". I grabbed my kids and went to my BFF's house. Who now hates me, she was systematically cut out, also. So, there's all that.I stayed there for 2 years with my dad helping his one legged self. While there, I got rehooked on pain meds and I was stealing shots of his rum all day. I lost it finally, of course. You knew that would happen. I went to a detox, a rehab and a mental facility all in 2 or 3 months. Right before that, I had a total hysterectomy due to some bullshit female stuff. I was a mess. Sometime between facilities, I blacked out from drinking. The last thing I remember was pulling out one of his many guns and pointing it at my head and pulling the trigger. It was the only gun in that area that was unloaded. Figures. I left and went to recooperate at my mothers. She's about the only one that I won't push away, even when I get the urge to. I need her. She loves me for me and when I'm with her, I can almost feel me there.My mother was also not the best. She was very abusive and she was a little slutty. She had 5 marriages and we moved a lot. Once I moved out, with a new baby at 17 years old, I didn't talk to her much. I blamed her for every bad emotion, every drink and every pill I took. It took until I was 38 years old to get close to her again. Why then? Because she was the only one to check up on me or come save me from a very long stay at a state mental facility. My husband had made statements that I was indigent and many other horrible things that were and weren't true. The result was that I go to the state hospital and only a judge would've been able to release me. My mother showed up there, claimed me, went to my house and got my things and took me to her house in Alabama. It's quiet and so cozy there. Perfect place for a convalescent home. My mother let me cry out my pain on her shoulders, her floor and her soul. She held while I screamed at God for giving me such a fucked life. I had lost it all, my kids, my home and myself. Really tho, half of me was gone. Has been. The way my marriage was and the way I raised my kids, a whole other story.My mother and I are best friends now. She doesn't know a lot about me, tho. She does because she knows the silly fun daughter side of me. She doesn't know half the time I was doing drug deals to get mine and other stuff she would have kicked me out for. I was good to her tho, and she was good to me. She's happy now. She's retired and taking care of her home. I hope to go back soon,.My daughter had a baby, my grand daughter. She asked me to come stay with her and help with daycare, its expensive. So, here I am now. The ONLY thing that gives me joy are these kids. But, Ive given up a lot for a daughter that barely tolerates being around me. She corrects me constantly if Isay or do anything she considers stupid or out of line. Like when I told her something about something and used the word "straight", like as in, "You'll be straight once you get your room organized".....said its for young people to use. I see something in her eyes every single time she looks at me. I'm the first one she snaps at when she's upset, which is most of the time. I don't know what the look is. Sometimes I think it's her trying to figure me out. Sometimes I think it's pure loathing. I want to go back to my mothers. I gave up everything. Half my belongings are strewed throughout their house. I have no money out of the 8 grand I had after dad passing because I moved them to a new house as they were evicted from the other one. Everything of my dads that I have is now in her husbands "man cave". I have a little pile of dads stuff. Why would I even want it, you ask? I don't know. I still loved my dad. He was still the person I went to for help, financially and if I just needed to act out because I was feeling crazy brained at the time. That's why.They fight so much here. Every single time, my heart races, my anxiety goes thru the roof and I want to cry. I really don't know why it affects me that way. I don't know. It happens a lot. I'm an idiot, that's why.Growing up I was never ugly and thought thru my teen years that the way to get a boy to like you, was you just had to fuck him. So, I fucked everyone. I wanted friends and to be liked. This attitude got me no friends but I continued the destructive behavior until......well, until my hysterectomy. I miss all those crazy emotions I used to have. I have none, now. Zilch.Right now, I feel like this: I'm 44, single, 5 grown kids, no house and never lived alone, no career, even tho I'm educated, no money at all, no feelings, no friends around this area and the far away ones don't bother anymore. I'm feeling like I have to stay in my "grandma box" in this house, I don't dare step out and be myself (which I think used to be a little silly and fun), or risk my daughter getting mad at me. I clean thier house, I do their laundry and I care for their kids. The only 2 things that keeps me going, those kids. But, they are young,. They won't remember me.After writing this, I'm even more convinced my heart is turning to stone. I have NO emotions, people! I'm either crazy or there is something physically wrong with me. I have no way of going to check out whats going on with any doctor. There are free clinics around here. Doctors in a box. You think I'd go tell them all this? Nope, I'd be right back in some facility. I will not go back there again. In my lifetime, I've been under mental evaluation around 20 times, maybe more.I'm done, ya'll. I have nothing. I have nothing. I have nothing. I lost my friends and my only sister. My sister can't deal with my mental stuff and just brags about how rich she is, she really is. Just spent the holidays in Hawaii for a week. Must fucking be nice. She told me about that upcoming trip right after I told her that I felt crazy again and Ithibk I needed help. Nothing's left. My family will breathe a collective sigh of relief. I'm a burden that has nothing of her own anymore. I've created messes every where I go. Maybe I just hate myself this much. I do, tho. When I look in the mirror, I say "I hate you , you fucking stupid bitch". I've written it my journals. I have scars everywhere from being a god dam cutter. HOW FUCKING STUPID IS THAT? Everyone already knows that this is how I end. I'm sure they saw it coming.  I'm not one to do things that are serious without preparing.  Man, I used to be  able to jump up and create fun for myself and anyone around me. Haha, definitely not anymore. Anyway, I'm not going to do anything unless I'm 100 percent prepared. It's early in the day, it's early in the week and it's early in the month. Christmas, fucking Christmas is coming soon. Now, that'd be fucked up. To leave during the holidays. That kinda would mess people up for every holiday to come. I'm not mean, just disturbed. I won't do that to them. Can't mess up this time. Has to be drama free. When I left Florida and my family (when mom came to get me from the mental facility), I was there in that hospital for hanging myself in my backyard. Climbed a tree with a sheet, tied it up and around my neck, jumped off the chair. Woke up in the hospital. Always so much drama.I know better this time. Solitude is what it will take. Go somewhere away from them. I'll just be found by a stranger. Apologies in advance, stranger.But, like I said, I think I have a little time to work out all the quirks.In case you're wondering, I'm 100 percent clean right now, have been since july when I came to help my daughter out. I've done absolutely nothing since then. This is no drug or alcohol induced rant. I wish, might feel better. I have a New Year's resolution, Ya'll!
I've been off and on suicidal for a long time and it's pretty much at the same severity today, but I have had so many issues with tiredness the past few days to a week or so. I have just felt like the days are blending together, I feel numb and extremely tired whenever I wake up and the only thing that makes it better is snuggling up and going back to sleep for 8+ hours. Whenever I stop sleeping and think about my life situation and prospects currently I can't help myself from curling up and sobbing because of how hopeless I am and how much I want to die so I no longer have to continue. My inability to work or get out of bed has made me get behind on every responsibility I have and has made me even more hopeless and awful feeling. I do not think I could manage to kill myself if I tried, I'm too exhausted to even put up the effort. I am currently at college only because my worried mother made me go. I don't know if I should go to a real doctor immediately or not, I have had crippling depression my whole life but it has never made me unable to stop sleeping and completely take away my ability to be functional. I feel like something physical may be wrong but I do not know what it could be. Who knows.Anyway, I am currently in class feeling like I am overheating like I have a fever or something and extremely exhausted and I needed to tell someone. I just want to sleep and never have to move again, no energy for anything else.
Sorry for any typos. I'm on mobile and not feeling well and in class.This is the worst my mental health has been in my life. Nearly every day I want to die. I don't see a hopeful future for myself. If some little problem happens I immediately want to kill myself.The thing is, I dont have a specific plan. I've thought of ways that I would go about it and what I would do before it but there is nothing set in stone. I am also too scared to go through with it. But I often want to. But I know I won't. I don't know if I will one day.I'm tired of feeling like this. I'm so tired of not being normal.I have social anxiety and OCD. I dont have any diagnosis for mood disorders. I have symptoms for a lot but I'm not going to self diagnose because I hate that. It's ny fault I feel like this anyway. I don't make efforts to make myself feel better and when I was 14 I started being "depressed on purpose" because I thought that was the cool thing to do like a fucking idiot. So I don't even feel like any of this is valid. How do I know it's real or if I just put myself in this situation and I can feel better any time if I just try? I've tried thinking positive but it's pointless to me. But I don't know if that's me just subconsciously trying to be depressed to be cool still. This isnt cool though. Im a psych student so this is gonna sound stupid but I dont even have a reason to be sad. I know that's not how this works but in my case only this is how I feel.Would anyone even take me seriously? I'm so scared. I can't do it anytime soon anyway because I have exams (both suicide and voluntary commitment). Also it's almost Christmas. I don't want to ruin it for everyone.My mom would hate me. Im an adult and dont live anywhere near her but she would hate me. I dont want her to make me live with her again either if I go for "protection". I live with my brother and SIL now and I know they wouldnt force me to but I'm scared.If I go, when do I even go? How do I do it? Im embarrassed to tell my brother how I feel. I was thinking I'd just go when they were at work one day and message them. But I feel like that's an asshole move. None of my friends would care. The ones who would wouldnt be able to visit. I know I would just feel wprse and like my life didnt matter.Im 19. I live in Toronto. Im not going to therapy even though my school offers it and that's my fault but I can't give enough of a shit about myself to make the appointment.If I go I dont want my family to talk to me about it. theyll never treat me the same. its embarrassing i dont want them to know how i feel
i have worked for nearly 30 years and have nothing to show for it. i don't want to wake up.
I have the most boring life ever.I just feel like there's no drive to do anything.I wake up,going to school,going home,lying on bed,and nothing is happening or changing in my life.It's been like this for few years.Completely apathy in my mind and my soul is lost that I know I will never be able to find it.It's so hard for me to have connections to people even with my family.I have no real friends which I get why because even I hate myself.I feel so ugly and fat and dumb and a total failure.Sometimes I wish I would be kidnapped so I don't have to live in this life anymore.I wish I can just die.18 yrs is enough and it's too much.I'm the least important girl in the world.No one would care.I hate myself so much.Can I just going to Syria and just to be bombed off?
Past 5 years I have had pretty bad depression but its been neglected by my parents so nothing was done about well now its catching up. All I ever think about is some way to kill myself. In a car I could just open the door and fall out and just end it right there that would be crazy how would the media react to some kid on the highway jumping out of the car. Oh he had such a nice life his family loved him he had friends how did this happen. Just random stupid shit like that. I'm so done with all of this life is a horrible place. What is the meaning of life honestly make connections with people have experiences live life the way you want to. Fuck all that here I am staying over night doing school work still failing I'm a fucking loser. The only reason I havent killed myself is that I don't want to destroy my girlfriend. I just turned 20 and she made a great birthday for me and im too fucked up to show emotions that I had to explain how happy I was just so she wouldnt think I didnt like it. Fuck this I don't want to live like this. Cant afford a shrink. My job is even more fucked, I get bullied and blamed for shit because I'm goofy. Fuck no one even knows how deeply fucked up I am because I always joke around. Tell me where to go from here because all i see is an empty piece of shit
Good afternoon everyone. Let me start off by saying I've had suicidal thoughts for a long time. I can't remember when it all started, but it's not important now. Over the past year I have learned and been through quite a bit. I'm going to cut to the chase.Recently, the thoughts have gotten constant, and I actually have started to follow through with my plans. I've been incredibly happy and everything feels right, and it's because in a sick way I know it might all end soon. Should I call the Suicide hotline? I'm not sure if my case warrants their time, but I also do not want to be institutionalized. I always felt very alone. Now it is overwhelming. If I do end up leaving, just know that I did what I had to do. What you all do here is very beautiful for people. I respect that. I don't know. I'm just lost.
It's very hard to do school work or stay focused on tasks when I keep thinking that I'll kill myself every few days.  Driving has been  a battle of whether or not I'll purposely crash.  This past Sunday I almost hung myself, today I just stared at a prescription bottle and a glass of water for ten minutes before heading over to the campus library, trying to get ready for a presentation I'll probably fail.  My family knows I've had depressive issues, but I'm scared to let them know it's progressed this far.
 no one knows about that i love her.. i write to her emails for a few months but shes not responding, i try to contact her any way, but wont work. I feel like i want to kill myself right now ugh
Eight months ago I was extremely depressed.  I felt completely hopeless.  Dealing with anxiety and depression for over 30 years had worn me down to the point where I became convinced that the only way that I could escape the mental anguish was through suicide.  I had access to a gun and was prepared to use it to end my life.I do not know what prompted me to visit SuicideWatch for the first time that day.  As I browsed through the posts, I was surprised how compassionate and supportive the community members were.  The kindness that they shared with total strangers provided me with the motivation that I needed to reach out and call the Suicide Prevention Lifeline 800-273-8255.  I wanted to come back and express my gratitude to all of you.  You are a large part of the reason that I am still here and have had the privilege of experiencing the last eight months.  Has it been perfect?  Certainly not, I have had my share of good and bad.  But the most important thing is that I am still here doing my best each day to manage my mental illness and be the best version of myself that I can be.It is my sincere hope that one day I am able to help someone as much as you have helped me.
what is the point of life are we here just to work for 50+ years ,reproduce and retire for a few years and die. whats the point?
before anyone tells me to reach out for help, i've really truly tried. i've been to the hospital twice and the ER three times in recent weeks for this shit. nothing's helped; i think it's really time i do it. i'm being extra careful not to let anyone know i have a plan this time. anyway, enough about me. does anyone have ideas of things to do that are meaningful or at least distracting? i'm supposed to have therapy but i'm not going to that in case my therapist figures me out (she's very smart). so really i have the whole day free. what to do, what to do....
Ok, R., let's remember the rules -- you know, the ones that kept you from bottoming out even worse a couple months ago?So here we go:1. Don't drink. It never works for you anymore, and hasn't for a decade.2. Take your psychiatric medicines as prescribed, on schedule. This is you not being in denial about the fact you have severe o.c.d. and agoraphobia.3. Keep your weekly dinner meet up with your friend. Keep your weekly language lesson. These things help tether you at least a little to the real world.4. Don't email your ex therapist. No matter how much you want to apologize, get support, or somehow make amends. You know it just amounts to stalking, and isn't good for you or her.Ok, champ, we're having a rough night, but we can do this!
This is it. I feel like my days are numbered. One of these days I'm going to snap and blow my brains out. I just don't see the point in living anymore. Ive been living with depression for 2 years now, and in that short time it has done a toll my sanity. Maybe this is the end of the road for me. Maybe this is the universes way of telling me that is time for me end it all. I've wanted to kill myself in the past but I've never made a plan or had the guts to go through with it. Everyday I beg for death, but nothing seems to happen.  I go to sleep and I wake up alive. My parents are always against me even when they claim that they aren't. A few weeks ago my sister told me that I'm a worthless piece of shit and I would be doing our parents a favor by killing myself . She says stuff like that to me all the time but I don't tell my parents because they favor my sisters over me and would either make excuses for her, or they would get mad and my sister would play the victim and get off. My dad asked me why I am rude to them and I told him that and he got somewhat mad at them but later asked me to forgot about it and try to get along with them. My mom didnt get mad at all and lied and said that she has heard me say the same thing to them. Sure, Ive said some mean things to them during fights, but Ive NEVER said anything like that to them. My other sister told me that I'm a pedophile and a pervert and that I like molesting children because I watch anime and sometimes it has little girls in it. Non of them are sexualized little girls.they are either side characters or one off characters. IM NOT A PEDOPHILE OR A PERVERT OR A CHILD MOLESTER. My dad says things like let go  but tell me, if someone  said those kinds of things to you, would you ever forgive them? Wouldnt you rather just ignore them and have nothing to do with them? Could you be nice to them?My mom is a liar. She always lies to my dad that I have rude tones with her and he just eats it up and yells at me. He so blinded by his love for her that he can't seem to grasp that she can lie. Its not like she my step mom, she is my biological mother. she always takes my sisters side. This one time my sister scratched me across the face and my glasses fell on the floor and she tried to crush them.  I pushed her away so she wouldn't crush them, as she was actively trying to do so. My sister then went to my mom and told her that I hit her. I tried to explain what happened but my mom kept asking why I hit her. I didnt hit her!  I just pushed her away. After we were sent to our rooms, I recorded my sister calling me a worthless piece of shit and showed it to my parents but they just shrugged it off. This other time my sister throw a picture frame at me and I got a pretty deep cut. It was one of those frame with sharp edges, Guess what? I got grounded and my sister got off scott free. My mom seems to ignore thing that happen right in front of her when my sisters are doing something, but when I reacted she goes after me.Im just tired of this. I just want it end.I'm starting to think my sister is right. Maybe I am a worthless piece of shit.
Do you know the phrase: "Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem"? When you can't get a job in a dead-end town, that's a temporary problem, right? What about when you cut ties with your father because he'll never be satisfied with who you are? Maybe.Maybe I need to vent. Maybe I need a way out. When I look at the pros and cons all I really have is a supportive grandmother and my girlfriend. They're probably the only reason I haven't committed suicide yet. I guess I am weak. All the other people with problems on this SR, what makes me so special, right? I hate it when I don't want any of these people to give up - random strangers or those close to me - but here I am wanting to give up. I know what its like to feel worthless, broke, alone, so why does life like throwing more shit at us? No one will care. No, that's just what I think. It's how I feel. I'm so tired of struggling. I just can't take it.
Not sure this is the right forum for this, bit a reddit open and honest question. I took accutane several times in my life. And, I have often had suicidal thoughts. I obviously and not directly correlate one to the other, but given until recently my life has been pretty awesome they linger, but no action. Yet, still the occasional thought of how would I kill myself. Recently, my life has been turned upside down. Divorce , Job sucks, blah blah. The thoughts have returned in full force every night. I know I won't do it, and I know when I get through this phase, life will be great again. I also actually lied to my therapist the other day when she asked if I had suicidal thoughts because to me, it was no, actually no more than normal. Money is not an issue in my life. So, here is my question I have wondered for the last 20 years, are these really normal thoughts? Do others think about this knowing they would not do it? Plus, I know I will be fine after this phase, just right now sucks. Thanks! 
I am sorry in advance for my bad english. It is not my first language.I read many topics here before starting mine and I don't mean to offend anyone but most problems really seem weird to me. Definitely not worth killing yourself over them. I have never thought about suicide since middle school and I am 24 yo now, and my life is and has always been a total mess. I moved to USA 4 months ago and I thought "Ok, now it's my chance to wipe the state clean"  and I guess I was wrong. I have spent last 4 years of my life back in my country playing PC games. When I say "spent" I mean that I spent 12+ hours every single day. I even only chose to worke 1 24 hour day then 3 days off schedule, that way I could play games more than usual 5/2 8 hour working schedule. Or I didnt work at all, I think I worked less than a year(in sum) of those 4 years. My usual day was : get up, eat something while watching some tv show, play games, eat somethng while watching tv show, play games, browse 4chan/reddit, go to sleep. Oh, I also went to gym semi-regularly.  I didn't have any friends, I rarely talked to parents so that really what my days consisted of, all of them. I used to go to university before, but then I applied for moving to USA and there was no sense in finishing my degree and I thought, "well I ll just wait 2 years". That process took longer than I expected and 2 years became 4. When I moved here I stopped playing games and I really tried to start over. I started reading a lot, I used to read so much back in school and probably that made me thinking. I really am fucked up. I should be on some heavy medication, pills or something like that. Ever since I remember myself I was always not like others, I was worse and then those 4 years turned me into complete garbage. I remembered so many things about my childhood and school that I thought I forgot long time ago. I have never had any friends. Never. I had some guys I occassionally talked to, you know, shake hands, say Hi etc. When we had parties, everyone was invited but me. When people hung out after school, I have never been there. When most of guys came in, they shake hands as greetings, most of them didnt give their hand to me. In my country girls kiss guys in cheek as a greeting. It never happened to me. I remember moments when there were like all guys sitting waiting for class and we were like in queue, girls come and kiss everyone in cheek, everyone but me. They just stopped and turned back on me. During class I always sat alone.  When we had class trips, I could never find a partner for myself to share room with. And funny thing is that I changed 4 schools before college and in at least 3 of them(I just don't remember 1st) it was like that. Why? I really don't understand it. What have I done wrong? I have never been bullied or anything like that, just total ignore from everyone in all schools. I must have done something to bring it on myself. I remember in middle school I wasn't introverted type for sure, I tried to play with others and stuff like that but I still was never invited to anyone's home, never been to anyone's birthday party. I remember 1 party we had when I was in a camp. There was a game when you spin a bottle and the one spinning the bottle kisses the one who the bottle shows when it ends it's spin. Everyone got kissed, but me of course. The girl just said like "noway", everyone laughed and I wished I could become invisible that moment haha. And I wasn't ugly or some creep, I asked my mom for my school photos, I looked average.  I think I went into too much details. Anyways, my point was, that ever since I remember myself I have always been an outsider, outcast ignored by others.When I got expelled from my second school, I started talking about sucide, what's the point of life blabla and my parents made me visit literally dozens of shrinks for years until university. I can't say that any of them were of any use but one of them did something very important. She made me forget about suicide by creating what I called "walls". She made me practically never to think about bad things in my life by creating imaginary walls. It is very hard to explain how does it work. Basically, whenever I had bad thoughts I could just make them go away by simply making a wall in my mind, putting it behind it and then forget about it. It's kinda hard to believe, but I learned to do it automatically and whenever I had bad thoughts I just did it and got rid of it. I think it is one of the main problems of my life, if not the main. It for sure is the main reason I turned into what I am now. Whenever during those 4 years I thought "what are you doing" "is that what your life supposed to be" etc, I always could say "fuck it" and keep playing games. Simple.It's becoming too long, so I ll just write what else cool perks do I have.I got OCD. It used to be so much worse back in my country, I literally could wash my hands every 10 minutes I am at PC because I always thought that my hands were sweaty and I would play worse because of it and I need to wash hands to get better luck etc. I have obession with numbers. 2 and 6 are bad numbers. 26 and 62 are the numbers I should always avoid. 3 and 7 are good ones. Hard to explain, but I will just give few examples: I can never stop reading book on page that has "2" or "6" in the end of it, I can never stop youtube video on same "2" and "6" if it's in minute or video. Whenever I watch tv show or anime episode, I can never stop on 2nd or 6th. I can never eat 2 something, it must be either 1 or 3. When I talk to someone over the phone, the phone call ends and I see that we talked 6 minutes, I call back and make any excuse to talk 1 more minute, because 6 is bad omen. It became less painful here, it's easier to control. If I have something important in my life going on, especially not depending on me, then I turn into complete wreck and ocd becomes huge part of my life. I have things that I tell myself I have to do or that important thing will go bad. If I don't step that special way or if I don't pet my cat for 10 minutes straight or If I don't do this or that, so many thougts. The weeks I have been waiting for USA embassy's decision were a total nightmare. Or days here when I waited for college tests' results. I said I go to gym. Originally I wanted to go to gym to have a cool body, to change myself etc. I managed to turn that idea into total garbage. There are "diet" and "bulking" for most people that go to gym. I managed to pervert the idea of it and now I think I have some kind of eating disorder. Last 2 years my diet consisted of dropping weight for 2-3 months on 1300-1500-1800 calorie diet depending on phase which is normal then my bulking consisted of eating 5-6k calories of snickers, twix, M&Ms, pizzas, hamburgers, chips for 3-4 months. I ONLY eat junk-food and drink protein powders as a source of protein. Every time after diet I tell myself that it's the last time I eat shit and after next diet I will stop it and after next diet I make 1000 excuses and say "next time". I don't even have any pleasure eating junk food, it gets boring and it tastes same way chicken tastes on diet, but I keep eating it. It is unhealthy and I already got health problems of it, looking forward for my 30s to have no teeth, sugar diabeties and stuff like that.I can't have girlfriends. I had one that was really "ideal" for me and I can't believe how lucky I was to have her but I fucked up that so horribly that I don't even want to write about that. I can just say that it didn't work out with her and I for sure know it won't work out with others. Please just trust me here on my word.My memory. I used to be very clever or at least I like to think so. I read so much, I knew so much about history, religion, politics and psychology, I generally had vast outlook, I knew about a lot of things and was interested of them. I used to know 2 other languages, I have studied them for 7 and 9 years and I can't say 2 words in them now. I don't remember anything of what I read, I can barely even remember movies I watched. I was so obsessed with history, I knew more than my history teachers, much more and now I can't even remember 90% of king's names, important events and all that stuff I read. I know that our memory erases stuff we don't use but there must be limit. I really forgot everything. I am stupid now. Whenever people around me talk about anything, I am often surprised how much do they know and it's really horrific when I understand that there are topics that I knew so much about, that i was a real expert in and now I dont know a single thing. I kinda blame games for that.I don't think I should mention that I can't normally talk to most of the people, especially now with language barrier. I don't even need to go into details. Social anxiety, social phobia, blabla, that stuff.I think that my second most important problem besides "walls" was my obsession with my comfort-zone and I tried my best to get rid of it here. Whenever I had an opportunity to leave house or my relatives asked me to go somewhere with them I would always say "yes" and I would generally try to spend as little time near PC as possible and do things that I don't want to do because I found them uncomfortable. Like asking people at the shop when I  need to. Asking other students at college when I need to or even tryng to talk to them, forcing myself to ask them some questions or begin a dialogue or smile and say HI to random strangers on a street etc. Basically whenever I thought I needed or wanted to do something but felt that I d be uncomfortable, I d tell myself that uncomfortable is good and forced myself to do it anyway. Cool idea, too bad it never worked out. I could force myself to do so, but 4 months passed and it only lead to more problems and bad thoughts. Too late for that, I should have done it in school.These are the problems that first come to mind and wall of text is already too big so I ll just conclude it. I think that here, when I stopped playing games, I had time to think and understand that all that stuff just can't be changed that easy. It goes to deep into childhood, I have never been and will never be normal member of society. All those wet dreams about my life becoming normal once I move were just dreams. It is really funny, I don't want to go into details but I can say that the chance of me actually getting into usa was SO LOW that during those 4 years I even stopped believing in it, I just used it as the way to proscrastinate, the official success rate was lower than 15% and the cases of those who succeeded were much better than mine. Better by far. Here I am now, dream came true, now what? Now yesterday me and my relatives went to fair of new year trees and everyone was happy and stuff and I was googling on my phone best places to off yourself. I think the best way would be to jump of a tall building. I read that San-Francisco bridge is one of the places where most people in USA kill themselves. Would be cool, but there are always policemen riding around and trying to talk you out of it. Couldn't find any places like that in my city. My mother will feel bad if I kill myself. She really thinks that I changed here, went to college, stopped playing games and that I will become a normal person. I can't imagine what will she feel once she finds out I killed myself. She would go insane or have heart attack or something like that, she always said that she lives only for her children. But that really looks like the only reason to not do it. I am not sure that I should just live because of it.  I am a selfish person, a bad person and I have put her through so much shit that pretending like after all that I still care is just hypocricy.  When I say that I am a bad person, that's not badmouthing myself, that's just fact. My only friend stopped talking to me after I told him some facts about me and called me "human garbage" and ended our friendship. I have known him for 5 years and I have considered him really close. A person is judged by it's actions and and if there is any hell in afterlife, that's where im going. Too bad from what I read our brain just dies and it will be eternal sleep with no dreams. I really wanted to believe in reincarnation, maybe I would have better life in my second try.I think what I wrote was just splitting my mind out, I heard it helps, and I have to go sleep, its 1.42 here, I can't wait until it's 2 or I'd have to wait another hour until 3 haha. Please, I beg you, do not write here stuff like "please don't kill yourself" "you are a good person" "things will go better" etc. They won't. All my life, especially those last 4 years I have been hoping that it will be better, for some reason, something will somehow change my life and it will all be good. You read these stories, you watch movies, animes, play games and you often see how people's life change. Something occurs in their life and it all becomes good. I often cried when i watched some comedies because I knew It would never happen to me. I could see that I am missing so much in my life, all the joy, all the girls, friends, parties, adventures, all these new cool experiences, I have never had it and will never have. That's fucking sad and really made me cry. I was eating tears half of the time I wrote this wall of text too. 24yo big guy crying in his aunt's basement. Nice new life.
I don't know how to express myself very well, so this will just be one big incoherent parqgraph. I dont expect anybody to read it, it just makes me feel better :)My relationship with my current friends and family are starting to crumble.  I've noticed it recently, but was in denial. But something happened today that made me realise just how socially awkward I am, haha. I can make friends ok, but I can never seem to keep them. Maybe im just over thinking or maybe I'm being a little oversensitive. I honestly don't feel anything for my girlfriend anymore. I don't know if it's because I'm depressed or not but I've always been kind of distant from my emotions. That really makes me sound like an edgelord buts it's the way i feel right now. I feel like nobody at work likes me, nobody ever laughs at my jokes and everybody ignores me. I work at an animal shelter, and I LOVE my job. I'm really good with the naughty dogs, but I'm not so good with naughty humans. I'm not a very good customer service rep... I feel like that's my downfall at work. My coworkers are probably tired of me not being alot of help with people, but cant fire me because I'm  ( I have a huge ego btw) the only non manager staff member who can properly handle animals. I'm always worried that people are saying things about me behind my back. And this week made me realise that alot of backstabbing is going around, some of it pointed towards me. It just kind of added onto an already not so fun week. Holy cow I'm sorry you read this far and thank you, people like you make a difference. Anyway I'm kind of dreading going to work now. Now I have to go to work with people who don't like me and an angry mom ( my girlfriends mom is also my coworker ). I'm gonna stop here for now, and add on when I collect my thoughts. I hope you didn't read the whole thing, but thanks if you did :)
I've been thinking about suicide for about 10 years now. About 5 years ago it got serious when I unsuccesfully tried to kill myself twice. Ever since I've thought about it daily, when I go to bed it's my last thought and the first when I wake up. Sometimes I even dream about it. I don't know how I'm still making it from day to day. And what for? If I look back at ten years ago, I might've killed myself right then, I wouldn't have missed out on much. Living is such a nuisance, people are so fucking complicated, I'm just frustrated with everything and everyone and I don't see a point in going on. I could go on like this for another couple decades, but what for? My life's not "boohoo, I'm so sad and everything is so unfair" (no offense if your life is), it's fucking boring and annoying. I wish I could be sad instead of just bored out of my mind and pissed at everyone and everything. Money doesn't bring me joy, games don't bring me joy, fucking doesn't bring me joy, socializing brings me absolutely no joy, drugs do bring me some joy, but only for brief moments.. I don't want anything from life but for it to end. I have no dreams or aspirations, no ambition. I've slowly cut off all my friends and family because I just couldn't bear the insignificant everyday bullshit and gossip, it's become such a fucking nuisance to hang out with anyone, I feel more like killing myself after a night out than I do after a month of isolating myself. I wish I could enjoy company, I wish I could like someone, maybe even love someone, but in reality I just don't care if anybody lives or dies. I don't feel anything except boredom and annoyance. I've tried cutting myself years ago, to feel something, but I just ruined my fucking clothes in the process. I've been scared of so many things in the past, but now I don't give a shit about anything anymore. I provoke fights in hope of being beaten bloody and maybe feeling anything else but just physical pain. Why can I still not bring myself to fucking end it? True, I'd like to see how GoT ends before I die, but I don't even care about that too much anymore. The memory of it will probably be erased along with everything else when I die, so why prolong the suffering when it's inevitable anyway? How the fuck did I become this creature..I'm just venting, I don't even expect replies.
So fucking tired of being alone I cant carry on.
If i wanted sympathy, id look it up in the dictionary between Shit & Syphilis. Its tough when you havent been able to open up to people because you developed trust issues since you were 6 yrs of age. Felt like i was raised by TVs, but they didnt do a good job it seems like. Its getting tougher every year.Loneliness. Its a bitch. But what do i expect from a schizophrenic father, and a mommy drug attic? It made me very strong in some points, but it also made me extremely weak in some very empty places.I really dont know why im venting to this world that i look at sometimes and i really wished i never let my feet touch the ground. The sad part thats kept me going for ao long and just mentally dealing with these thoughts is that i know that i REALLY DONT HAVE IT THAT BAD AT ALL. Considering my life sucked and i wouldnt wish it on my worst enemy. EVER. Even the guy who tried to kill me so he can rob me. But my life is a Disney World to some kid somewhere who has never had a free thought.Never had a choiceOr never had a Mom or a DadLet alone a childhood.And thats the thought that keeps me going on and taking the steel out my mouth.Some how untying a knot just in time before i went out.Or stop putting scars on me that continues to bring shame to myself.But then that thought crosses.How selfish is it to watch me suffer year after year after yearIts been to long
I have a friend at college. I think he's been in despair about his life (failing classes, not getting jobs, etc.) for a long time, and has been borderline suicidal a few times. I've talked to him and been supportive as best I could in the past, but it's been going on for so long that it's draining my own emotions and I feel like I'm burning out. Plus I have my own college life to attend to and am really busy, especially right now.But I'm also worried because I don't think his support network is very strong. I'm one of his closest friends. He has other friends, but has also alienated quite a few people with unpopular opinions. He really dislikes his family.I feel like he should get help from a trained psychologist or something, but he distrusts psychologists, especially the mental health resources at our college. I think he's heard and known too many bad interactions with them, probably the biggest of which was how they forcefully hospitalized and expelled one of his friends a few years back.I don't know what to do.
I grew up in a really bigoted place that taught me to hate myself. Ever since failing out of college due to the depression I've been stuck here at home and it's agony. I want to move to a place like Chicago or California, but I have no money to leave. My parents won't help and I have no reason to fight or work or try anymore. If I can't be gone by the end of the year I think I'm going to do it. I can't take this any longer. Life isn't worth this suffering.
It's very peaceful and beautiful in an odd kind of way. I'm suicidal, and don't know if I'll be alive or not tomorrow, but this is very nice.
One big rationale I see is that people live because "they don't know what happens next", as in they have no knowledge of the afterlife, which no one truly does. However, that would mean we aren't choosing life due to happiness, it is due to oblivion. Doesn't this mean no one is happy, just dealing with it since it seems 'the better route'? Some could argue that life isn't about happiness, but then why live it. There is a possibility of death being the simplest form of the word. Should you live to appease the needs of others? Sorry if you see this as selfish, but living only to satisfy others while you feel unhappy seems rigged, that can be debated though. So I ask again. If we only live in fear of the alternative, no one is truly happy, are they? 
I am going to say sorry, for the use of horrible english in this thread.Alright this might sound a bit stupidborn ? I just don't get it, and someone might be able to explain it to me, or share their own opinion, or just experience of the situation. Alright so had these 3 friends once, each at different times. The first one, was the first person i ever opened up to. Due to a harsh childhood, with a father with anger problems, which ended up him beating me almost everyday, and a mother who couldn't say no to him, and always being the unwanted child. One day she just abandoned me, without a trace of what i did wrong. Which really destroyed me. From that time i closed myself in from the normal sociaty, because i didn't wanted to get hurt again. After 6 years of me being alone, i finally found someone who i throught, i could open up to. I did and he got down with depression, and quited everything. He left the school, and deleted contacts to everyone. Including me. So again i was hurted, and so on bla bla... Don't want this to be too long. Here this year i found this girl named Julie, which filled all the emptiness inside me but i fucked a little bit up. I was a little to clingy, and confessed my love (yeah i love her and i still do) Too her at a very bad time, and now 1 month and 21 days later (still counting) i still miss her everyday. If she could be here again just as a friend i would be forever gratefull. She doesn't care about me, she has replaced me. So my question to everybody, if you made it through my whining. Is have you experienced anything similar? Because as i mentally stand, i can't open up to people anymore. Before you rant about "Just because a few things, isn't going your way." then think about this for a few second. They where the only persons, i trusted without a shadow of a doubt, and they all betrayed me. It may not seem like a big deal for you, but for me it certainly is.I also have this childhood friend called, Astrid (Which i fucking adore i love that girl) but i don't know if i can trust her, enough to tell her all this. I'm scared she is going to leave me too.She has her own problems, and her own life. I dont want to ruin it with my life problems, just because i can't be happy doesnt mean i should drag others down with me.
Firstly, I think it is incredibly admirable to choose to spend your time helping others in crisis. But I want to know, what makes life worth living for you? There's a lot of bad in this world, a lot of very low moments, so what makes all of that worth it?My context is I've been dealing with suicidal depression and anxiety off and on (mostly on) for seven years now, with therapy and drugs and all that jazz. And though I have undoubtedly had happy - even very happy experiences few and far between, the lows of my health (both physical and mental) make nearly any pleasurable experience seem not worth the rest of the bad stuff. So, I'd like to hear others' perspectives, especially those who've found meaning in life even after having dealt with depression or extreme loneliness and isolation (which is another aspect of my current experiences). Thank you in advance for your time. I'm hoping hearing others' thoughts will help pull me out of the really awful suicidal place I'm in right now. TL;DR - What makes life worth it to you?
Hi all, I've made a few posts here these past few days as I've been going through a hard time. Feeling disconnected, not like myself, not getting my work done, feeling lazy, like no one cares, and like I don't matter. I have been having thoughts this week, and it has been scary. A year ago I attempted suicide. Nothing happened, as I did a poor job guessing at how many pills to swallow. Nonetheless I survived when I really thought I wouldn't. After that, I never wanted to think about it again. I was determined to move on. It was harder than I thought. I still struggled with anxiety and depression, and I kept it all to myself. Only 3 people know of my attempt, and that's a lot more people than I wanted to to know. I even went to a therapist, but said nothing of suicide or thoughts of self harm out of fear, so not sure why I even went in the first place. The dark cloud has come back swinging this week, and most of all I feel bad because I did it to myself. Things are going so great in my life- Things have literally never been this great, ever. I shouldn't have any complaints. Yet I want to die. I don't know why I've come into this again- but I am glad I have found this community on Reddit so I don't feel so alone. Here's to hoping I make it this week, and to hoping people who are feeling similar find a different path to take as well. ~Hugs~
Repost from relationships, excuse the formatting.I [25M] have a friend [26M] who I've known since 2006, all the way back in high school, and I just realized I've been homies with him for over 10 years now. Anyway, he's always been a huge joker, always pushing the envelope of what is acceptable to joke about. Some of the stuff that comes out of his mouth is downright offensive (think along the lines of 4chan humor), but we've always known that it was never serious.We went our separate ways after high school, but always kept in touch via Facebook and other social media, as well as playing video games together. He went to University of Michigan for college, while I stayed in California. I didn't think much of it at the time, but about a year ago, he began making self-harm jokes and little quips about him going insane from loneliness. I wrote it off at the time because he's always joked about everything.But when we hung out during thanksgiving and drank, a few suicide jokes came out. Again, none of us thought anything of it at the time, but now that I look back on it, I'm concerned. It's not like he says this stuff frequently. We'll be having a conversation or laughing about something, and one of these jokes will come out, usually related to the topic at hand. I want to stress that these jokes and quips are NOT frequent at all, but the fact that they're being said concerns me, especially since this sort of thing wasn't talked about before. One thing I did notice was that he wasn't a big drinker even after he turned 21, but the guy was able to put away a significant amount of alcohol this time around. That was a red flag to me. No self-harm scars though, at least none I can see.I want to ask him about this, but I don't know how to do it. He has a rocky but intact relationship with his mom, but his dad was never in the picture. Additionally, he's back in Michigan for his job, so it's not like I can check in on him.**TL;DR: One of my best friends is making self-harm and suicide jokes. I think he is joking but I feel like I should be concerned. How do I talk to him about it?**
Since I signed up with Reddit and posted for the first time, I'm still alive ... I deleted the post but I'm proud of my little victory. Today is also the first day I reached out to someone, I hope this success continues in the same pattern 
I want to kill myself but I have someone who relies on me; In the past I've essentially chosen to harbor an addiction in replacement of suicide. I have to keep moving, and while I care enough to know that's what I have to do-- I can't turn that into motivation for some reason. If I get through the next two weeks or so I can wallow in self-pity and maybe drugs, but at the moment my paraphernalia is all broken and I'm tapped. What do you crazy sober people do to keep it together?
It's too much to type to explain the details of what I am going through, but to put it shortly: I am having frequent thoughts of suicide and I am impulsive right now and I already have hit my head against the wall a couple times as self harm, and I know where I can find my granddad's gun and I am very very scared that I might use it. It might not be tonight. It might not be tomorrow. But with how I am feeling right now I am very worried that I might actually do this and I DO NOT WANT TO. But with these high emotions I am experiencing and these impulses, I'm afraid I won't actually be able to stop myself.&nbsp;I'm thinking I might need to check myself in somewhere. But I don't even know. The ER? What will they do? How long would I be there? Wouldn't that just make me feel worse and more ashamed where I would actually do the deed when I get back?&nbsp;But worst of all, I work at a drug store. I'm full time, but I've only been there less than 4 months. I don't even know if I could get time off, even without pay. Like I don't think I would have a job to come back to because we are so short staffed and I'm one of two shift supervisors. And this week my manager is on vacation so my workload is extra, and the NEXT week the other shift supervisor is on vacation, so more of the same. I might lose my job, right? And the whole point of going into a hospital is to preserve my life, right? So if I lose my job (trust me it will be near impossible to find another job in the area I live/ I had a hard enough time getting THIS one) what would be the point in living after that? That would make my life even more of a hell. So like...what do I do. What do I do? I'm scared I'm going to impulsively kill myself but I would DEFINITELY have to do it if I lost this job.&nbsp;Please, any advice or guidance, anything would help. I'm very worried about myself. I don't want to hurt my mom and twin like this. I don't know what to do.
Hey strangers. It's 4:39am and I guess I had nowhere else to turn. I've been on a downward spiral lately. I've never had that many friends, but I really don't have any anymore. They're who I turned too when I get sad like this, but I'm kinda alone now. It breaks my own heart to type that. Feeling urges to hurt myself, trying to resist. This might seem odd, but if there are any gay men with experience in dealing with depression, you might have useful advice for me. Otherwise any simple kindnesses are appreciated
This weekend I kissed a girl and cheated on my girlfriend of three years. I've never loved my girlfriend more than I do now and have never been happier. I was blackout drunk and only really remember the immense guilt and remourse and knowing I did it. I told my girlfriend straight away the next morning and she's angry but loves me too much and wants to stay together. I can't forgive myself though. I can't look at myself in the mirror. I can't stand what I did. I don't understand it and it makes me sick. People keep telling me not to pity myself but I don't pity myself I detest myself. I detest what I did to the girl I truly truly love. I had written a post but deleted it and now feel worse but different. I can't think of anything but wanting to die. I haven't gone into work and won't tomorrow because all I want to do is die. I'm trying to just keep myself away from everything. I detest who I am. I am half the person I was and I have never felt more dead inside. The only thing that stops me killing myself is he knowledge my girlfriend still loves me but its killing me even more. Who should love me. I have nlbkdy reddit. No family , no friends I can talk to about this. I can't live with myself. I wasn't brought up like this I am not this. How do I escape this spiral bevsusd I'm going to die. 
Like the title says. I'm not at risk of killing myself right now. I just... fantasize about it. Obviously, in the fantasy, I can see people's reaction and that's part of the fantasy. If I thought I'd actually GET to see that, I might actually be a little closer to suicidal.Anyway, in the past, I had these suicide fantasies a few months before becoming actually suicidal. I... want to prevent that. I want to stop myself from falling in a deeper hole than I'm in. Any... help? I guess? 
I'm struggling to do anything anymore. The only thing I do do anymore is go to class. School is the only thing pushing me right now. It hurts so bad to feel this low. How do people live like this? I ask myself this question constantly. Then, I continue to wish I were as strong as these people. I've hit so many dead ends trying to get help. I don't know what to do now. School isn't enough to push me anymore. I've never felt so low in my life and it's killing me. I'm so scared. I'm always alone because I live alone. I'm afraid that if I keep feeling this way I'm going to do something irrational or that I would normally not do. I feel like I'm at the end of it all. I can't do this anymore! 
I'm a 18 year old virgin and I'll probably drop out of high school soon. I can't function anymore. Nobody can help me  on reddit. The hotlines can't help me. I'm done.
How could he do this to me. He bought a ring. After all I did for him the last ten years, stood by after all the inappropriate flirting, his depression that went untreated, taking care of him with his medical condition and this is what he does. He bought an engagement ring in front of my face. I have the ring and a bottle of medication. It hurts so bad. He wouldn't even talk or try to work on things. He just snapped and broke up with me due to his supposed midlife crisis. And now I'm forced to move across the country because I have nowhere else to go but back to my hometown. I have to finish packing because I leave in 2 days and I can't stop crying. I'm literally paralyzed by my tears. I can't move from my kitchen floor. Why why why would he do this.I lost my job last year, ate through my savings because he wouldn't help. Finally find a job and start making friends and putting myself back together and he does this. I can't do this. It hurts too bad. Fuck. 
I was raised thinking this is the best time in history to be alive but I feel so much despair. I live some place where the people are as a rule very anti-gay, which is the case in every major US city, and I am on the verge of losing health insurance because I'm poor and Trump and conservatives are in power. I have HIV and wish and dream of having access to assisted suicide. I feel so alone and life is horrible.
i mean nothing to anyone. i had friends before but my anxiety drove them away. i just started highschool but i can't keep going. it feels like i'm going to be uncomfortable, to cry, to be alone. it seems like everyone stopped caring about me, pnvf they realized how worthless i am for themselves. my dad won't pick up my calls. my mom saw me crying and yelled at me for crying w/o a reason and verified that i am, indeed worthless. my siblings have never cared. my school psychiatrist who used to meet with me suddenly stopped and i don't know why. and as i said, i don't have any friends. no matter what i do i'm not pretty enough, cool enough or good enough for anyone. no one wants me around. i want to kill myself to end all of this but i don't know how. i feel trapped
The majority of posts on here seem like a cry for help, if Im being honest with myself Im just here to vent.I dont plan on committing suicide tonight, but one day I will.  Ive been depressed for 8 years which is a third of my life and all of my adult life.Ill never understand why some people are challenged in life more than others, why some people can live long happy lives while others suffer every waking moment.Ill willingly admit there are people out there who have it far worse than I do, but I am at a constant struggle to find a good reason to continue on.  Saying I can't be depressed because someone out there has it worse than me is like saying I can't be happy because someone out there has it better than me.Never in a million years would I have expected my life to turn out this way, to feel so terrible for such a long time.I just want to say to everyone out there struggling with depression, Im sorry.  I know your pain and I wish everyone could be happy.I cant wait for this to be over..(I wrote this about a year ago on another suicide forum. These words resonate louder and louder everyday, despite the many changes I've made with my life I am more miserable then ever.  I think i'm at a point now psychologically where even if I miraculously became happy, I would not be able to enjoy it, I just don't feel at all anymore. Tai Lopez once described people who are depressed as people having "scared up brains" I think that represents me pretty well.  I'm not ashamed I don't want to live anymore and haven't for a while, I'm not ashamed that I am too weak to keep fighting.  I've lost.)  
This is a sentiment I've run into multiple times throughout my experiences with depression, especially recently. Whenever I'm feeling depressed, I don't want to get better, I want to feel as much pain and anguish as I can - be it physical or mental. I want to feel despair so deep I have nothing to live for anymore.I can't really explain it, but even though people want me to get better, all I want to do is wallow in my pain. I don't want to get better. I want to suffer. Nobody around me gets it when I try to explain it to them. Imagine you're in physical pain, you have a knife in your leg or something. When a doctor comes to help you take it out you refuse help and just lay there on the floor, absorbing every second of pain you can. That's what it's like.
There is so much that has led this on, I don't know where to begin or how to explain. In the sixth grade, I tried to kill myself because I was being abused online and I had (and still have) emotional abuse at home. I self-harmed (I don't do it anymore but I do get urges), I completely fucked myself up by being self-destructive and never caring about myself, and it's just gotten worse and worse and worse. Plus my entire family makes me try to care for my grandparents but I can't even take care of myself so what the fuck am I supposed to do? I'm so behind in my classes I think I'm going to throw up. I used to be a straight-A student. Now I can't even do the things I like to do anymore(playing instruments, writing, drawing, singing, reading). The day before Halloween I (think I) was sexually assaulted by someone I thought had changed. God, I feel disgusting. I feel awful in my own skin. It was so..revolting, sickening, something worse than that. I don't know, I don't know. It makes me sick, it hurts. It hurts to see them every day. They pretend like nothing happened. Maybe nothing did. I don't know, but it doesn't feel right. I had to spend Halloween alone, crying by myself, on the verge of killing myself. All I had wanted was to trick or treat with my friends. My entire household is abusive and I've told my school counselors about it, but I have no clue when OCS is going to talk to me. I don't know what will happen to me. The rest of my family is too awful to stay with as well, and if my grandfather (the abusive one) gets taken away they are all going to hate me because I am literally taken their dad away. I don't want to live in a shelter. I don't want to be in foster care. I'm scared out of my mind. This house is driving me nuts. The yelling never stops, I can't really go anywhere. I constantly lie to my poor grandmother about where I'm at. God, I just hate being here. I jsut hate being.My counselor said they put us in family counseling, but my grandfather can't be fixed. He can barely cooperate with his doctors. He's had so many strokes he can barely understand anything. He's stupid. Mean. Cruel.I don't like my other family because we share completely different views, and they are VERY religious. If I told them who I really was (bi, trans, political views, mental illnesses such as depression, BPD etc, etc) they would hate me. And it's not like I'm noticed that much from them anyway, but what's worse, being hated, or not being recognized at all? I don't know I don't know I don't know. No one listens, no one notices me. I don't want to be hated either. I feel bad. I told my counselors about my dad (who was abusive as well) and I don't want my step sister to be hurt. I just want her to be safe. I hope she doesn't hate me. God, I don't want her to hate me.My life is so sad I had to text my English teacher over this Thanksgiving break and ask him what I could do to get away. That's how sad it is. I felt so bad bothering him but God Bless him he is the kindest man I've met. Granted, he's one of the only people that's really been kind to me since I started high school, but still.Please don't tell me it gets better. Every time someone has said that it has just gotten worse. Grandmother broke her hip in kindergarten. Bullying throughout elementary school. Losing the selectively mute friend I had. Bullying. Gain and lose, gain and lose, gain and lose. It only got worse. Nothing I love and need stays. Nothing stays.I only have two friends in this entire highschool. One I think I may be in love with and the other is so sweet and kind to me. I'd hate to leave them before we get to celebrate my 15th birthday in December, but I don't know what to do. I hate all this waiting, it's driving me nuts. I don't know what to do anymore. I just want to kill myself, I really do. I feel like I have no other escape even if I have gotten help, it's just made things worse. I don't know what to do. I think I'm going to try to kill myself again before my upcoming birthday. I feel as though it's my only escape. I feel like people will finally notice me.TL;DR: I just really want to kill myself before my birthday comes up and I'm scared
I was planning this to be my last night. I have everything planned out, a long note written explaining everything, and none of my family will be around to find me, the police will have to do it. My dad is more worried than I've ever seen him before. He's always been so stoic. Now he's trying so hard with me, I can't imagine what it'd do to him when it finally happens. He's never opened up like this. But my suicide is absolutely inevitable. There's so much I want to do, so much love I want to give, but this really is the end of the line. I'm a fucking disgrace and I can't live with myself anymore. I'm so afraid for their futures. But this is set in stone and there's no way out. My heart is fucking breaking.
I hate myself and want to die but I can't kill myself because I don't want to hurt anyone. So I think of ways that I could die so tha it wouldn't look like suicide. I realise I have a self destructive personality. I either intentionally or unintentionally sabotage myself so that I can't succeed. And it's really impacting my life hard. In high school I could deal with it and still pass but now in college it doesn't work too well. I've gotten to the point of considering dropping out just because I can't deal with it.But I've always wanted to die, I have problems dealing with stress and it doesn't help that I put more pressure on my self making myself even more stressed. This usually passes after a couple of days but it's kinda getting worse everytime it comes up and I have no real way to deal with it. I've had suicidal thoughts since I was 10 so I've dealt with this for 9 years now. And it's never gone away, at some point when I was 16 I realized it would never go away so I just dealt with it and pretty much just repressed it or ignored it. And it works for a bit but i know it's not good. Depression seems t run in my family and my mother has it and me and my sister show signs of it. But I've never had the courage to kill myself. More so I never had the courage to hurt those around me that love me. Like I realize it's terrible to do it and that I shouldn't but I can't help but want to do it which makes me hate myself even more because I can't get over it even tho I know it's wrong. Tldr; I hate myself I want to die, but can't because I don't want to hurt the ones I love.
I've had my IQ tested; it's 146. I always do awesome in school and on tests. So why do I feel so stupid?EDIT: I took out the cuss words.
I don't think I can do this anymore.. this or any of it..I just spent 2 days in jail on a possessions charge. I can't say it's anyone's fault but mine, but it still really sucks.. My family is tired of me and wants nothing to do with me.. They told me to just stay on campus Christmas break, there is no point to coming home... It feels like I'm dying inside.. I don't feel anything, but a huge weight sitting on my chest... I'm tired of ruining everything I touch.. I'm tired on being such a burden on my family... I always have been.. I wish I died in the hospital... at least then I would have a shred of dignity.. at least then maybe someone would have cared when I will be gone..I can't take it anymore... I'm just going to finish it before any extra money is wasted on me.. spend all my little money left on drugs.. to just hopefully disappear and feel something...
So I'm relatively high-functioning as a depressed person (currently attending college, getting okay grades), but that's more or less because I don't want people around me to be tipped off to something being wrong. I've been depressed for 6 years, wanting to die for about 2 years, and this past year I decided that I would go through with it sometime in January 2017. I've already done pretty well at isolating myself from friends (I hardly talk to anyone at all anymore), and I'm just hoping I go through with it. I don't want to change my behavior for the "better" if that makes me change my mind, does that make sense? As long as I continue self-sabatoging, then I'm on the clear path to where I'm hoping to go.My ex (of 5 years) messaged me last night about the upcoming Spirited Away screenings in U.S. theaters Sunday December 4th [check theaters near you, hopefully you got something useful from all of this], after we had been on "no contact" for about a 8 months. He's the only person I've ever talked about my suicidal urges with, and overall I managed to sort of kill that relationship. We both effectively cheated on each other at some point. But two pretty critical things in all this are 1) for all the bad stuff, he's a completely honest guy, and (I don't know how to effectively convey this in a way that doesn't make me seem blinded) he considers me to be the love of his life. He hasn't dated anyone since our official break-up two years ago; honestly, I would be happier if he had, because 2) I never felt the same way about him and that lack of being able to reciprocate really fucked me up (he was not ever abusive, I was/am abusive towards myself).All of this is to say that I'm stubbornly approaching the day I die, while also isolating myself and keeping my distance from my ex. I think about killing myself, and I think about my ex, nearly every day. And I'm not sure if one is negative while the other is positive, like killing myself = bad, but reminding myself not to talk to my ex anymore = good. I keep having this asshole fantasy that I call him the night I'm gonna die, because then he can come over and keep me safe from myself (again, yeah, I realize this is a trash thing to consider for his sake, because it could literally fuck him up for life), and then once I'm done realizing what an asshole thing that is to do I'm back to thinking "yeah it's gonna be way healthier for everyone involved if I'm dead, then nobody has to deal with my self-sabatoging asshole behavior + 100,000 other reasons I need to die"He doesn't deserve to be "the only reason I'm still alive" because I don't know what kind of burden that would place on him. Not to mention that, as long as I'm not dead, I'm going to be subtly continuing my self hatred in the hopes that I DO go through with it someday, and that's going to continue to influence my interactions with everyone and my ability to function day-to-day.
So my wife was using my phone in bed last night, she couldn't find hers, and she came across some of my search history. Something like "how many Valium to kill yourself" came up and she flipped out. I admitted to having curiosity about it, but tried to reassure her that I wasn't going to kill myself, after recently being prescribed the drug to cope with anxiety. I haven't even had to have a tablet in over a week, so I've learnt to cope with the anxiety better, or it has dropped down.So last time I was going to kill myself, I think it was in 2013 or 2014, I'd dropped my daughter off with her Auntie to look after for the day, then dropped some stuff off at work that I had borrowed from various people. Then I drove off to "The Gap" in Sydney. While driving I was taking all of whatever pills I could find, chewing them up because I thought that would make them release better, and then once at The Gap, I waited for the right moment, when there weren't so many people around to witness. Before the moment came a member of the public came up to talk to me and I couldn't make her go away. People were milling around me, and I just couldn't get the opportunity to jump, then the police arrived and I was taken away.The reason I'm telling this story is to remind myself what my wife went through. She got a call from the police while I was in an ambulance for observation before being taken to the mental health ward at St Vincents hospital. The police took my car and parked it at the local police station, my wife had to arrange with my mate to help her come and pick it up.It was all a massive inconvenience to her, and she reminds me of that. But she said last night "I just want to know if you're going to do it."Does this become part of my plan now? Do I have to run in past her for approval before I off myself? It seems to me that if you want to commit suicide, the last thing you want to do is tell people you're going to, or they'll stop you.

I didn't ask to be alive, to have major depression and be forced to pay to exist on this shit planet. I have everything except family, which I don't care abut - good job, friends, strong relationship, etc. but every time I think about my future it's too scary, it's too rough, it's too much and I don't want ANY of it. I have this stupid idea that I HAVE to be a music teacher in order to respect myself, aka the hardest thing a human could ever do with the lowest pay proportional to the effort put in. Nothing I do is enough, I fuck up everything, I hate myself. I'm terrible at everything and I will never succeed. Music teachers have to be... amazing people. And I will never be amazing. I hate myself, I hate being alive. 
Maybe I should just drop out of High School. I'm old enough to do it. I'm drowning in overdue assignments and I did nothing productive. again today. I have my parents, teachers, and even the fucking principal are trying to help me. It's all in vain at this point though. I'm just a selfish, worthless, useless prick. I'll never amount to anything. I don't deserve everything that people are trying to do for me. I've told my parents about my depression and suicidality already and they have been doing a lot to try and help me, but I can't even help myself. I'm just sick of hating myself so much all the time. Even if I do survive this and go to college I doubt i'll last very long. I'm also addicted to porn/masturbation. I'm a fucking disgusting, selfish, worthless, useless piece of shit.
https://youtu.be/JVmYacgmOHc
Everytime my depression kicks in, I snap at the people I most care about, I do it without really understanding what im doing, and when I realize what ive done, its too late. I hate myself for that, im just a sack of shit that takes out the weight on their shoulders on other people that dont need my bitching. Because of this and many other factors of myself, I want to commit suicide, but at the same time im afraid of death.
I recently "graduated" from a masters program. The only thing I need to finish is my masters thesis. Well It's been almost a year since I was suppose to graduate, and I still don't have it done. In fact I barely even started. Although if you asked my family, or my girlfriend, or my work they would say I'm going to be done soon, I've just been screwed by the school. I've been lying to them for months, because I'm too afraid to tell them the truth. The truth is the idea of a thesis was so overwhelming to me that I just kept pushing it off. I have anxiety and depression and I just got worse and worse as I went through the program. By the time I started my thesis, it was at an all time high. I had no confidence in myself. I would start and get a few sentences typed out or maybe one article read and I would get so overwhelmed I would often end up having "panic attacks". So I stopped working on it. I've told everyone that my chair wanted crazy changes and was not helping, and the department was working me over and not helping at all. The truth is I'm just a lazy piece of shit. I can't take questions about it anymore. It completely shuts me down. I worry about it constantly and it's starting to affect every part of me. I can't eat. I can't sleep. I come home and I isolate. I hate myself and what I've done to myself. There is nothing I can do to fix this anymore. I know people will miss me if I kill myself, but they will work through that. I can't take the absolute disappointment others would have in me. It's just too much. I fucked myself and this seems like the only way out. 
24 yr old male. I have chronic pain and discomfort. This world is fading fast and I'm not sure how I should spend my final days. Just wish I could go back. My family is the only thing keeping me alive. No job, no friends, living with my parents. The Xanax is starting to lose its effect and I'm afraid if I start taking pain meds I'll never get off em. 
Dear Reddit, I am a fuck up.I feel haunted.. Got in to three car accidents within a 2 month span. Totaled my car on Mischieve Night... Lost my job on the same night. Don't understand how or why I survived such a horrific accident. I don't understand why god wants me live and I'm pissed he didn't let me die.My friends don't support me or understand how I feel. My family isn't there for me either nor do they care or understand what I am going through. I'm afraid to talk to the guy I'm dating about my issues because I don't want him to worry about me, but more accurately I'm afraid of him finding out how screwed up I actually am and then stop talking to me. I'm in such a financial hole I started to have sex with older men for money. I can't remember the last time I felt loved. I can't remember the last time I felt genuinely supported. I feel like I've never felt joy. I'm 22 and I can't remember what it was like to be a child. I can't feel joy. I think sex is the closest thing to happiness I'll ever achieve. I'm sure I'll end up addicted to hard drugs if I continue this lifestyle, but I don't know how to stop nor have a good reason to. I'm considering donating all my stuff to Goodwill and planning out my last days. I turn 23 next month, may commit suicide before then. 
I moved to another country four or five months ago to chase my childhood dream of working in the field of animation and am living with my grandparents currently, but it's really tough to fit into the society here. Although, I was able to get a job that pays well, it's difficult to fit in there too since I am the youngest and everyone is in college or graduated, while I'm still waiting to get accepted into college.I felt like my life was going downhill as soon as I moved. I feel like I've lost so many friends and just got weaker overall. I haven't gotten over my ex yet (it's been like almost two years and I should be over it, I know) and I miss my friends and family. I'm really strict on myself and I feel like I shouldn't be feeling these things since it's an embarrassment to me and my family if I don't get accepted into college.I also used to be clean from self harm for a few months but I hurt myself again last night because I felt like there is no escape. I just want to end my life. I'm sad a lot and because of the difference in time zones, I don't get to talk to a lot of people. I'm usually alone and I feel like I would be better off dead since I'm still young. I feel so lonely and lost with my life. I don't know where to go anymore. I just want to walk into traffic or drink some bleach.TLDR; I'm lonely, future doesn't look too bright, I want to die.
I'm 25 and I've danced around the topic of suicide on and off for the last maybe 13 years. I've made two half-assed attempts when I was 19 but never since then. This year has just destroyed me. My already-dysfunctional relationship with my family (I only have four immediate family members, of which two are already estranged) basically disintegrated this year. Kind of needed it, as my father is abusive, but as he is also in his 70s and in poor health and living alone, I am still racked with guilt.A four-year relationship with someone I considered the (cliche) love of my life fell apart and they're already out there meeting new people and so on, and it hurts. Especially since they are my best friend, so normally I would go to them with my problems buuuuut now it's too weird and awkward and intimate to do with my ex. Plus I'd be afraid if I confided in them about my mental issues they'd think I was trying to guilt or manipulate them into feeling bad for breaking up with me.The thing is, I have a lot of other (not super close) friends and acquaintances, and support. I know lots of people would be devastated if I died. I have a therapist, a psychiatrist, and three different kinds of medication that work arguably ok, or did anyway until recently. Besides, hard to say if what I'm feeling now is related to brain chemistry or just my life kinda sucking right now. I dunno if it's worth the effort to keep putting up with my depression just to make these other people happy. I've done that all my life and I kind of feel like I'm being held here against my will. I just want to leave already. Maybe this is what evolution is, maybe I just haven't got what it takes to survive, you know?Either way, I have things to do before I go. And I keep setting further deadlines, so I know I'll never actually commit suicide. "Well, I can't die before Thursday, because I have to play a show that night. Can't die before March, because that's my album release. Can't die before April, that's my college roommate's wedding." And so on, and so forth, and by the time April rolls around I'll a reason to postpone till June, and so it goes.And yet, these goals are starting to seem less and less necessary to complete.edit: the ironic thing is i volunteer at a crisis hotline, ha
No one likes me and my friends always take the piss out of me collectively. I'mBeing isolated from everyone in my life and starting to do bad in school and I just really really don't want to go on much longer unless things get better. 
I've been suicidal before, when things were bad and I was really depressed. But things aren't particularly bad right now. I'm just not interested in being here. And it's difficult because when I'm depressed I know I can go see a doctor, go on meds, talk to a counsellor. When times are bad I know I'm feeling this way because of my friend's death or whatever else is bothering me at the time. But times aren't bad atm, so I don't know how to even start fixing it. I try to do fun 'bucket list' things, so to speak, to try and find some interest in life. I fly around the world to see bands I like, I moved to Australia for a year. Currently I'm volunteering at a safari park, working with elephants, monkeys, giraffes and I also get to hug baby tigers and lions. After this I'm travelling around Thailand and the rest of South East Asia for a while, then moving to New Zealand which is my favourite country in the world. This is the sort of stuff that I've always wanted to do, so I should be happy. Nothing matters. Even when I'm having an amazing time I'd still rather be dead. I'm still here purely because I don't want to hurt my family. I don't know what to do. I don't know how to fix this. I just want to be normal. 
I have an awkward sexual orientation; I'm homoromantic-heterosexual. As the name implies, I basically only fall in love with guys, but only have sexual feelings for women. There are some exceptions; I can "like" a girl, and I am somewhat attracted to guys (just not below the waist).So, I don't think that a long-term relationship is realistic for me. If I commit to a women, I will never love her. And, if I commit to a man, I will never be able to have a sex life.I'd be ok with falling in love with a man, living together, and just rarely or never having sex. But, I know that no one else would be ok with that kind of life.So, without love, is life worth living? I don't think so...
This is my first time posting on reddit with such a serious issue so I apologize if this isn't the right place to look for advice. My friend [M age 50+] went through with an affair with someone I knew closely. She had treated him like a sugar daddy but in a very smart, manipulative way so it looked like (to him) that she was truly in love with him. They are both married to different people.  She was just bored and looking for attention. After a year of this weird sugar daddy treatment torment(but him still falling deeper in love with her), she decided to become cold and manipulatively try to act in way that would get him to break up with her. But he felt like he was too old and too deep in the relationship to give up on her and went through so much emotional abuse. He had devoted his life to her, his finances, his time, his mental health. He was even ready to give up on his current marriage. It was so dumb to me. Now that she completely cut ties, he has attempted to kill himself twice. I'm the only person who knows about his problems. He's cutting all his life lines even with my pleas not to do so. I'm just a 20-some year old kid with anxiety who's trying to graduate from college. Before this, he was basically my godfather.We had put points together and found out she had almost all the signs of NPD and NPD help says that the best way to deal with someone who has NPD is absolutely no contact. He intellectually knows she's not good for him but he says he's dead without her love. He's shattered. His only reason for living is clinging on to the hope that she'll return to him but ...that's not going to happen. He's been bargaining with me to help him get back together with her. I don't want to because it was so unhealthy. He knows it, he doesn't care. In his own words, he'd rather die used and completely wrung out with her love in his life (even if its fake! His words!!!)than live without her. It's honestly so fucked. He thinks about her every second of the day. I don't get it at all. She's [F 25] living her life happily with her own marriage. She was depressed bc the stress of the affair was weighing on her too. I suspect he was moving fast bc he was so old but he said she initiated everything that furthered the relationship into an affair. I just don't know what to do. I'm being asked to help get her back but I don't want to. I'm afraid telling him so will truly trigger his death. I know she won't go back to him. It's been 3 months since the affair breakup.I know this is a text wall but I'm honestly so stressed right now. Any advice for my friend and any advice to stay sane while keeping my friendship with him?TLDR[M50]friend is going through heartbreak and he's attempted to kill himself twice. He doesn't want to accept a life without her love. I don't want to help him get back into that unhealthy relationship. I try to be there for him but it's been months and I'm a tired helpless college student. Every day is stressful for me, even more for him.(extra info: He lives across the continent)sry, thanks
I'm just done. It's heartbreaking being ridiculously hypersensitive, feeling like I was born in the wrong time. The only man I've ever truly loved is so broken, we simply can't be together. We've tried so many times. He's the only person I've ever pictured a real future with, wedding, kids, growing old together. I'm with a man who adores me & my children, yet I'll never be in love with him and I've accepted that I'll live comfortably, but not happy. 
I am reaching out to this subreddit since I have nobody else. That, by the way, is not a stupid self-pity statement - due to my social anxiety, I lost everyone. Literally.Okay, let me give you guys a short summary.I've always been a shy kid. When puberty hit, it made me feel very anxious around being strangers and even friends. I started to avoid social situations. Soon, I went from a group of friends to no friends at all. And you know what? I loved it.It gets worse. I got more and more isolated due to my social anxiety. I started to stay at home while I should have been at school. When I even thought about seeing someone (including my friends), I would completly shut down and have panic attacks. Sweating, feeling like suffocating, shaking, crying. From one day, it got to a couple days in a row and then weeks without visiting school. Of course, the school didn't accept that - and neither did my mom. Letters came. People came. A judge came.Wait, what? A judge. Yes. After I stayed inside (not even leaving the house anymore at this point) for a few months, the door to my room got busted open by police and I was sent to a locked mental hospital. I was 13 years old at that point.And I thought school was making me anxious. Having no room for myself, not being able to hide from others made me go crazy. I actually tried breaking the windows, because I couldn't handle it.After aggression came trauma. I don't really remember this phase. People told me I sat on "my" bed for days not saying anything - I shut down.After 2 months in there, I was free again after I said I would go to school just fine again. Of course, nothing would be fine. The next morning when I didn't go and my mum called the judge, I ran. I packed a bag and went into the woods. That's the first time I tried to kill myself. I cut my wrists while ran was pouring down on me. I just wanted to go back to whereever I was before I was born.I woke up in the hospital, stiched up. Fuck.Back to the mental hospital it goes. They pumped me full of benzodiazepines. They helped, but I didn't feel human anymore, I was just numb.Man, this is getting long. I am not that interesting, let's skip to my current self.I am now 17 years old, very soon to turn 18. Since I was 14, I never visited school again, went to the mental hospital two more times, became addicted to benzodiazepines and finally became numb and depressed. No further suicide attemps, though.Recently, the days have been feeling like years. Haven't talked to anyone besides my depressed, lonely mom, who works all day, in about a year. No, not even virtual friends. I deleted WhatsApp and every other social app. I couldn't even find new friends now.I am still not leaving the house. Never will. I am just slowly dying.The worst thing is thinking about the few happy days I used to have. I never had a girlfriend, only a crush. Only a memory, she is long gone, never even talked to her. But still, I vividly remember every situation she was involved in. I don't have much else.I will commit suicide soon. Or maybe hang in the a couple more months, but for what? More crying about past events and events that never happend? Thinking about what a kiss would feel like?My decision is long made. I just wanted to share my story, maybe chat a bit for the last moments, I don't know why I post this, even.Back into the shadows I came from before I was born I go, life isn't for me, peace.Edit: I tried therapy willingly the 3rd time I got sent to a "prison hospital", for 4 months. They said, quote, "We tried every therapy form for your situation, I don't know what to do anymore. You're free to go."
I've been struggling with depression since my baby was born a little over a year ago. She's perfect but I also feel like I've made a terrible mistake. I've tied myself even tighter to someone who doesn't care about me at all. I tried to talk to him about how unhappy I am, that I was thinking about suicide. He yelled at me. I haven't mentioned it since and I thought I was doing better but a few weeks ago he made me watch this movie about all these kids killing themselves. I haven't stopped thinking about it since. I don't want to keep living like this. My kids are young enough they'll probably forget all about me. My husband will remarry and whoever she is will probably be a much better mother than I am. I wouldn't be surprised if within a year or two it was like I was never here. No one will care. I'm just so tired. I don't think there's a way to get over it. I can't think of another way out. 
I'm going to kill myself if I can't get high tonight. Fuck all these people. I don't care about my family. I don't want them to be in my life and I don't want to be in their lives. I hate living at home. I would rather be dead than living this half-existence. I don't really want to die. I feel like I have to. I have to kill myself because I can't live another day like this. I can't stand this life. I can't stand it, I hate this. I need to kill myself because I can't live like this anymore but I don't want to die. I don't want to die. 
I'm 15, I don't understand any work, all my teachers bully me I don't have any friends and I don't have a will to live anymore. Think I'll drink bleach or jump under a train. I don't expect anyone here to care, I just want to let it out.
Struggling with isolation, to the point that I'm getting more obsessed with destructive thoughts and suicide. I've had trauma in my past, so this is fairly normal for me, but I'm curious....PRACTICAL steps that maybe someone has taken to end isolation, to build up some friends, or even just friendly acquaintances.Show me your stripes too. There is no competition among people who suffer, but I don't relate to ANYONE after as far and away as I have been. I'm talking: ALONE, too poor to afford a place to live, sober, full time employed surviving in the woods as the "crazy guy" for months, living out of a pack on the roadside judged by every single set of eyes as being someone who "deserved" the life I walked... 2 years I survived as a throw away on the side of the road here in the USA.Flat out, I wont disqualify anyone, but I want to feel that I can SEE who I'm talking to - I want to know you have been here.I'm almost 31, and since highschool I've had very few friends - and as a man these are usually drinking buddies who are a handful on their own... I've had no one around me who was as interested in me as I was in them - so as long as I can remember...I just know that I don't want to continue like this. I meet people all day, every day, for years... I'm full time employed now in a awesome place with lots of happy people around - yet I still cannot find anyone who would like to hang out. I've researched the topic, I'm really not looking for simple or patronizing answers here. ...maybe there are no answers... maybe friends and smiles are for folks who are attractive...Maybe they really do lie to us the whole time we grow up, and the world is just a shitty place... I want to hear your thoughts, it might inform some decisions about the future.I know myself, but I'm scared that I'm gonna do something. I'm just old enough to start reasoning that there is not time enough to pull this out - and that's a new angle... Up until this point, I've been young, there have been possibilities... But not now. If this continues for another 10 years, like it already has, I'll be 40. I wont stand a chance at having anything in common with anyone, as a single and horrifically lonely "dad" with no lady, family, or career.... damn I'm a loser lol.I just don't think that there is time.Anyway - share here please and Thank You!
It asks for my ZIP; I assume that they'll be able to track me down pretty easily and will force me to go to the hospital if they have to. Also, they'll probably put me on some "lists" for having contacted them.
In my main circle of friends, most of them know about my depression and suicidal tendencies. Some of them know I've self-harmed and survived one attempt before.A few (I'd say no more than three) know that I do still seriously struggle with my various issues, and I talk to them semi-regularly when I feel I might be in a crisis or just need to blow off steam.But recently I've been concerned that my reaching out to them might be a bit self-serving and manipulative. Though I never word it at all close to this, I fear it comes off as "hey talk to me cause I wanna kill myself again!"Anybody have similar struggles? Or advice as to how I can feel more comfortable returning to the same people repeatedly when I need some help?
So I've been in contact with the mental health services for a couple of years now. I've been on anti-depressants for about 4 years. I have been in contact with some mental health units now due to psychosis, and I believe I have psychotic depression, given that I have insight into my symptoms. Basically, I hear voices and have paranoid thoughts, and it is debilitating. I have constant suicidal thoughts, and have attempted to kill myself three times before, due to a mixture of psychosis and severe depression.I went to see a psychiatrist today (after receiving an initial assessment about 2 months ago, and the initial assessment went really well and was with a sympathetic and understanding nurse). This appointment was shit though. The psychiatrist was condescending, trivialised my problems when I opened up, and showed a complete lack of understanding of my symptoms. I felt as if he didn't believe what I am experiencing, and thought I was just making all this shit up. He said that I don't seem like someone who is severely depressed and experienced psychotic symptoms, and he constantly implied that he didn't believe me, although he said he had to believe me, which was just a professional position for him to take. The mental health unit has shit reviews from all the patients who have stayed there, and they are complaining about how they felt undervalued and ignored, and I can completely understand why now.He reluctantly diagnosed me with substance-induced psychosis, which makes very little sense as I developed these symptoms long before I started drinking, but I know he still didn't really believe me. I need to get some blood tests, and then he said he's referring me to a psychosis team, although "they may not take me." Now if I don't get help for this, it will end up in suicide. I just know it. That's why I'm so desperate to get help, and I hope they do accept the referral, and the people there will actually understand my condition.  Sorry to vent. I was hopeful before this appointment, but now I'm feeling bleak and suicidal.
im bullied at school by both the students and the teachers. they think its funny to act like im retarded and mock me. my home life isnt any better. i sit around on my fat ass on the stupid internet being depressed about people having friends and being the people they want to be. im at lunch right now (i go home because of bullies) and i would seriously rather die than go back to school because its that torturous. before today i thought i would never kill myself but now im actually starting to warm up to the idea that this world is meant to enslave and milk the life out of us. everyday is the exact same as the next and the one before it and every other day. i get up so tired im hallucinating, go eat shitty breakfast and go to school, get threatened by the teachers who say they want to beat me, get treated retarded by everybody. not get talked to by anybody. and then go home and be depressed on facebook while i watch as everyone has a good time with friends, then i go to bed at 12:00 AM - 1:00 AM and repeat. there is no good in my life. besides, its not like anyone will care
I'm posting on here because I really don't know what to do anymore. Everyday I want to die at some point. I feel like going and doing things that I like, or talking to people that care about me is just procrastinating the inevitable. It's like not cleaning your room, you can go out and have fun but you'll always come home to it. I always come back to feeling like this.I worked hard for a long time to build the life that I had, and I lost it all in few months. I lost everything financially, career wise. I'm stuck running a business that doesn't make enough money to support myself, living with family at 32 years old. I've been clean from drugs for 4 years, but I think every day about doing one last shot. The only thing that's stopping me is the fear of waking up from it and having to deal with all that shit again.I think the worst part is that I really want help. I'd love to go to a doctor or something but I can't afford it. The healthcare system is awesome for the uninsured. And if I did I'm terrified of being sent away if I'm honest about my feelings with any doctor. I can't do anymore time in a facility. I won't do it again.
My family and friends are against suicide, they don't understand the feeling of being trapped and any attempt to reach out to them is met with an immediate guilt trip. That's why I'm posting here, it's appropriate if I want to gain anything from the comments.Everything started after highschool circa 09'; I had a scholarship to study computer science at a major university. I was happy, fortunate and humble. I had a decent job for the time and a promising career; even though I was still an amateur at the time.February 2010, 0400 hours I heard 7 loud knocks on the door. I opened the door and was dragged outside by the FBI guns blazing my family included. I was being investigated for computer hacking; 7 felonies with a maximum sentence of 20+ years in prison and over $1 million in fines.  I hacked into a government firm 2 years prior (age 17 at the time & tried as an adult) under a collective called Anonymous. No damage was dealt other than keylogging more passwords and it was a simple break, enter, logout.I was placed on pre-trial probation and awaited a court hearing for one year. During this time; my grades dramatically dropped and I only excelled in computer related classes. I would be full of lies if I didn't disclose that I thought about suicide but at this time in my life there was still a glimmer of hope, that in court I could defense my position; and I did.The charges were reduced to 3 misdemeanors and 500 hours of community service. This happened one year after the Federal Raid. At this point in time I've dropped out out university and ducked social media because of embarrassment. 4 years later my friends are finishing university and I'm still telling myself that I will save money and try to return to school. 2 more years pass and I'm writing this post; It's impossible to find a job, people think that I do drugs because I'm malnourished but I've never touched a drug in my life. I'm unemployed, homeless, and I'm writing this on my phone. It's 3:48am and it's cold outside. While I've been programming android applications & games and posting them on the market; they've earned very little income (2,500 as of now) it's not enough to secure a place to stay or save for clothes.I've honestly been dwindled to nothing.I made this post because thinking of suicide is a welcoming thought; it's the first time in a long time that a crushing weight has been lifted from my chest and it's the first time that I can remember taking a deep breath.Thank you for hearing me.
I don't want to change. I want to die. Nothing is good, everything is horrible. I'm sick of life, there's nothing here for me. I just don't want to be in pain when I go and I don't want to risk vomiting. Why should I have to put effort into wanting to live when I /don't want to/?!
I am sitting here numb at 2am, with work in just a few hours. I took almost the whole week off for Tgiving, but I did nothing. The last few days I have been so numb and anxious, I haven't been able to sleep, eat, or do anything. I am not afraid I will kill myself, but I just feel so empty. I want the feeling to go away. I literally have no one to talk to anymore, all friends and connections are gone. It is amazing how life works out.I have tried for months to make some new connections, it is not much of an option at work, as I work with a few doctors that have been doctors since the 70s aka before I was born, and then most of the work is with animals, so they don't really talk back.I have tried going out, to the bars and just out and around. I also tried meeting people on stuff like Reddit (almost 9 months, and all the really really nice people that were nothing but nice, ghosted just like everyone else) I had a gf, and it made things ok, but just trying talk to her about such things basically made her freak out and push me away, and I think we are done for good...oh ya, that was Thursday. My former best friend, when I mentioned being suicidal to him once a few years ago, his response was "good luck with that" and it was never really the same again. It feels so hopeless, why is it so hard to meet new people? 7 billion people, why is anyone lonely?In the past, my biggest problem is that I have been too nice, and have been used and taken advantage of. It really sucks when you think someone is the one, change your whole life for someone, move across country, give up seven years, only to find out the whole time you were part of some huge elaborate lie for most of it. Not that it wasn't real, but to be used by the person you care about most is hard. I guess I am different and maybe a little weird, and sometimes it turns people off at first. But for my whole life I have had people tell me that once they got to know me I was nothing like they expected. It makes it hard to meet new people, I think. And on Reddit everyone is so judgemental, they read 3 words and decide you are not good enough for them...then make posts on 3 accounts a day saying that they have already talked to everyone here. It is so foolish. I am passionate about a ton of things, patient, kind, intelligent, no one has ever called me ugly...I am probably the funniest person I know, I love animals, I am loyal and basically 100% reliable when it comes to keeping my word...I have been self reliant and on my own since 18. I am far from perfect, but how is it that the year is almost over and I can still be so. fucking. alone. Isolation is ok for a while, but I don't care who you are--it wears on you. You can only fake it for so long, only so many movies, books, songs, video games, etc...and besides...what is the point of any of it it? What is the point of anything beautiful or funny or amazing if you can't find anyone to share it with? I guess it is a bonus when you have no siblings or friends or really family, no one will even notice if you do kill yourself. But I don't want to die, I want to live. I just want to be happy. I want the pain to go away, but I have no idea how to even start. I am 33, and I have so much ahead of me and I understand that I don't know what tomorrow brings, but I feel I am just going to be alone forever. And then I will be bitter and angry at myself, because everything told me I would be alone forever, but something stupid called hope gave me this dumb idea that maybe I should go on living because something may change. How long do I wait? For 5 years or so, I have told myself....1 more year, on my birthday Ill do it if I am still unhappy. Well that day is coming up (lucky enough to have an xmas birthday) and I am dreading it, and hating life so much. I have been good all year, I haven't tried to hurt myself in years, and I have worked all year without any breakdowns but I am afraid that now its coming. In the past I always had someone to talk to, what do I do now? I have nobody. No one. If anyone cared, that wouldn't be true. I had a few good friends, one who helped so much, she was so supportive...but then one day her boyfriend got jealous she was spending time and attention on me, and he said I was manipulative and all this stuff and to never talk to her again...and I haven't, and it sucks. I guess it all really doesn't matter. People are strange, when you're a stranger. What do you have to do to make some connections with people today? I suck at social media, and I am old fashioned...I think I would have had better luck a few 100 years ago, you know if I didn't die crossing a river, or to a snake bite, or the other million ways to die when life was The Oregon Trail simulator. I would be happy to chat with anyone, but for some reason with the deeper stuff,  I don't really feel comfortable talking about this kind of stuff with a male, if it makes a difference. I am good at taking criticism, maybe someone could even help me figure out what/if I am doing something wrong or obvious. But again, that is something you need to know someone to judge.  NO PRETENSE. Somebody save me? 
You would think staying at home all day doing absolutely nothing sounds great but it is torture. Knowing your existence is pointless and unsustainable is hell. Knowing there is nothing you can do to fix your situation because you've sunk so low that there is nowhere for you to go anymore. There are so many reasons I can't get a job and im tired of discussing them only to be told that I just need to change my attitude. I can't do this anymore.
So, here's the long story short here. My girlfriend, let's call her Lilly, has a very, very hard home life. Her parents are split, both with a new partner. At her father's house, she is loved, she is an only child (she despises children), and both parents make sure she's happy. Not spoil, but she's got a good life.At her mother's house, she has a neglectful mother who, as far as I can tell, keeps custody for the child support. Her mother's boyfriend, Tommy, has hit her, has made sexual remarks towards her (he has not touched her besides pinching her ass once and claiming "it was a joke, calm down."), and yells at her. She is forced to go to her mother every other week for a week, and hates every single minute. Atop that, there are two kids and three babies, as well as her, making it even worse on her. She gets no quiet time to do homework, her phone is taken away at 6 and then she is forced to sleep by 8, and neither adults make any attempt towards helping her in any aspect. She is late for at least 2 hours every day out of the week when at her mother's, because she cannot use her phone as an alarm and both adults are too irresponsible to even wake up on time with their own alarms to help. She cannot simply "sleep sooner" because despite making her sleep at 8, the parents are not remotely quiet or reserved enough for her to sleep until around 11.It was recently announced to her by her mother that she is being forced to travel to another country for Christmas break to spend time with Tommy, a man she hates and is by no means related to him, for a time longer than she should be with her mother (a whole month, which also cuts into all the children's school time), and is not allowed her phone throughout the time. And she can't act like she doesn't enjoy where she is, or her mother will take her phone away for a month, not let her go to her father's throughout the month, and keep her from seeing friends.Her mother's abused her emotionally her entire life. Once, 10 years ago, they were moving a lot for financial reasons and her mother was a bit on edge, so she yelled a bit more than normal. Lilly was scared, she wanted to go back to where she used to live, she wanted to be comfortable again. She says she slept for about 5 hours every night there, and she's pretty sure everyone else was the same way. No one was happy. Her mother has the audacity to blame all the stress on Lilly. She's made her a scapegoat for the rest of the family.She's run away from home six times since I've met her. For the last couple days, she's been a little distant. I wasn't going to prod too much, she's very shy and reserved and I figured she trusted me enough to tell me if she was feeling bad. I finally made her tell me today, because it just wasn't like her to act this way, and she tells me she's wondering if it would hurt her mother more to write a suicide note directly to her, to let her know it's her fault, or if just simply doing it would have a bigger impact.I'm terrified and my mind is far, far too much of an emotional cloud to handle this properly. I can hardly think at all. I need help, what do I tell her? 
So to start with I'll give some backstory, not too much because I'll probably do that another day, I'm in high school and I have 0 friends. Litteraly 0, I get to school and speak to no one. There was a period of about a week where I hadn't spoken to a single person, no not even my parents as they work at night so I stay home alone some days. I used to be one of those cringey people that thought "I'm an introvert but I'm smart" or something, now I notice I'm just really fucking stupid and no one actually cares about me. I did have friends before, they did come to this school, but we don't share classes and they have their own groups, I'm nothing like I was last year, I used to be funny energetic, things like that. I just don't have it in me anymore, I'm not failing any classes but the only reason for that is because I cheat in all my classes. I'm writing this at lunch, sitting alone, ready to cry but there's people near me. I can't sleep anymore and make it up during my electives, I used to go to sleep with asmr but that doesn't do anything for me now, when I lay in bed my legs and hands twitch because I know I won't sleep. Trying to sleep is the worst feeling of all, looking up and just seeing pitch black having to think of the day or life you have. I did have one friend earlier in the year but it seems that the election made her insane, asked me who I supported and then went on for 30 minutes texting me that if I don't support her candidate than the world will end or something, really I don't support anyone, I don't actually care about who's my president, not like itll change my sadness. I don't know what else to write here but I'll probably remember overnight, tommorow at approximately the same time I'll update this or make a new post or something of the sort
A close friend of mine has hit a real bad low. He disclosed to someone that he was planning on killing himself. The police have been called and he's currently in the hospital under a psych eval. His sister,  who is out of state, called me and said that they(friend/hospital) may be calling me to pick him up today or tomorrow. My question is... How do in help him? What do I say on the drive? I can't believe I asked this. I never thought it was possible.
I'm a 23 M in France right now. My story starts quite well in Africa where I finished high school with the best results of my country and got a grant to come study in  France. My first year here was fine but in the following one,  I became depressed as hell and started missing some class.  I managed to still be the best student with best results of my school but they kicked me out because I had way too many absences.  From there things started going downhill pretty quickly . This year I still managed to get an engineering school but after one month of class,  I was told that my grant was cancelled since I changed of school . Then I had to drop out and find me a way to make some  money to fund my " future"studies and pay some debts I have.  It's been weeks I'm looking for a job but nothing.. I got no family here,  my former friends here distanced themselves the minute they knew that I got kicked out of that school. Plus my former best friend got with my ex girlfriend so making friends is just not something I want right now. My studies were everything for me and I blew it for stupid reasons.  I'm depressed af,  drown in debt and alone for weeks.. The only way out that I see is killing myself.  The only thing that prevented me from doing it were my religious beliefs but now I don't fucking care anymore.. I've been thinking about it from the get go but now it's not just an idea.  I've been avoiding talking to my family for a week now cause it would break me so much given what I'm preparing to do.  They had high hopes from me and I screwed all up. I guess I deserve this shit after all. I don't know when I'm going to do it but it's all ready and I'm an impulsive guy.  It could happen any time now. I just felt the need to share what I feel inside and your thoughts on it. 
So new account but same shit . Parents made me cancel my dnd get together tomorrow with my mates . Then made me not able to see my girlfriend for a week , then made me cancel my party next week which was going to be an end of year celebration with all my good friends (20 or so people) . I'm a 17M and honestly I thought these problems ended last year and that my parents weren't such fucking evil people anymore . They didn't even have a valid reason , they just said "because they say so" . If it was a real reason I would respect their decision . So tonight I'm going out with a bang . Well not a bang because south Africa has gun laws but I have a pretty cool selection of sharp stuff . Anyway bye reddit . Also hello reddit . And bye again
i have no friends to spend today with and it hurts so much. it's my 20th birthday, the start of my life and i'm supposed to be out with loads of friends having a great time and yet i'm alone in my room crying in bed. i can't see myself having a future, or seeing any of this getting better and it would be kinda cool to die the day i was born don't you think? my life is so sad and pitiful and i have to lie to people saying i'm doing all this neat stuff today because of how embarrassed i am by my life. one of my many, many mental illnesses is agoraphobia so i can't leave home too much. my only friend are is my mom and i can't leave the house without her. i rely on her so much for entertainment because if she's not here, i don't have another friends and i get bored which leads me to suicidal thoughts and here we are. i can't think of anything that would truly make me feel better at least for today and that's so frustrating. i can't think of what would make me happy... this is the worst and saddest birthday and i wish it was all over. 
I've already attempted suicide once this year and planned many other times that were interrupted. I am in a very bad state right now and I honestly don't know what to do
I kept the link in case I needed it. In case I didn't have any other means of hope left. I needed it. I have been waiting on my turn in the queue for over an hour. Watching the screen the entire time as it went from 11 to finally my turn. [This is the one I used](http://www.lifeline-chat.org/SightMaxAgentInterfaceLifeline2013/waitingforoperator.aspx?accountID=17&siteID=21&queueID=53&browserID=a84eff47-7b92-4590-a705-aaa8195ea06e&sessionID=85a01c05-b996-4b4a-8498-c0aa7e8d973d&chatRequestID=225421&chatName=Michelle). A part of http://suicidepreventionlifeline.org/. I wanted to talk to someone about how I'd been abused this past weekend, how my life is going bad, and I'm afraid of being abused again, maybe they might help me find a way out of it.But Kris disconnected. I waited an hour, he didn't even give me a minute. I'm a fast typer, I was just trying to find the right words to say as I've never done this before.I don't want to wait another hour only to find I'm not worth someone else's time... again. Is there a better chat site? Because fuck if the suicide chat doesn't even have a minute for me... what the hell do I do.+I'm not feeling emotions right now. Dissociation maybe? I just can't stop the intrusive thoughts to kill myself. New position in line: 16Fuck
I feel trapped. It's like this intense feeling of claustrophobia with all four walls coming in on me. I never knew I'd feel this...this suffocated. From my own mother.I love her with every ounce of my being but she doesn't trust me. I am 23 years old, and until now she wants me to be looked at by my uncle or her staff. She knew she can do anything with me because she gives me everything I want, even if I dont need it, even if I dont mind not having it. She loves me too much too too much that she should've put a chain in my neck so as to not let me go forever. She doesn't want to give me freedom, she doesnt even want me to have a night alone. To sleep alone with my thoughts. I feel immature, because she doesnt want to let me grow. She wants me to be in her line of sight 24/7. She wants me to be everything she wants me to be. Everything is her plan, her choices, her decisions. I'm living her life. And im tired. I'm so tired. I still pray for one last time, for Him to let me see what reasons could I go on for. Because Im losing all the will to live. I love my mother, but she's killing me.
I feel I should give you a backstory:I'm currently in one of the final years of med school in one of the east european countries. I started med school for many reasons: financial stability, wanting to help others etc. But the most important factor in my decision was the fact that I had a relationship and I wanted to be able to provide for my future gf/wife and to enable her to pursue her passion in arts without the financial constraint. Needless to say we broke up around the 4th year of studies and that has left me with no actual purpose in life.On top of that in a short span of 2-3 years I had alot of relatives and family friends die or get seriously ill: my grandfather died, my other granfather was diagnosed with alzheimer's disease and cannot take care of himself now, one very close family friend died of cancer; and in the last few days another relative just died. Since the breakup and the first events I can't study anymore - I've got constant anxiety, panic attacks to top that ,occasional paranoia and my mood is not stable at allI'm not motivated anymore to do anything - let alone study.The only relief I've felt is in indulging in video games all day.I've always felt empty inside but I hoped I will find something to fill that void - be it a person or an occupation.Thing is I found all of those but I lost them.  I've been thinking to just quit school and pursue another career but I don't think I'll succeed in any field. I feel like a dissapointment - to myself and to others, a failure. Just these few days I've been crying day in and day out - I feel like I'm obligated to do something for which I am not prepared. Exams are coming up in a few days, exams for which I did not study again.I've been contemplating suicide for quite some time now and the desire to end it all seems to grow stronger and stronger with each passing day I'm guessing tonight is as good as any 
I'm a 32 trans woman and my dysphoria has become too much to live with. Back in October, I was raped by a guy that I met off of a dating app. Last week someone keyed, "die fag" into the side of my car door. I'll never be able to do or experience the sort of things that every other woman gets to go through. No man will ever love me. I'll always be some kinky interest. Nothing more than a fetish. A freak. 
I'm tired of never putting myself first. I never have. No one else has ever put me first either. I want to be selfish and make everything go away.
I dont have a bad life; I have friends, a good job that I'm good at and where my managers, colleagues and even canteen staff like me. I have friends, surprisingly good health though a bit overweight, no debts and a decent home with good TV WiFi etc. Yet it's not enough.I have no family since my Mother died four years ago. I have bouts of depression since. I'm not married or in a relationship but through choice as I have refused many chances. But something odd has made me aware of what is fundamentally wrong: a much younger female colleague showed some interest in me which I ignored, not wanting to make life difficult, though I was flattered and interested.However, over the last months my feelings for her have grown as the more we talk the more I realise how much we think alike. However, she now has a boyfriend.But it's made me realise that so many of my decisions were wrong; I'll never attract a woman like her again, I'll never have another long term relationship, I'll never have a daughter. I'll always be second best to someone else.I exist to continue my existence. I have had many opportunities and interesting life events and positions but the whole has never equalled the sum of the parts.I feel a fat, middle aged fool of no importance who simply ages toward nothing.I have the method for suicide available and every Sunday I wonder why I don't just end this pointless existence. I truly hope death is nothingNess. I feel like a failed experiment and a fraud. People at work remark on my intelligence and 'wisdom' and i feel I am truly neither. I want to jump off the train before the inevitable crash.
I can't function as a normal person. My depression and anxiety make it impossible to do anything. I can't complete complete work for college and I have no real-world skills. I fear that I'm going to end up as some bum on the streets. The only reason I'm still alive is because I have three younger siblings and I'm afraid that they might be encouraged to kill themselves if I do.
I've given up i think. I don't know if this is the right sub, because necessarily I don't want to kill myself (yet), but I don't give a fuck about what happens to me. I'm so fucking sad and im disgusting and ugly and noone will ever love me the same as I love them. my ex took so much advantage over me, due to me being naive, so it's my fault. i feel so worthless and ugly and fat and horrible and everyone hates me. I've stopped caring about everything, and i just don't know what to do.
I'm not good at talking to people. The people on the suicide hotlines could save a life. I'm crushingly alone. I consider suicide just so I don't feel like I'm freezing to death. I could use someone to talk at and occasionally respond. I had a nine hour conversation with Cleverbot two days ago. Hyperbole, it was more like two. It was very helpful, but also troubling. I just want someone who I can talk to while my friends are asleep. They have lives, I have no job and insomnia.I just need to find anyone willing to shoot the shit, no pressure, nothing heavy. I don't need a net to catch me, I just need someone to sit with me on the edge and pass a beer around...It's getting bad. I almost reached out to my estranged mother. I'm so desperate for a conversation I considered talking to her, and she is crazy. Deleted a paragraph here. Got to personal. Anyway.So what is the step that comes before prevention hotline? For people who feel they are falling down the slippery slope to suicide?
I honestly have no purpose in life. I'm ugly, I'm fat, I'm a fucking idiot, I have absolutely no skill or talent in anything. What am I even supposed to do? There was a time where I thought I'd do great things, but then I grew up and realized...there's nothing for me. I thought it would get better in high school. It didn't, and now I've graduated and I have absolutely no idea what I'm doing.I can't drive, my dad hates me for it. It's always, "You need to learn to drive, I hate taking you everywhere." I want to, but I'm scared. How do I even start when nobody wants to teach me, and I don't have the money to go to driving school? And I need a job, but nobody will actually take me to that job. I'm not in college because I'm a dumbass and all that would be is a waste of money. What do I even do? What is my purpose?I'm beginning to think I don't have one. I'm tempted to buy sleeping pills and try to OD. I can't really think of anyone who would actually miss me. I've been depressed since I was 12. Nothing's changed. I just need to die.
I'm doneThis past month and a half has been the hardest thing I've ever been through, I'm so exhausted and nothing is getting better.My boyfriend left me (who I moved state for), leaving me with ridiculous amounts of debt and stuck in a lease I can't break and can't leave my housemates with as they can't afford itSo having to deal with heartbreak as well as all that and being in a state with no friends or familyI lost my job and I cannot get another one and in running out of moneyI can't stop thinking about killing myselfI wish I was deadNothing is getting betterEveryone is better off without meWhat is the point of anything anymoreHe has ruined my life
I got nothing to lose posting here.I joined 15 dating sites and frequent them frequently each and every day since February of this year.I went on one date out of all of them and it didn't end in a way that made sense to me.I must have tried speaking to hundreds of girls and almost never ever get a reply back probably because I am unattractive.No matter how polite and funny I try be on these sites I am never worth a response, I am not obligated a response I keep telling myself, but the fact I don't even get a first look makes me feel less than human.I am a virgin, only had my first date at 20 and that is it, I keep thinking of this, like as a creature put on this earth I will never experience a natural act that creatures do, that I will remain untouched, unloved, undesirable in every sense of the word.Every day just feels the same coming home and doing the same routine all alone.I want sex okay? I desperately want to experience the touch of a girl close to me, it validates me as a person.I can't even do that because I am ugly, and pale, and skinny and stupid.I don't know why I can't even get responses back, I am not nasty I just am bitter from being unloved.Try convince me downing a couple bottles of wine and all the pills in my medicine cabinet for a sweet death is not better than crying every weekend till I fall asleep
I'm a 26 y/o female and have had a rough couple of years and don't know how much longer I can go on. I have no friends, family, or significant other and am alone all the time except for when I work. All I really do is go to work, and go home to listen to music alone. I have interests but they are rather stupid (mainly just fashion). As for dating it is very hard for women nowadays I think, and especially since I'm quiet it's even more difficult. I just want to stop waking up. 
My sister and her boyfriend moved away Thursday. They had been living with my mom and I for about 2 months in our basement to prepare for the move. I wasn't even really upset until they were actually gone. (This is all about my sister. Her boyfriend is a good dude but this isn't about him, just a side note) I'm a 16 year old male (11th grade) and I have bad social anxiety, so my sister was my only friend. She was the only one I could go to with my problems (both my parents are in my life and I love them but they can be hard to communicate with). She has the same parents and almost always understand what I'm going through. She relates to me probably more than anyone. I've cried a few times since she left and I'm not even a big cryer. I get very upset whenever I go into the basement half expecting her to be there but all their stuff is gone and the basement is empty. I also go back to school tomorrow, as we had been on a week long break for thanksgiving. The stress is piling on and I don't know how to deal with this. I miss my sister so much. This is only a recent problem, add this onto my social anxiety, depression, and OCD and I don't think I can go on much longer. I don't want to die but I want to stop feeling so constantly shitty, so I do want to die in that regard, if that makes sense. 
I am simply too ugly to live.  I have lived life avoiding photos, pictures, mirrors, and anything else that will cause me to see myself.  I've lived this way since 13 or so.  That's half my life.  I still feel just as bad as I did then.  The only difference is, now I know specifically why I'm ugly.  My face is too wide, monstrously wide, and really no surgery that can fix it in any meaningful way.When I was little, girls would ignore me and show attention to my friends.  When I got to middle school, I started getting called ugly and feeling ugly.  When I got to high school the bullying and name calling quadrupled.  I was too much of a pussy to fight back and too weak.  I spent my ENTIRE teen years behind a computer.  Literally, all my teen years.  Life has barely changed.  Now I'm in my 20s and still get called ugly when I go out and I still get ignored.  Nothing has changed.  Nothing will change.  I've never had a girlfriend.  I've never kissed a girl.  Nothing.  I will never have a relationship.  I do not want to talk to girls being this ugly.There's no point anymore.  I will commit suicide.
I take long walks hoping that someone or something will kill me if I stay out late enough. I know I will not deliberately kill myself because I fear of messing up and ending up in a permanent vegetative state. I'm not sad or angry anymore. I know I want to die and that is that. My life ultimately sucks and I know it will not improve. I don't care about my life or what happens anymore. I have become cold and completely desentized to everything around me. I can probably torture a bird and feel no empathy or compassion. All I long for is my death. My life sucks and this life is not worth living at all. I hope something or someone kills me sometime soon during these long walks I take.
I don't know what to do. I've been depressed for too long and I have suicidal thoughts every day. I'm not actively trying to kill myself but I'm worried that it might come to that if I don't get help.
I don't have anyone. I tried reaching out to multiple people lately only to be left on read and ignored. They know that I can see that they've purposefully ignored me, but they don't care. I don't know why I'm like this. I tried my hardest my whole life to be kind, generous, and to get people to like me. Im the type of person where I would do anything to make people like me, but it never works. Its never good enough, IM never good enough. I feel like from the day I was born I've had to fight just to keep up with every other kid but no matter how hard I fight, it's never enough. I'm not good enough, and I know this. I've been told by my dad how I'm worthless because I dropped out of school and now I only go two hours a week, so I'm home 24/7. The only friend I did have doesn't talk to me anymore. I can't fix any of the problems I have or the reasons for my depression and no amount of postive thinking, counselors, or meds will change that. This world is shit. Anyone who thinks otherwise is ignorant or living in their own little world where they don't have to deal with shit. Shit is all I've known. My older sister has always been favored, shes moved to college yet I'm still constantly compared to her. She's always been praised for her looks and meanwhile I had to deal with crying in my grandparents bathroom when I was 9 because my grandpa pointed out how I was fat and that wasn't the only time that's happened. Whenever i tell people about incidents like this or what fucked things people have said to me, I get called out as a liar right to  my face. It's happened multiple times. It's like people everywhere go out of their fucking way to make me feel like shit and beat me down, but once I'm fed up with it and want to end my shitty life im a bad person and deserve a guilt trip? I've been left out, shit on, and treated like a dog my whole life. I just wish I wasn't a coward. I hate myself, I hate other people, I'm never going to be loved. I'm a chubby, ugly white girl. I can't keep up with how much better everyone else is, I can't get a boyfriend and ill never be loved like all the other girls I know. I'll never be physically attractive to anyone. I have all the proof I need. It's not depression talking, I know I have no friends. I know how people truly feel about me because other people have told me. I can see how groups of guys will keep looking at me, whispering, and laughing when I'm in public. Strangers fucking hate me and I dont even have to speak for them to do so. I can't even go to the grocery store without someone staring at me looking scared or obviously talking shit about me to whoever they're with. I feel sub-human because I know that I am. My feelings are valid because I know the reality of my own life and the world I sadly ended up on. Life is not good, life is not fair, life is not fun or exciting. Im so angry at people who are in long happy relationships, people who are physically attractive, and people who don't have to deal with mental illness try to tell me to "be happy". Try being happy when you're a housebound loner with a fucked up face and on top of that has to deal with being mentally ill. I just wish I could get over my fear of death, if others can do it why can't I? I've seen 9 year olds who successfully commit suicide (I don't say that like it's a good thing, btw) but I'm 16 and im too big of a pussy? I've seen gore and just bad shit and I'm still scared of death and the afterlife (or lack thereof). I have all the "qualifications" to kill myself, I just don't understand why I can't go through with it. I know I'm capable, but trying to fully accept what's going to happen to me is hard.
I'm twenty six years old. I've never been in a long term relationship. I've never really been kissed. I'm still a virgin. Whenever I have had feelings for someone, and I've told them, it has completely blown up in my face. Part of this is because of mental illness. I have bipolar disorder, which I was only diagnosed with when I was 23. After finally getting my moods under control with medication, and lots and lots of counseling, I thought I was over that hump. That finally I was able to love properly and be loved. In the three years since I've been diagnosed, there hasn't ever really been anyone that I was romantically interested in. I did meet someone. It is my best friend, and I posted in r/relationships for some advice. But what is scary about it is that all these bad feelings and self-destructive habits have come back. My love for her has consumed my life. I get anxious and panic attacks all the time about her and relationships (example: someone I worked with said the word "sex" with no context to either of us and it gave me a panic attack). Last week I cut myself. It is clear then that I shouldn't be optimistic about this relationship working out.And that makes me really pessimistic about the future. Turning twenty six and still being alone was hard. I just can't see anything ever changing for me. And that really upsets me. It is making me question if I really want to go on, or if I really can go on after this ends.I've just been in a really bad place the past couple of weeks, and it is a really self-destructive feedback loop. I'm head over heels for this person, and it is bringing up these bad feelings and habits. Therefore, it means I'm not in the right place to be in a relationship (or so my friends say, and seems to be the common opinion). That means I can't be in a relationship with her, and it makes things worse.The thing is, with all the work I have done I genuinely thought, and still do believe, that I've repaired most of the insecurities I have. I mean, I do get down on myself sometimes about how I look and my weight, but I don't really think about that ever. I feel like I am a good person at heart and like able. So when people tell me I need to love myself first before someone else can love me, I mean, I do love myself! I really don't know what else there is I can do.And I'm not in the headspace where I can accept there will be other people after this girl that I like now. But it isn't so much about just her. I'm not suicidal because things may not work out with her. I'm not even suicidal really to begin with. I just think about it, and don't know how much longer I can go on.I feel really unloved and want to be close to someone. Right now it is this person. I just want to be with her, and hold her hand, run up to her and kiss her. Lay in bed together and just be in the moment. I feel like a humongous piece of my life is missing and I can't reconcile going on without it.
I attempted suicide April of this year. I was getting insecure about my wife's doings on her phone again as she has been in contact with her ex. She sought him out after two years of marriage with me to once again bring up a miscarriage they had together that she neglected to tell him about until a few years ago. This time intimate details come out about how she hadoesn't it and where she buried it. I was OK with her working through this. I was OK to Supportt her in this extreme time of need. I am not enough. She went behind my back and went to her ex before telling me. She lied about conversations lied when I asked her how many times she's called him. She has been texting 50o messages to him in two weeks. Deleting them day by day only offering to show me when the conversation I assume is decent enough to see. I confronted her a tonight and was asked for asked divorce. She claims nothing has happened. She claims I'm projecting my insecurities and I'm at fault for feeling this way. If it weren't for her calling him multiple times before calling me and having numerous late night 1-3am text sessions with her always initiating it I wouldn't feel secure betrayed. But here I sit. At asked friends house restless, pained, and wondering what to do. I don't want to hurt myself again but I can't sleep now and have to work tomorrow to survive. I wish I had succeeded in April.
A long time ago when I was 7 maybe I don't remember I bit my sisters cats ear so hard it bled and I just am having a breakdown and I can't shake that memory I knew it was wrong I feel so bad 
My issues aren't based on people attacking me personally or neglecting me. I have absolutely no interest in continuing living in our society because of how utterly screwed up and misguided it has become. I'm not here to whine. I'm here for help. I need help coping with this, since I know that I can't change the way the world works. I haven't attempted suicide but over the last two years I have repeatedly planned how I would effectively remove myself from existence with minimal harm to those around me. Please help
I've been thinking about suicide since I was around seven.  I didn't  want to kill myself but I would obsess a lot about the subject, like what it would feel lke, how people would react (or wouldn't react), etc. And for some reason I always felt that I would die at a young age.Between 14 and 18 I had very intense depressive episodes and self harmed. When I talked to my family about how I felt they told me that everyone suffers and I just need to try harder to overcome it. Over the next few years, they told me my depression and anxiety episodes (three of which landed me in the emergency room) were bringing everyone down, and because of me the family felt burdened. My dad once told me to jump off a bridge, my sister told me that everyone will be thankful once I move out, and even my little brothers said I was "depressing" everyone. I thought a lot about suicide during this time but was always overcome by the desire to wait to see if things got better when I left home and went to college. I believed that things might get better.And when I DID leave home, things did get better for a while, but got worse again after a year. I also developed very debilitating hypochondria, and was always worried about dying from a terrible disease before things got "better". I desperately wanted to see a therapist but my family wouldn't pay for it or let me use the insurance.That brings us to now. I'm in my last year of college. I've been having intense physical symptoms  from anxiety and depression, feel nauseous after eating, am unable to make any friends/dont feel like anyone would want to be friends with me/dont want to make the effort, and my family is always blaming me for not trying hard enough to pull myself out of it, even though I've tried exercising, reading self help books, eating better, etc--everything they recommend. I have a great boyfriend, but his family doesn't like me and I think I've really only made things hard for him.I've been so sad for so long. This has been my whole life and I'm starting to feel like it is not going to get better. I find that I don't even have the desire to seek help anymore, and I'm not even sure I'd want to see a therapist if I could. I feel like I'm just waiting for something terrible to finish me off, and it might as well just be me.I guess I'm writing on here because I'm still not ready, but I feel like I'm slowly becoming more comfortable with the idea of suicide, and I think there will eventually be a time where that's what I will ultimately choose. I feel so far gone down the depression rabbit hole that there is no escape. I can't afford therapy, there isn't anyone to talk to, I don't know what to do.
I'm sorry this is long but I'm just going to rant here because my friend is mad at me because I've told her about how I feel about life.Im a sophomore and I'm kinda introverted. I have about 3 friends/acquaintances  I talk to, but I can think back to when I was little and i used to be so outgoing. I can vividly remember in kindergarten going down to the principles office on 3 separate occasions and always talking and actually having friends and going to other people's houses and having people come over to my house. I have had 1 friend over to my house in the past 4 years. And that was because I was her ride to a event later in the day. I used to be so outgoing and when I was little my parents never really told me no, and I would do what I wanted. Around the 5th grade I came to a realization that I was a fat, too tall for my age, ugly, and overall annoyance to everyone around me. And I guess sometime around there I stoped talking to people. In 7th grade I had 1 friend and it was more like an aquaintance. In 8th grade I forced myself to talk to people and I had 4 friends. I kept most of these people as acquaintances in 9th grade but I realized here that I have no one. Now I'm in the 10th grade. My "best friend" is such an amazing person but her best friend told me to stop talking to my friend because everytime I would vent to her she would cry, which my best friend never told me. I've been sent to the school councelor 3 times now because of her. Now all we do is snapchat a few times a day to keep our streak and it hurts because she will never snapchat me first. She doesn't care about me anymore I must of pushed her away because she doesn't even want to talk to me I need to stop snapchatting her. Back when I used to talk to her about things she would tell me before that i just need time to figure things out and that everything will work out and that if I killed myself my family and "friends" will be devastated. Well. I'm tired and I'm sad. I'm a pathetic human being. My family might be sad but honestly they should've seen it coming. My "friends", they will be fine. None of them even knew me anyways I never hung out with them. I hate my body, I wish I was short and not 6 feet tall, I wish that I wasn't a size 12 in shoes, and I wish I wouldn't have to buy everything in large because of my height. im never going to amount to anything. I'll never have real friends. If I kill myself (which would not be tonight) I wouldn't have to deal with anything or anyone and I could just be done. I will kill myself eventually. If it's not in high school then it will be in college. I miss talking to my friend. But I cant upset her anymore. 
I am both mentally and physically exhausted. I am overwhelmed with everything and I can't cope with anything anymore. I want to be an artistic person and create art for people to enjoy but I am not creative nor talented. I feel hopeless.
I've taken the medicine, I've done the therapy. I've tried everything to not be so empty inside and it seems like any relief I've had from my constant misery is fleeting and temporary. At what point can I accept that maybe it just doesn't get any better? I'm so fucking tired of hearing this cliche whenever I open up to someone, there's 7 fucking billion people on this Earth, is it really so unreasonable to assume that it doesn't always get better, or that some people really aren't longed for this world? My whole life I've felt like I'm not supposed to be here, and it eventually got to the point where if I wasn't slashing my thighs open or putting cigarettes out on myself daily then I'd be overwhelmed by the emptiness inside me. These days I honestly don't even have the energy to hurt myself and it honestly feels like I've reached the end. I'm a drain on all my loved ones, I've got no discernable skills and I really just don't even want to live to see the end of the year.  I've honestly tried to fix myself so I don't feel this way but at this point I genuinely believe I am just a fundamentally broken person 
I'll be ending it soon. I'm 21, alone, have no girlfriend, no real friends, am ugly and the only achievment in my life is being a good programmer. Nobody will care when I go and kill myself, so that's it. Goodbye 
I'm way too much of a pussy to ever actually do it. I'll just constantly think about it as my health, sanity, and any chance at a good life slowly slip away year after year. Maybe 10 or 20 years down the road, when I'm morbidly obese with no family or significant other and I've finally gone down one too many dead ends maybe then I just won't care anymore.
so let me explain, and i donnt particularly want advice on how to get out of this, as ive already tried enough.life began for me in middle school, as i barely remember anything before. i remember some stuff about me being in a dance group and some shit but it doesnt really matter. all that mattered to me was that i was about eleven or so, i had no friends, my parents are fucked up people and that im going to end up being a product of my environment. i was an absolute nerd. i had playdates with my two best friends that fucked me over in high school. i had really nothing to my life of any value. so middle school sucked. my parents were going through a divorce and they mixed me in with all their batshit crazy ideas on how to parent (one of them involved sharing a house which made it the center of violence between them). i had my fair share of kidnappings and being told to shut my mouth for many occasions of your local shitty neighborhood mess of a family. my older brother, younger brother and younger sister were pretty much not there for everything that i experienced, and theyre completely oblivious to the fact that anything actually happened. typical for these eggheads.so i have insane parents that kinda fucked up my life. i had shitty grades, almost got expelled for writing a death threat meant for my new stepdad, and i had no friends, except for this one kid, who ill name john. john was a very special type of person, the kind that you arent really friends with but at the same time you cant consider them dead to you. a bit more than aquaintances, as we shared our time together playing dota 2, which ended up ruining my life. we shared some weird ass ideas to shoot up a school or two, but let those childish ideas slip off our shoulder as we kept some strange distance between us. he was the only real friend i had had for a long time. i had some best friends and other people that seemed important to me, but there were only a few that i actually gave a shit about, ill name them sue and jack. sue was a year above me, and jack and i were in a band together in fifth grade (among the only things i remember) and we grew up together. but everyone else in my life was either abusive, ill informed of my disposition to existing, etc. so those were the only real people in my life.then came high school. first year, i had this other friend that was in said band, his name was ethan. ethan was the type of kid who would gang up on someone just for approval. that being said, he grew on my nerves and i had to deal with a year of bullying from him. i guess i didnt really care that much. in this first year, it was a fresh-ish start. i joined a nerd club and did nerd things. i got into music because i wanted to impress people with wonderwall at the eighth grade trip or something. i kinda started my life that year, and it was shitty. i spent most of it dealing with my new stepdad and stepmother and the emotions that followed that. i lived with my mother, who was an insane power hungry motherfucker. i really dont like her. my stepdad was even worse. but they put me through a lot of shit to say the least, and kinda left me fucked up. i told them that i had been given a noose by ethan and she kinda passed it off as unimportant, not even engaged enough to contact ethans mother, but i digress. so first year ended, i went to a nerd camp, showed off some dance moves and made some friends. i still kinda talk to them but i havent really talked with anyone in a long while so yeah. that summer was alright. i lived a week at moms and a week at dads and it didnt bother me too much, with the occasional "i dont want to live anymore because i hate all of you" here and there. at the camp, i met this girl, jess. jess was your typical "holy shit i never knew someone could be this beautiful" mixed in with your average christian. i talked with her for a long while, tried to get her into me, but failed nonetheless. we didnt even live in the same state, so after sophomore year started, she broke stuff off with me and i never heard from her again (until next year, keep reading)there was a girl, her name is gonna be jenny. jenny was the type of girl that you really shouldnt try to have a relationship with but you do anyway and it fucks you up when all you want is that feeling of being important to someone. kinda messed me up. i got so sexually and idealistically attatched that i thought she would be my one but she was kinda just a person to make out with whenever i felt alone. she was fine with that. then i talked to this other girl online, got attatched, got fucked up and broke things off when she met a real person to love her. they broke up later that year, which was kinda sad. then came Kiran.I capitalize Kiran because she was a real fucker uper. me being the shitty ass kid that wanted to feel something in life all the while pretending like im the living being that is above all my peers and shit. Kiran was the person that made me realized how fucked up i was and how i really needed help. so she called my parents, told them theyre fucked up and that they need to get me help. i got a therapist right after, and cut things off with her. all the while im taking ap us history, which is one of the worst classes ive ever taken. it killed me to the point of resorting to cutting for relief. i dont know how people can manage anything like that class. so i got some entry level help, cool shit and all. didnt do much for me. kept with that therapist for a while. but on the inside, i could feel myself dying. it was spring of sophomore year when i really felt like everything in my life was coming to an end. then i met another girl, dated her, broke up. but then Dylan came along.Dylan was a special type of fucked up. theyre the kind of person to go around saying theyre feminist all the while discriminating against other feminists. i met her when i was still dating the last girl, and this is where the story gets really wonky. i was dating this girl, very happy and very okay with everything, then i met Dylan. the day i met her, she convinced me that i lost all my love for the previous girl and that i loved her more than anything in the world. you could probably imagine this idea fucking someone up, and it did to the point where it made me fall for her eventually. then we dated. she messed me up so bad that i still havent recovered, and its been a year and a half since then. mind you that my depression is getting worse and im getting to a point where nothing in my life seems to matter and that im doing all this for nothing. then she raped me, emotionally abused me, and broke up with me. she then went on to fuck with me for about five months, leave me alone for one, then come back and fuck me up again. she convinced me that all my friends were shit, and i broke it all off with everyone. then she left and i didnt have anyone to turn to. that september was one of the first times i tried to commit suicide. guess what my parents did?nothing. they told me to get over myself, that im being selfish. they pushed me to genuinely think that i was in the wrong for ever bringing them to try to help me. so i ended up really fucked up. so let's recap so far: **shitty middle school, shitty high school start, shitty parents, shitty friends and shitty relationships. what next?**so this is junior year now. i decided to fuck everything and move to my dads, as well as come out as gay and gender netural/fluid. i decided to fuck all my friendships, go towards a life of music and art while talking to people to try and make myself feel a bit better, ultimately failing. i tried doing what everybody told me (mainly sue): "help yourself" so i did and it didnt do anything for me. i dated another girl and it didnt do anything for me, and im still sorry i ever thought doing that would fix me or whatever. she deserved better. with my entire life flipped, nothing changed. i was told that i had a sister that died early on in her life. i was told that i might have made up everything in my head, but i didnt believe it. i was diagnosed as bipolar and with massive depressive disorder, basically nothing new. life was already shit and i ddint enjoy anything. i was making music and talking to people to pretty much destroy my life but that didnt change anything. Dylan came "back" just to fuck with me more, and i had occasional conversations with Kiran that fucked me up more. i was pretty much a walking suicide waiting to happen. i still am. so last summer, i got "help" from meds and a hospitalization that didnt do anything. i was cutting more than ever, not eating at all, and pretty much screwing up everything else in my life. meds didnt do shit. hospital didnt do shit. i spent the whole summer in bed. so then this year started. i got hospitalized after my dad beat me up. didnt help. new meds, didnt help. nothings helping. i just really want to be done with this shit. i dont find anything enjoyable. i try to lie to myself and think that its not so bad, but when i go to bed, i realize that its another full day that i could have been fine without living. there hasnt been a day since my multiple attempts that i actually found worthy of living. theres some cool people and cool music out there but at the end of the day, i dont enjoy any of it and would rather die. im not afraid of ending my life, as i didnt really think id get far beyond where im at now. i just got stitches for my leg. i cut it pretty bad. the only thing that is keeping me going is just wanting to rewatch this anime. i dont have any motivation, any goals, anything that could be consiered worthy of my life or time outside of being dead. i dont really want anything other than just ending it all as soon as i can. i want this to be the last night i have to deal with this. i dont want to live my life. i died a very long time ago, and im just a corpse waiting to bleed out eventually, or starve to death or something. im just waiting. i just want it to end. i dont really find anything worthy. i just want it to end.if i dont end my life tonight, then my life is going to be nothing but doing what others tell me to do before i am naturally selected by starvation, bleeding out or something else like that. if i live beyond tonight, you can all pronounce me dead as of tonight. i died a very long time ago. im just putting my body to rest. so goodnight. if i respond tomorrow, just know youre talking to a corpse. just know youre talking to a person that became a product of this environment. just know that i, rhys gabriel, died on november 27th, 2016. so goodnight, and goodbye. i hope i see you all in a better place than this. to my mother: i hated how you chose him. he is garbage. to my older brother: you fucking suck as pissing in the god damn toilet. to my younger brother: single player games are much more fun. to my younger sister: get over yourself you privileged brat. to john: i really liked you, and i hope you actually do fly to mongolia or wherever and fuck shit up, youre a fucking legend man. to my dad: fuck you for keeping me alive when i am already dead you selfish bastard. to ethan: fuck off you rich ass motherfucker, we only wanted you in the band because your dad was rich enough to buy you drums and you couldnt even play them you little shit. to my stepdad: youre not my dad you lying sack of shit. to my stepmom: i dont hate you but i just dislike you enough to not enjoy your existence. to my teachers: sorry for making you grade my shit. to my first therapist: you were pretty cool but honestly you kinda sucked at helping me out but i still think youre cool. to sue: im sorry for putting you through so much shit and i think you deserve to be compensated, so you can inherit all my guitars and records, i wont need them even if i live on. to jack: honestly your gf right now is a little bit stuck up and i think you could do better. to Kiran: fuck you but also thanks i guess. to jenny: i cant forgive you for cutting off communication with me but honestly thanks for listening for the long while. to jenny: god dammit you need to fucking shave your face you fucking slob. to the girl that im rather indifferent about: im rather indifferent about you. to the girl before Dylan: your dad is an asshole but so are you. to the girl i dated last year: im still really sorry, you were like the only real person in my life and i kinda blew you off, you deserve so much better than me and i hope you find your guy or girl or whatever. to Dylan:holy shit i could write a fucking novel for you. first off: i fucking hate your guts. you dont deserve anything other than shit, as you are the sole reason i am a walking corpse right now. second, i hope your dad tells you that youre an unreasonable bitch and that you should stop lying about your dead brother and get over yourself, and accept that you arent as fucked up as you think you are. third, for gods fucking sake, stop pretending that you are almighty and powerful, you have cancer and are gonna die in about ten years so at least enjoy your fucking life you sack of shit. grow the fuck up. fucking hate you man. so i guess youd like a tldr. i guess tldr: life is fucked up and i have no reason to really do anything else with my life other than die so if i dont do that tonight then i will be a corpse forever. goodnight.
She made me happier than i had ever been before in my life. Then yesteday she told me that she couldn't keep lying anymore. She had been cheating on me for a few months, and she finally had to choose between me and him. And she chose him.I feel so completely worthless right now. She made me so, so happy. She was everything to me. And now i've lost everything. I'm thinking of killing myself. What the hell am i supposed to do? I can't imagine any reason to stay alive anymore.
Still no girlfriend, have a criminal record, no job, no saving and $180 to my name. I have saved up 7 bars of xanax and tomorrow I am gonna get couple bundle of Heroins, then I am gonna find somewhere to off myself for good. I can't stand my parent at all, they always said that they would have been better off if I was dead or never been born, so even if I don't overdose again. I am gonna purposely get myself in a high speed chase then get the police to shoot me one way or the others. I have no purpose in life and nothing to look forward to in life anymore. I will finally be free tomorrow. 
Today I've decided to die. I'm looking for ways to fill this empty Heart of mine. Maybe I'll fill it with soil From the ground, Or maybe some saltwater From the sea. Today I've decided to stay,and watch the inevitable sun to cast its rays To people who still Find it beautiful. I do not know what it meant; I do not know what Am I to anybody. Today I've decided to die. The last stream of tears gave relief to my brittle bones,All vigor and juice gone,all but that desire. I want to see myself in another light. When I love, love wouldLove me back. That love would embrace me in all my tired brain And confessions, of How much I could Surrender to a soulI give my heart to. But the world said IAm weak, and to it,now,I believe. All those reels I made,The poems I've written,All of themare nothing now.My muse can't save me,Not this time. so, today, I've decided to die. And how I wish I could Still save myself. How I wish i could still See day. I'm sorry. ...all I want is a hug right now. Thank you overwatch for trying to fill that void, but I guess, even my beloved game can't save me. I love you all. Thank you
When I smoke I hear voices and feel like I'm losing my mind. I hear ringing and what sounds like my family fighting saying I should be kicked out. This has happened to me the last few times I've smoke and has left ripples in my normal life. I've lost my temper aggressively for no reason, I get intrusive thoughts wondering if I'll end up becoming a murder, if I could fuck some girl if I text her even though sex doesn't even really feel good to me. It sometimes became difficult to differentiate how I'm feeling on a personal and I often feel suicidal. Ive experienced derealization after smoking that felt like it bled a whole week. Its as if I feel have two personalities. I have the quiet me that thinks he's sweet and a good talker, then I become someone who thinks he's a detriment to life and that everyone hates him and is against him for a little bit. Ive been pondering this idea for a whole and before co caused I was bipolar. But when these voices appear when smoking and these thoughts race through my mind randomly I feel as if I'm just now developing schizophrenia. I'm 19 not going to school, working at a place I hate, im always tired, I basically lost all my friends and only play video games in work. So sometimes I focus on all the pathetic I think about within myself and feel depressed and lost. I can't tell if I'm only noticing that my mood and what feels like thoughts change randomly just because I recently smoked or if I'm going insane. I have a therapist and I have difficulty talking to him for whatever reason. I sometimes think it's anxiety and I don't want to tell him about myself, but then again I love talking about how lost and depressed I am to girls at party's and stuff? It feels like I'm on a wavelength and I'm currently switching personalities within myself and I think I may have that a small amount of that too when I'm not under the influence of weed. Its hard for me to recollect my memories well and I currently am having extreme difficulty just varying the thoughts to type this fluently. I feel as if I ask people the same questions when I see them, especially if I don't know them that well. I can't tell if that's because I got diagnosed with anxiety and have trouble talking to people or if that's just the persona I chose to use at that point. I also just space out. No thought so anything just staring. Then I think okay let's focus again and I knock knock back into the real world. I also decided to become a rapper out of the blue and my personality drastically changed and all my friends that I was genuinely crazy and basically stopped talking them to me once that happened. But then they still talk to me and ask me to visit whenever I want and such. I don't know if my music is bad because I've showed plenty of people and I've freestyled a lot and everyone has said I'm really good. I sometimes feel like I love it and I don't. I would want to spend my whole life making music and living a lavish life and then I'll think that I am absolute garbage and have no foreseeable future in music. It give some so much goddamn anxiety thinking I suck. If anyone's interested I'd love to get someone's feedback on a track. I've sadly lost motivation to try to have a future with music after like half a year and now I just work at Jimmy Johns. It depresses me and makes me feel like garbage when I think about how much a failure I am cause I'm not in college and I just work and live under my families roof. I also felt like my grandparents and other people in my family have schizophrenia and that I might have a higher chance of actually attaining the disease. My grandma is very mean and unreasonably stubborn and a complete hypocrite/liar. My grandpa goes from yelling at me over the absolutely smallest thing and then be at the same time be taking my garbage out of my room for me every night, washing the dishes without being asked, puts my clothes in the washer, and can have really genuine moments when he's kind. I literally came home today and asked if it was okay to park my car on the sidewalk, which my grandma replied to yes. I then asked well can I pull my mom's car into the garage then? My grandpa upstairs then in the middle of my sentence screams "you better not park on the street or you'll get another ticket". I start saying "I know I'm going to ask mom for her keys so I can move the car". My grandpa completely dodges my response and constantly repeats that I'll get a ticket if I park on the street. It gets so repetitive that I have to yell at him that "I know, I'm asking mom if I can pull in her car!!. This happens often. He also asks me a question, then I'll clearly reply, and he'll ask me" What?" I can't tell if he's crazy or if doesn't hear me cause he's like almost 70 years old. My mom has been constantly talking about the guy she's went on a date with that night, with my grandma downstairs very loudly, or she's complaining about politics. I have 2 aunts who have schizophrenia and my grandpa got heavily abused by his dad as a kid, and that grandpa of mine seemed so kind my whole life. I actually didn't believe that he was abusive for a pretty decent amount of time until my grandma explained it to me sentimentally. My grandma has also told me she would leave my grandpa if she had the money, so who knows how she really feels. I do love listening to music thought. I write lyrics often and have around 200 memos on my android and like 40 memos on my iPhone of complete songs or lyrics. I get told I'm talented and some people when I ask if they enjoy it swiftly and confidently reply back "I don't even like rap and really like your music." I wish I believed in my music and worked on it all the time like I did before because I think I could make something with thiz. I then will sometimes think believing in my music is stupid and that I'll never make it because of both the difficulty a c because I feel I straight suck. I listen to music all the time thought. Especially when going to sleep. I've always had some sort of problems sleeping, usually consisting of me having racing thoughts throughout the night. But music calms that and makes me focus on it and sleeping. It shuts my mind up literally and puts me to sleep. I did it more often from a kid, up to hs, then I do now. I've always been good at English in school and I despise school. I hate sitting in a desk, having homework learning about all these things I have no interest in and will never make use of. And I would have to pay this by myself entirely, so is it worth even bothering with? I do then sometimes think that school is the only way I'll ever have success in life about. That in return, is smothered by self doubts in my abilities and how much I hate classes. See my problem? I can't have this unified person that is always fluid in his choices. I see so many people around me at work who seem to have such a consistent and reasonable personality. Like they're all in character and I'm just there. I have difficulty reading social cues as well along with responding to people during conversations as I would want toEdit: for a little more info I relate to nearly everything this person wrote apart from thinking my friends are going to harm me https://www.reddit.com/r/Drugs/comments/2e70l5/when_i_smoke_weed_i_get_voices_in_my_head_i_get/

I don't want to live anymore but I'm scared to actually commit, I wish someone would just pull the trigger for me, I don't want to fuck up and live. I wish I could just sleep eternally. 
I thought I would find motivation in college but I didn't. I've let everyone down and wasted my life. I'm dropping out of college because I'm a fucking retard apparently. I love my mom so much, she said she would kill herself if I died. Apparently my suicide will also kill my mom, as if I wasn't horrible enough. I'm ending my mom's bloodline tomorrow. My grandma risked everything just for me to ruin it with my selfishness. I was given every opportunity. I was born in America, upper middle class, got into a good school, i have loving friends and family. I'm so sorry. I didn't deserve anything given to me. I have no real reason to want to die and yet here I am. I'm hanging myself tomorrow. I wish I could express to my mom how much I want her to live on, I love her so much.
May 15. This painful version of what my life once was is too much to bear and I'm running out of hope.
TL;DR: Lack of meaningful connections in life makes me feel empty, prone to sudden but strong feelings of suicide. The thoughts I've been having about suicide tend to grow in a snowball effect; I'll begin to contemplate the idea, and before I know it I'm dealing with very real and very scary urges to end it right there (I have no plan, but I worry as I've always had an impulsive side)I don't want to die, it terrifies me. I want to be better more than anything, but as time goes along I see less and less of an alternative. In those moments when the urges are the strongest I'd do anything.Recently I've been living abroad, where I spent 6 months almost in complete isolation. These months have taken a huge toll on me emotionally, and has basically worsened the general problems I've been dealing with all my life.A bit of background information:Went through periods of neglect and abuse as a kid, never gained any qualifications, dropped out of sixth form (British version of high school) 3 times. I was bullied mercilessly throughout my school years, and it seemed like every day I was reminded of the fact I was a freak and loner. I've yet to have one close friend. After I left,  I began to enter a cycle that I'm still repeating today, move somewhere new in search of a fresh start and the possibility of reaching out to new people who never knew me as the 'easy target' at school. However, I feel doomed to failure every time, as I'm a permanent outcast everywhere I go. I drop out, stop seeing people, start isolating myself and barely leave the house. Then I decide to escape by leaving for some other city/wherever. And so it continues. I really do like other people, I love spending time in company, and I really do want close connections with people but I just don't understand why I can't form these connections. I feel like I'm not fit for other people and I'm hindering them. I don't want to be the person everybody talks to out of pity, but I can't shake the feeling that this is who I am. I suppose I am a little naive and eccentric, but always the kid with their nose pressed up against the glass, watching other people's happiness from afar. I've had 3 relationships in my life, one ended up very toxic and all three relationships have ended before the 6 month mark.I especially find myself intimidated yet wanting of friendship with women (purely platonic, I am a straight woman myself). I don't know, I just crack under the pressure of it, if that makes sense.I've always been a huge fan of art and consider myself somewhat talented, and it has always been a huge boost of confidence, but lately I've barely even picked up a pencil. I'm worried I'm losing my touch, and I'm scared that I'm losing my one passion in life.I'm kind of trailing off here, so I'll leave it at that, but I desperately needed to get my thoughts on paper (or typed out) for others to see. I just don't want to be the only person who knows anymore.
I feel like a complete failure, I've done nothing with my life. Granted i'm only a 16 year old girl. But the more i age the more i feel pressure. I realize i have to grow up and take on the responsibilities my parents place on me. Due to my past with sexual abuse and verbal its really effected me. I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder, now that i type it the worst it sounds, as well as ptsd. Lately i cant take the stress, and now i'm failing the second quarter (i'm in 10th grade) I've had all thanksgiving break to do my work Instead i laid in bed on my laptop crying or watching anime. I'm a loser, I'm lame, a leech, good for nothing. I tell myself that everyday and its harder hearing it coming from my mother too. I don't see myself getting out of this. I feel trapped and no amount of therapy will ever make me feel otherwise . I've been contemplating suicide ever since i was 12, now it seems like its a possible option and if i have the chance i,m going to take it. Before school starts back up during Christmas break i plan to take my life. My parents have guns in this house and all i need to do is find an opening. I plan to do my best in school and have as much fun with my friends until then. I don't want anyone to worry about me. I wont feel regret cause ill be dead anyway, i might as well make my last days on earth as enjoyable as possible.
I'm going to be going back to college later tonight, though I'm reluctant about doing so. The student part of me wants me to just go back to school and be ready for class on Monday, but the other part of me feels that I'm going to feel more overwhelmed than I can handle.Campus police have been rather rough with me, in my opinion, to say the least. I have chronic depression and/or possibly other mental disorders. I don't want to go back to campus because it sets off a lot of mental triggers in my mind. Certain locations or sounds trigger me. I tend to panic whenever I hear walky-talkies because I feel like campus police are after me, even if the walky-talkies I hear are only from custodians or other staff. I avoid sleeping on the left side of my head because campus police tackled me down to bring me to a mental hospital and I hit the left side of my head on the concrete fairly hard. I still have bruises/scars from that incident even though it was awhile ago. Laying down and having pressure on that part of my head just causes me to visually and audibly play out that event in my head.I'm not quite fond of the police department at my school due to those events as well as other events. If I go back to campus, I don't want to die or commit suicide there. I just don't like the idea of campus police poking around my corpse. But I don't really want to die, and I don't want to drop out of college or take medical leave either especially near the end of the academic term. I just want to actually enjoy my college experience and life in general.I don't even have a full day to know what to do. I'm considering writing wills and suicide notes just in case because I just don't know how things will play out.
Again. For the second time ever. I'm deformed and I don't want to live anymore. Why does dying have to be so expensive? 
I get too worked up over everything. Every failure is the end of the world. Every rejection sends me over the edge. I just wasn't made to deal with life.What's the best, surefire way to kill myself? It can't fail. It has to work. Hanging? 

I'm sorry everyone but I just can't keep on living
I'm 16. I have a two year old brother that I don't want to leave behind. That's the only thing that's making me hesitate. I don't have the pills yet, but Im going to take methotrexate (chemo pill). I don't know where I'm going to do it yet. I don't want my family to be the ones to find me. I just know I want to be out in nature by myself where things are quiet. I've got a couple letters written out, one to my only true best friend and the other for my mom. My moms will be the longest because I need her to understand. I have no friends, I sit at home all week talking to no one all day. I would make plans with people but I'm truly friendless. My only friend I mentioned above is graduating next month, and due to being in foster care, she has to move out of her foster home soon as she's 18 which is around the same time she's graduating. She's leaving town so I know I won't get to see her because im barely able to now. My mom's too busy for me. I stopped taking my zoloft because it made me sick and dizzy, my mood only improved for a month when I took them. By the end of that month, my emotions leveled out then eventually started going down hill and i started feeling worse and worse everyday. I'm at my lowest point, usually anger or stressful situations trigger suicidal thoughts, but now it's on my mind everyday. Even on my good days, it's like a shadow lurking around. I don't want help or to be talked out of it, I've made many cries for help and many people are aware of how I feel. They just don't care. The same people just tell me I need to stop being negative. Yesterday someone commented on one of my posts that I need to "stop being a pessimist" and "if I want my life to change I need to get off my ass and change it". This came from someone I've known since elementary but I don't talk to them and they're not a friend of mine, and of course like 5 other people who I'm friends with on facebook liked it as well. I'm angry at people. I'm angry for being treated like shit, I'm angry because I reach out and get ignored even when I just want to hangout for some company. I'm fucking despise the people who tell me to stop being negative when they have what I lack. It's easy to be positive and happy when youre life is going good, but I wish people would understand that just because you love your life and you're happy, doesn't mean every one else has to be happy and love life. Especially if you have something another person wants. I want to make people feel guilty and bad for me killing myself. I hate life and I hate them and I want them to know it. I want them to regret treating me like shit, I want them to know that how you treat other people has consequences, like suicide. I'm angry all the time. I'm angry myself at myself for being born looking the way I do, I'm angry at the world, society, and other people. I can't hear others have a conversation without my head throbbing and wanting to punch them in the throat. I got diagnosed years ago with major depression, unspecified anxiety, BDD, and I've recently began showing signs of bipolar or borderling personality. I live in a little shitty agriculture town in washington. There's no good counselors who can actually help you improve unless you want to drive all the way to seattle (or farther) and cough up $300+ for one session. I have no choice but to go to some shitty place on the 22nd of this month where the workers honestly don't really know what to do (I've gone to this place before) with people who have severe depression and disorders such as bipolar and borderline. I don't have a car, I can't get a job, I have no friends, I dropped out of school and now I do these work packets and only go to school 2 hours a week. If I don't kill myself, I've made the decision that I'll just start finding other drugs to do. I smoke weed all the time, I'm getting bored of it. I need something strong  but cheap. I don't want to be talked out of this, I just need to learn how to go through with it and accept it and to not be scared.
It's been almost three years since posting here, so there's the one positive thing I'm going to throw in this post. I don't even know where to begin. I'm a 22 year-old, slightly-overweight, stoner who has no motivation to better himself. My job pays decent for retail, but I find myself moving sideways instead of up despite my excellent performance, this has caused me to lose motivation in my place of employment as well as frustration in that I can't find anything this good without college experience or experience at that place of work. As much as I'd love to go back to college (it would shut my judgmental parents the f*** up), I just don't know what my passion is. I don't know what I want to do for the next 50-60 years of my life. I don't even have the motivation to look. A lot of my depression stems from extensive bullying and stigma from my parents due to me being a homosexual. The said stigma has led to me having a raging hatred for my family (even though my parents are the only ones who perpetuate it). I know there's been some  warning about politics on here, but another factor in my overall headspace lately is the results of the election. As a homosexual, I've never felt so hated by my country. The cabinet that the President-Elect has put together so far only furthers my anxiety. I actually hate this country (U.S.A.) now. Plus, my extra-conservative boyfriend (whom I love dearly with all my heart) just doesn't understand my recent emotional troubles. He doesn't understand my depression and how I can go from completely introverted and not wanting to interact with ANYONE to desiring all the company I can get. Which brings me to another part. I would say I don't have real friends anymore. None of my IRL friends interact with me anymore. I shake with blinding rage when they post about themselves hanging out and having fun, while I sit here lonely with my cancerous emotions. Anyways, probably missed a lot. I can't really keep a straight train of thought at all anymore. I'll be hanging around the comments for awhile to clarify and expand on my statements. If I don't find any reason to live tonight, I'm just going to hang myself. Already got a noose tied and a meaningful spot picked.
I have no other options at this point. I'm waiting for the holidays to end and then I basically have to kill myself. I've failed out of school. I have $30,000 in debt. I don't care to struggle for years and years to pay this off. I already lost the desire/drive to work towards anything(why I'm failing out). So I've accepted that I have to end it in January.I would just like to know how I can save my family any extra trouble. The private school loans are in my name only. I have federal loans which are in my name only(I assume).I have ~$6000 in a 401K.I have a few hundred on a credit card and a few hundred more in a checking account.Is there anything I need to handle before it's done? As far as I know my parents are immune to my debt since they didn't cosign the private loans.I need to find a clean way to do it. So i'm not disfigured after.I'm trying to spend time with the family so that they will have some good memories at least.What else can I do?
Over the past couple weeks I've gone numb, I've never been this apathetic and numb before or felt so suicidal.. on a second thought I don't even feel suicidal, I just feel like I'm already dead in a sense that I'm just suffering every single second of the minute, day, hour.I guess I'm just waiting for the right time, right moment to go for it... I'm convinced this world is not for me.
All of my friends don't give a shit what happens to me. I opened up to one of them and all they said was "This can wait til later" and then gave me the suicide hotline number. That's it. They don't care enough to actually talk to me when I am in need of a friend. To make matters worse, they are sending me pics of them hanging out with friends, even though they know that my loneliness is a contributor to my depression. I tried slitting my wrist but the blade is too dull. It didn't cut. I want to go out as painless as possible and sawing my wrist is NOT painless.
So I've just lost the love of my life, my fianc and who I thought was my soulmate. I was verbally abusive to her so I deserve to be left. All our friends have seen it and despise me. I grew up in an abusive household, my mother was an alcoholic and my father left when I was 2. I was with my fianc for almost 9 years, and in those 9 years my dad died from a heart attack, my grandpa died from heart failure, and my mom was murdered. Her boyfriend punched her and she had a brain hemmorage, probably worsened due to the alcohol in her system. All of this together turned me into a monster with a temper and I used my words to hurt the one person thatoved me in this world, and now she's moving out this month and has told me she has feelings for her best friend. I am absolutely crushed and I just don't want to go on living this failed attempt at a life. I always thought I was a good guy but this time I've realized I'm really a piece of shit. I've never felt this much pain, even when my mom passed away.
i hate my life, i hate my bipolar disorder, i hate being scizophrenic, i hate being depressed, i hate being anxious, i hate living, i want to die, I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT!I swear im at my fucking breaking point. I feel like cutting every single minute second etc of my life. It pains me to feel like this.I dont want to but i want my pain to end. God help me
Okay so here's the thing, I have struggled with depression and anxiety and all of the things that can come from the both of them all my life. I thought that I was finally Getting somewhere for a while. I at the time was with someone that I thought I would be with my whole life and they left me and want nothing to do with me. I have lost several people to suicide in the past few years. I had so much stress and anxiety I couldn't hold my job or even live by myself anymore. I lost everything I had worked so hard for in a matter of a couple of months.I'm not saying I am the worst of person in the world. I have family and friends who are trying to help me out and who do genuinely care about me.However I have been getting professional help and trying everything and do everything I am being told to do to try and feel better but I just can't.Every second to me is torture. I can't enjoy anything. I don't have anything to work towards any more. I don't have anything I want to accomplish. I don't have anything. I have completely and utterly lost the will to live.I truly don't believe that there is anything anyone can do or say that will help at this point.  People have tried to do everything they can for me and I have tried to help myself.I just feel like I am broken beyond repaid and a lost cause.I don't think I can go on like this much longer.
Graduated top of my class, still living in poverty.Making minimum wage in most states. Can't find a decent job.Can't pay billsNo friends, intimate relationships, not much familyCan't afford depression treatment, no healthcare, or money for medsNo kind of fun or personal life.Just spent Thanksgiving alone.I don't see why suicide isn't a legit choice for me.I did everything right and my life turned out to be shitty.I don't know what to do
It's impossible living like this.  I've screwed up a lot in my life but I have always picked myself up. Been fired a lot but usually leave the past behind and move on.  Now, it's different.  Depression and anxiety has ruined me, and I did something last month that caused me to hate myself.  I was so upset after this crazy mistake, and it made me realize my mental health is deteriorating.  I'm an attractive woman and I pulled out all my hair in the last 2 months. I've been out of work since May and now having no hair is not helpful.  I'm screwing up my job interviews and messed upan offer.  This is not like me.  I don't understand why I'm ruining my life, my looks and why I hate myself now when I have made mistakes and messed up in the past and never hated myself then. I'm not eating or taking care of myself or my dog.  I'm ready to die at 35 and wish I was a different person.  I'm single with no family.  I've always been able to take care of myself until now.  No one loves me but I never cared because I used to love me.  If I don't love me anymore why go on?  I've been trying to go back to my old self I've ruined my life.  I'm broke, unemployed, ruined my career. Everything I have worked for I have destroyed.  I clearly hate myself so killing myself makes sense.
I've been seeing a therapist for a while about my anxiety and depression. She knows that I occasionally have suicidal ideation/thoughts of dying on a pretty predictable schedule.I recently told her about some thoughts I was having before. Feelings of hopelessness and helpnessness, that I was am a failure and useless and that the only option was to kill myself. I mentioned visualizing how I would do it.She recommended that if I begin having thoughts like that again I should at check myself into an inpatient mental health facility, or at least go to the hospital. We've begun discussing possible places to go and how to deal with telling friends/family members and missing work.I am unsure if I should really go though. I am afraid the suicidal thoughts are going to pop up again... I know they will, they always do and it is hard not to despair. In those moments I really do feel like I should be somewhere until I am stabilized and possibly put on meds. But I also know deep down I am not going to kill myself, and these feelings always pass with time.I'm just not really sure if my symptoms are severe enough to warrant inpatient treatment. I have an appointment for an evaluation with a psychologist in a couple of weeks, and feel I would at least like to wait until then and see what she has to say before committing myself to hospitalization.I don't know what to do. Sometimes I feel like I can handle it out here in the real world and that I am committed to getting better, but sometimes I feel like it's too much and I need to be somewhere away from it all for a while.
My suicidal thoughts have been growing more persistent and specific over the course of the last day or so.  I was hoping I would be able to manage this on my own. 
I'm back at it again. It seems that even if I try to take my meds correctly and try to be positive I always end up like this. I think I need to be admitted again. I don't want to live, but I don't want to kill myself. My family around me are supportive but not. I have been in my room for 3 days in the dark, barely eating and instead of sensing someone is concerned I feel like I am burdening the holidays where family has come in to visit (not me).  I am thinking about going to the hospital. I am so confused, scared and alone. I have no one to really talk about this with. 
I want to die.  I hate everyone in my life for not letting me.
It's frustrating, because people will tell me how they don't want me to die... but last time I was in the ER alone for 7 hours before being admitted I realized people don't really care about ME. No matter who you are, even if you're amazing and successful and not a shitty human like I am, people are always going to care about themselves more than you. That's the truth of it.This is MY fucking life. I'm the one who cares the most about it, and I decide when I want it to end. In the end, it's every person for themself. Fuck everything.I'm sorry for my poor organization/grammar if that was hard to read I am struggling with brain fog from depression and I don't know what I'm saying most of the time.
So, recently my sister attempted suicide by hanging (she's 22).She was passed out but it appeared that there was no damage. How long will they keep her in the hospital/psych ward? I haven't heard back.One of my friends who also did hanging was only in there for two days. But I heard the usual is three days. How long would she probably be there? We're in the US by the way (NY specificially.)

I hate existence. There's a constant scenario playing in my head where I put a bullet through my head. Another is of myself getting in a ghastly accident, like final destination or something. I get "fits". I can't actually yell, because other people might find it odd. So, at least 10 times every day I have to rush about to find a solitary place, usually a bathroom, and do a silent scream. There's an almost contant yelling inside my head. It's mostly profanity. Directed against myself and my mother. I've dissociated from reality and society to such a point that I can't enjoy *anything* anymore. I'm constantly looking for an audience at this point. I feel like something went wrong in my brain due to prolonged isolation durig my formative years. People commented when I was 15, that I don't spend much time socializing. Now, I'm almost 22 with no change in my situation. At college, I am somewhat famous for being 'the quiet dude'. In my family, it's canon that to meet me you'll have to call me or barge into my room. I phase-out a lot. I don't feel like a person. I feel like the rest of humanity is something different from me. I can't talk to anyone about anything. I feel hatred towards other people just because they can be something that I'm not. I'm a 22 years old dude with the angst of a teenager. I used to be an avid reader, now I forget everything about a book as soon as I finish it. I can't finish watching movies because I get really bored and feel like I'm being suffocated by myself. Music is just noise, unles someone is screaming about murdering people, which I think is a proxy way for my brain to calm down. I wasn't allowed to have a life. I can't remember anyhthing anymore. I feel like there's someone else making my body do stuff, while by brain, or "I", is bouncing around thoughts in a closed container. And it's been getting more and more violent and apathetic. Like Sandy Hook violent. When I see other people, I don't want them to exist anymore. At first I grew indifferent to their existence. Then I got annoyed by it. Then I got angry. I see people, and all I want is for them to die along with their loved ones. I keep browsing /r/watchpeopledie, because it still makes me somewhat.....shocked, numbed or such. Maybe afraid or something. I can't really tell. I guess this quote from a book I read might have some insight. Because I'm not introspective enough to figure it. "The men would all say that they had died, Gilligan said. These were the most incorrigibly violent characters. They would all say that they themselves had died before they started killing other people. What they meant was that their personalities had died. They felt dead inside. They had no capacity for feelings. No emotional feelings. Or even physical feelings. So some would cut themselves. Or they would mutilate themselves in the most horrible ways. Not because they felt guilty - this wasnt a penance for their sins - but because they wanted to see if they had feelings. They found their inner numbness more tormenting than even the physical pain would be."The best part is, I used to be somewaht normal. If you want a case against love, my situation is it. My mother's love and protection literally killed me. And to be honest, do whatever you may I won't be helped anymore. I've already tried suicide twice. One time I was so drunk, I passed out before I went through. And this time I won't be convinced. I've written a note. Once I send it to my brother and father, I'm gonna get drunk and cut my wrists.And let's be honest. No one wants to help anyone like me. I can successfully predict everything people will say if they know what I'm *really* thinking. "This is depression. You must seek help". I would have if I could. "I'm here if you need to talk."You'll fuck off after two mesages and all you will ever repeat is same old shit that's in the auto-biographies of the terminally ill.What's the point of going on, if I've got nothing to look forward to? I'm not interested in anything anymore. There's no meaning to my life. I'm not a part of society.  I can't stand existence, if all it has in store for me is anger and pain. 
I don't know how I got to this point. I am so confused, broken, and lost. Most of all I feel alone. I don't matter. I just don't. 
Where do I even start? My life's been crumbling for about 5 years now. It just seems like whenever I try to do something to be happy or make my life better, it fucks up. Really, I've tried my fucking best... it just feels like an always losing battle. It doesn't help that I'm alone all the time either, I just stay in my room, at my parents house. We've had a big fight which has led me to write this, I'm an only child too. I legitimately have nobody. I've somewhat tried suicide before, I tied something together and remember choking near my closet. I thought, just give it another try maybe it will be different this time. It wasn't. I don't know why I'm posting really, I'm too much of a bitch to actually go through with suicide. I actually don't know what to do, I'm 18 with no friends, parents fucking hate me, I have no job and I don't go to school at the moment, although I'm signing up for spring classes. Part of me wants to again say "hey hold on for the near future, it will be better" but another part of me has been let down by that too many times, too cynical to think that way, thinks it absolutely pointless to live anymore. I'm rambling, I don't know anymore, I might try to get a job but I've got bad anxiety and the two times I've attempted to get a job I fuck it up in the interview.
Thanks reddit for the help you have given me, but there's only so much virtual people can do. My life only gets worse. I have no reason to keep living. I'm done with it all. There is no hope. There is no light. There is no point to live anymore. Shit happens, I know. But if thats all that happens, what is the point of living? I've tried overcoming "shit" over and over. I can't. I'm a doomed person. I see no better alternative to dying so I'm killing myself. Goodbye.
Or anyone who was massively depressed with suicidal intentions in the past? I just want to hear your story. I'm too exhausted to talk about myself.right now and I really want to feel hopeful again. 
I don't know what else to do. I am completely and totally fucked.I forgot to submit a final paper before being dragged home for thanksgiving. My paper is on a hard drive at my apartment, thousands of miles away. I didn't realize it until just fucking now. The grade has already been submitted- an F. F for Fuck me. I am now getting kicked out of my PhD program. I cannot have my parents fucking find out about this. I'm a fucking failure at fucking everything. God damn my life. I thought I was past the dark parts of my mental illness where suicide is my solution to everything, but apparently I am fucking not because it is the only fucking solution I can see right now. I am so fucking fucked. It's over. It's done. Everything is over. I have zero options. I am so fucked. I cannot handle this. I cannot fucking handle this. My head is swimming and my vision is blurring and i keep having little moments of blacking out. I am completely and totally without option. Oh dear God it's over. I'm supposed to be a fucking psychotherapist who tells people not to kill themselves, that there's always an option, that it's not all as bad as they think. Yeah well guess what, it's that fucking bad now! And clearly I am not cut out for my work because I just fucking failed out of my degree program!!!! FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK. I am completely and totally fucked. There are no options. There is no way out. There is no hope. I am completely and totally out of choices/options/hope/a chance. My brain is so totally spazzing that I can't even sort my method options out anymore. There is nothing left and I cant even figure out how to end my suffering. God help me
I'm lying in my bead right now. I just finished a 13 hour shift at work and I need to go back early in the morning. I need to be writing an English essay for school, but instead I'm here crying. I used to have friends that cared about me. I even had someone who cared enough about me to say that she liked me. But that's all gone. They told me that I'm too emotional and that I need to find new friends. I miss them. I miss so many people. I go my entire day and all I can think about is my old friends. I listen to songs that remind me of them on repeat. I can barely walk through my school hallways anymore in fear that I'll run into them. Without anyone, I'm nothing. I don't have anyone else to talk to anymore. All I do is go to work and cry. I was admitted into a hospital a few months ago because I had thoughts of attempting, but now I really want to die. Maybe it'll get their attention. It makes me happy to think of how they would react to my death. I just don't know anymore. Someone help.
16 year old trans guy. I hate everything about my body. I want to cut my chest off, I hate the way my hips sway I hate how my hair feels against my neck and back because it's so long I hate how old men leer i hate I can't feel stubble on my neck all my guy friends are bragging about their beards and sharing tips and I feel left out and i hate when I look down _there_ how there's nothing there I hate having to double check my surroundings when I go to the men's room I hate not being able to go to the men's room I hate that girls at school know I'm trans (I'm out at school but I sure as hell don't pass) and they leer when I'm in the bathroom bc they know I'm a boy and I'm a freak that's all I am that's all I'll ever be maybe if I can just slip away I can be a boy in heaven maybe then god will let me have this one thing
I honestly am at rock bottom, I just want to wither away. I realized that I already am withering away because I have a horrendous sleep schedule, only eat when I'm watched... I hate this new version of myself and I want my life back... 
Background: 23M, just lost my virginity at a really really late age this past July, I ended things after a few days though due to her turning out to be very verbally abusive. I've had 1 other long-distance non-serious relationship and my current relationship, which has only been going on for 2 months but I'm not sure if it'll last much longer.Almost all of my other cousins (somewhat around my age) have been very successful with relationships and have had at least one that's lasted a year or more. This past Thanksgiving, my cousin (who's several years younger than me and is in a serious relationship herself) even asked me, "How's the single life going?", which I feel implies that the general sentiment in my family is that I'm the long-term bachelor type that probably won't be with anyone until later in life.I'm really not looking forward to hearing people ask, "Are you seeing anyone? Is it serious? When are you getting engaged?" as well as frantically asking if my friends/family members know if anyone they know is single and having to explain to dates why I haven't had a serious relationship by my late 20's/30s. And don't get me started on having to learn how to be in a serious relationship if I finally find one in my 30s, which just sounds like plain hell. If I haven't found anything meaningful by the time I'm 29/in my late 20s, I'm not sure I'm interested in seeing what my 30s will be like.
I hate this time of year. I hate the holidays. My birthday is in a couple days. All these only remind me how alone I am. I will probably spend my birthday alone again. Same with Christmas. I already spent Thanksgiving alone. No one invites me anywhere even when I show interest. Even when I make the first move. I always end up alone. I wish I had any kind of stable relationship. There must be something wrong with me. I feel like an outsider. I don't belong here. I don't belong anywhere. 
  I'm 31 now and I have no friends except for the ones on Steam/psn ect. My Suicidal thoughts I think are linked to I have no human interaction except from the people at work. I don't know where to go to meet people as I hate bars and clubs. Is there no place where I can go to meet people? I like music, video games (big surprise), Anime and Manga. I fear being alone anymore and just want someone to talk too in real life.
Hey all, I've been feeling really odd for a while now and I just can't keep lying to people, I need to tell someone. For the past year and a half, I've been becoming increasingly discontent with my life. I have everything. Decent grades, a serious place in my future career and contacts to boot, a good college lined up, and a great girlfriend. But still, I feel horrible. My line of work involves being creative, something which really used to make me feel alive, but now I get nothing from it. No enjoyment, no sense of fulfillment, nothing. I have interactions with family, and act cheerful and happy. It's so easy for me to act this way, but it's nothing but a mask. I feel none of the emotions I put into the interaction. I go on dates with my girlfriend, have a great time, but then feel awful afterwards. I contemplate whether I'm faking myself for her sake or not, and I honestly can't even tell the difference anymore.My life holds no emotion anymore, I can't feel anything at all and it's horrible. I don't know why the hell I'm like this but it's making everything meaningless for me and I'm afraid of spiraling out of control. I'm not suicidal I just don't know what I'm doing anymore.
I truly, truly believe that I have absolutely no real impact on this earth whatsoever and the people who love me, like family, only do so because its like an instinctual, relative, intheblood kind of thing; so my no longer existing really wont make any difference at all. I am not good at anything. I am fat. I am ugly. I am a bad person. I am unfixable. I am lonely. I am different. I am not ambitious. I am unhappy in everything I do. I am unable to make others happy. I have no abilities, talents or personality traits that make any difference to the world in any way.I have no friends. I am a terrible girlfriend. I barely keep in contact with my family. I am just getting fatter every year. I hate myself more and more every day.The only thing that makes me even the slightest bit happy any more is my boyfriend  but I know I dont make him happy. Its pretty obvious to everyone who knows us that he would be far better off without me, because I am just a huge, idiot burden who is bringing down a very intelligent and ambitious person who should not be with someone like me. He is still with me because weve been together since we were quite young and its all we know. He doesnt even realize how much better he could have it. Maybe he does, but he just doesnt know how to leave such a shitty, emotional person like me.Hed be better off without me; everything would be better with out me.I dont understand why its bad to want to die. I honestly think its just the most logical decision for me, it makes sense in so many ways, why shouldnt it be an okay thing to do if that is all I want?I know where my life is going. Soon I will have to leave my job because it stresses me out so much. I wont have any money. Ill have to move back home. He will leave me. I will (still) have no friends. Ill become even more depressed than I am now. And then I will kill myself.Why not skip all that shit? I am not asking for pity. I am not asking for someone to help me. I just want to know if anyone out there can possibly imagine for a moment that maybe there is someone on this earth who genuinely deserves to not live any more, and maybe that person is me.
i've been pretty suicidal for awhile and it's been getting progressively worse. the frequency and severity of my thoughts are getting worse and i feel pretty helpless tbh. i've tried reaching out to people about it, and everyone always tells me the same thing: that committing suicide is selfish and i need to think about the effect it would have on my family and friends. but this just makes me even more upset and even mad because i feel like they're just guilt tripping me into living? i feel like i don't have any reasons to live for MYSELF anymore. i'm sick of living for other people because of how my death would affect them. what about me? why can't i do just this one thing for myself in my life? i need a reason to live that isn't just about others, but about myself. and i can't find any. 
I was admitted because of my counsellor... I had to tell at least 6 different ppl what happened to me in detail. One was the receptionist... she asked me what happened and the police who escorted me told her in front of all the waiting patients. It was like a nightmare. I've been seen by so many different nurses and doctors who are giving me whatever pills I want... Ativan to calm me down, Tylenol for my headache, Prozac for depression and anxiety, prazasn (or whatever it's called) for my nightmares and flashbacks... I've been isolated in this one room for 24 hrs. I can't sleep. The ppl in the other rooms are screaming and banging their doors to get out... I'm not the same as them... I feel so fucking crazy and fucked up just being in hereI keep askin for a nurse... they tell me it's too busy and they're understaffed.... I'm freaking out and hyperventilating and I feel like they don't care....They didn't even record what I said correctly... I never said I'd kill myself this weekend... NEVER. but that's what they put. I still hear the ppl in the rooms screaming and banging on the doors and it's giving me so much anxiety. I don't want to be alone in this room and I can't listen to the ppl go crazyEven the guards watching told me I shouldn't have been in here for so long... it's just too overcrowded I feel like no one is listening to me... I'm not talking anything out with anyone... just telling my story over and over and over and over and over again, I have to keep reliving it... I'm being treated like I'm crazyIf this is what help is like I don't want it at all. I'm not going to go back to therapy after this. I'm just going to kill myself. This isn't help I can't leave until the doctors think I'm safe... I can't stop panicking.... someone plz keep me company or help me 
I'm so totally sick of life. Like, totally sick of it. It's fucking garbage and I want out of it, is that so much to ask? I go on these sites trying to find a relitively painless method of suicide with a high success rate. However, no method is 100% guareanteed to result in death. The only method of suicide that would always result in death is with assisted suicide by a doctor, which is illegal in most parts of the world. However, where it is legal, can only be done if you're terminally ill. I just... I need out. I'm so fucking sick of this and I don't even know what I want anymore, other than to fucking die, and I've pretty much already established that there's no good way to go about that. Like, fuck off humanity. Go fuck right off. Humanity is fucking heartless and evil and I just hate everything about it and I'm sick of dealing with this miserable bullshit. I'm ready to go. Just show me the door, and I'll be out of here in a jiffy. Just give me a way out.
I think this is my first time posting here... Whatever, sorry if my English isn't perfect, I'm not an English native speaker and I'm not in the best condition to think of it.First of all, it's not like I'm depressed (because I'm not. My mother suffers mental illness and my parents hates each others (it's a very strange relationship) I'm not affected at all because of that. I just want to run away from my house, because staying here it's like staying in hell. Secondly, I have two best friends who has their own problems. One of them, lost her father this summer and he's in something like a depression but not that bad (he doesn't want to admit it tho) in the last months he told me that he wanted to self harm and I was always encouraging him to not do it, because I self harm but he doesn't know,  and I don't think it's a good idea to tell that to my friends. Knowing that, I also started to smoke some time ago and they hate that really hard (they don't know that I smoke) and today one of my best friends told me that he would kill me if I smoke (obviously not serious)And, even knowing that, I was thinking always, almost everyday on killing myself, I planned to commit suicide next year. But this isn't new,  from long time ago my head was full of suicidal thoughts, and no one in my personal life knows it. And my two best friends have their own problems, and sometimes suicidal thoughts and they tell that to me. I don't know how to feel because I don't want them to worry about me, and at the same time I'm feeling like such a hypocrite because I always tell them to not do things like self harm or try to kill themselves... Why the life has to be so hard? I always try to look happy in front of my friends even if I'm not (almost all the time) because if I'm weak I'll can't protect them before I leave this world. Thanks for taking your time on reading this bunch of nonsense, hope you have a beautiful day.
Why two days? I have family over for Thanksgiving and I don't want them to be here when I do it. I've been extremely depressed before, and this isn't really it. I'm just kind of done. I don't usually post on redit, or anywhere really, just posting because I need to get it off my chest because I can't talk to any of my friends about it because they might try to stop me. I think I had a chance at a great life once, but becoming depressed really ruined who I was and I haven't been the same since. I know I'm just a disappointment to everyone, including myself. I really don't deserve to live, because I'm too lazy and useless to do anything properly.I don't really know what else to say. I don't really want anyone to talk me out of it, I guess I just wanted someone to know. 
Hello. My n-parents hate me. My mother hates me because I don't look like her (She's chinese and I just look like a fucking white girl). My father is an Asian fetish, conspiracy theorist, gambling addict, chronically unemployed LOSER who would beat me and tell me how worthless I am on the reg. My mom has hurt me far more, though. She regularly asserts her supremacy and perfection and tells me all the time how I am just a clone of my loser ass father, no matter what I do.I am a very good person. I have done everything. I attend a top graduate school on full scholarship, have an impressive job lined up after graduation, go to therapy and psychiatry. I have cats and many dear friends who love me very much. I am beautiful and have good fashion sense/decent makeup skills. I have had many boyfriends. I conquered heroin addiction and live a life of sobriety. I eat well and cook, read books, run 5ks at impressive speeds, am funny, have an active social life, speak four languages, good taste in music and movies. I live on my own and pay for all my bills in New York City. I have done everything yet there is a never ending hole in my heart from how my parents have abused me and don't love me. There is a hole in my heart how NOBODY, NOBODY IN MY ENTIRE FUCKING EXTENDED FAMILY gives a shit about me. Many don't even believe me. Nobody helped me when I was a child. The pain will never end, no matter how much I achieve. No matter what, I am that filthy bastard child undeserving of love because of my face. I just don't understand how I can do so well in the "outside world" yet be regarded as the complete scum of the earth by everyone I'm related to. They have their own happy nuclear family but nobody gives a flying fuck about me. I'm a worthless joke and regularly told I should love my parents more. WHY? WHY????Yes, I am no contact with them, have been for five years, until I made the hideous mistake of briefly getting back in touch this summer.I have extremely intense mood swings and was triggered by something earlier this week. When I'm in these dark places, all I want to do is kill myself. All I can hear is my nmom telling me how I'm such a disgrace and worthless and nobody really loves me. All I can think about is how my mother decided to stop loving me, and how broken and unlovable I am because my own parents hate me. All the love in the world cannot repair this. It's too late. I am damaged. They won. They fucking won. I have "bad blood" as my mother calls it, and am broken and cursed. There is no reason to continue living as long as this pain exists. There is no escape. The ghosts follow me everywhere I go.You see, my mother loved me and was so kind to me until I was about six years old. Being the good natured, loving fool that I am, I thought that I could regain that through all of my material excellence. I invited her back into my life for a mere 4 days and was completely destroyed. I have wanted to kill myself ever since. No matter what hapepns, I am worthless, I am loveless, I am nothing. I am undeserving of a mother's love. I am a freak. I look different from every other half Asian. I am a monster, and my mother knows who I truly am, unlike my friends. I am lucky to have her, because she is tied to me by blood. True quote from the evil bitch herself.I'm never growing up or getting away from this. The PTSD is killing me. Give me a good reason to not buy a bundle of heroin, snort the entire thing, and make the pain and noise finally fucking stop. Tell me why I shouldn't jump off the George Washington Bridge. I am not going to do it right now, but I feel completely destroyed and loveless. Living in a PTSD hell is no way to exist. I am in so much pain that will never end. I don't want to die but this is no way to live.
I got dying kidneys/liver/intestine, Every time i take a dump i feel even more tired and cold due to the blood loss from the internal bleeding + the hemorrhoids itself is painful. Got a forever going ring/buzz on my ears 24/7 with different tones, tinnitus which has robbed me off my peace and never lets me have my rest. I'm tired i haven't had any good sleep i barely get any sleep. Got high cholesterol problems and a possible heart disease due to feeling pain quite often in my heart. and i am deficient on vitamin d but i can't take any supplements nor sleeping drugs since my body can't even handle them.. / allergic to them. My brain feels like it's constantly burning and i feel like absolute shit. I haven't had a shower due to some treatment where i'm not supposed to shower or else i'll deinfect my so called medicine that isn't doing anything but causing me even more painI'm crying like a little boy at night talking to myself like a mad man saying words like please stop, leave me alone, I don't even sound like a sane person anymore. I'd love to just end it with some death poison pills at this point. 
everyone is the same.... every one of them... they are all sheep... they are all too busy bowing down to the school system. being "mature" being what an adult should be according to society. im all alone in this world. nobody will ever understand me. why is being a good person considered good. why do we have to obey our parents. i hate art. i hate everyone. i hate that im so different and psychotic. i hate how i am. i feel that i see things in a way people cant understand. i feel i see things differently in a way that i will never be able to truely express. i hate hard work. this world is fucked up. im fucked up. why do u have to grind, work hard and suffer to get things in this world. i dont want to be a part of that..... i dont want to be a part of this world..... i tried to kill myslef and i ended up in a mental hospital for two weeks. i hated it there. it was so boring there. the world could say im wrong but i know deep down that im right about this life. this life is shit. there might be a better world, a better life somewhere in a better universe. im not an adult. im not a man. im not mature. im scared of failure. im a failure in this universe. i hate how this world works. i have no talent and no skills and i hate learning. my friends love school. they should just die. the life that is destined for them is a life of the cubical life in the boring office for the rest of their life. if i ever improve myself, then i will become like everyone else. i will be ignorantly happy but i will be the same as everyone else. being like this, what i am right now, is a blessing and a curse. the power to see life as the horseshit it is..... i want to die. i want everyone to die. why couldnt i be born in a rich family so that i can control other people so that i can control them instead of other people controlling them. these sheep dont even know they are slaves to the system. why couldnt i be born with super powers so i could conquer this world. its so unfair. i hate art. i cant draw. i hate everyone
MeSometimes I just sit and regret everything. I just want a break away from my life, but a lot of people really love and care about me. I'm not the kind of guy that anyone would suspect anything from. I'm always making people laugh, always happy, always fun to be around. I have so many friends. They all love me a lot, but I don't really care anymore. Let me give you an outlook of who I am- I'm a very smart honor roll student, very flamboyant, people find me to be very attractive, and I have the best, best friend in the world! We always talk and she always tells me how great I am and funny. Yet, I feel strong regret and sorrow. I've just been feeling lately that I should give up. My mom and dad are the best ever. I have a seemingly perfect life. I just got off my amazing vacation for thanksgiving and some people even call me rich but trust me, I'm not, and that's what I tell them.Dating(I'm bisexual and closeted, and before you go and tell me that I'm probably in denial, I know for a fact. I'm 100% sure.) During school, my guy crush started touching up my leg, but I had the immediate reaction just to call him out to everybody at the table, and I've immediately regretted it and I just cannot stop obsessing over it! The same thing happened to my lady crush but was WAY more public. She started texting me on Instagram about how she felt and I immediately ratted her out. She wanted to show some affection and I rejected her, but I don't know why! It's exactly what I wanted.AnxietyI think I'm dealing with some social anxiety. I've started noticing a week or two ago, but it's hard to deal with. Like sometimes after laughing I just somehow almost start crying, and I can't even eat at lunch anymore because I just feel like everyone's staring at me, and this is not like me at all. The only way to get past it is to try to completely clear my mind which has worked sometimes but is definitely not a permanent fix. People have definitely noticed but only a few have commented on to which I replied with allergies. 
I am so tired and afraid ... I don't want to wake up anymore - I've tried killing myself a couple times and it hasn't worked (I was in a coma though and came really close) ... I feel so fucking alone and I have to drive cross country in 2 weeks to go live with my parents because I have no where else to go .... I didn't see myself ever moving home at 29 but I just give up.  I wish I never came home from Iraq ... everything has been fucked up since I left for war 9 years ago. I have severe PTSD - can't be in relationships because I fuck then up when people gets too close -- my two friends both overdosed and left me .... I started doing heroin to try to overdose and that didn't work ... fuck I want to die. I'm so scared and lost. 
I've hated myself, every single aspect of myself, for my entire life. The only things I was ever good at were abandoned so I could give my all in an abusive relationship. I've lost so many friends and been betrayed by almost every single person I've met. I'm constantly alone with my thoughts where I can review 20 years of fucking everything up. I'm sick of living with myself, I'm sick of being called a liar every time I try to open up about traumatic events because "those things wouldn't just HAPPEN to 'someone like me'", I'm sick of being alone every day. I'm sick of hearing that I'll get better because it's more obvious than ever that I won't. I legitimately cannot handle the pain of being alive and existing. I really honestly can't
Thought I was doing better, thought a date would help... its 3a.m. and a sleeping pill later and 2 hours later and I can begin to feel myself spiral... help
I'm done. I can't do this anymore.He doesn't want me anymore. He was all I had. The only sense of stability in my life and now he doesn't want to see me anymore.My family doesn't care about meI feel close to literally none of my friendsWhy is it that I have friends but I still feel lonely around themWhy is it that the only time I don't feel lonely is when I'm with him? I don't want it to be that wayI'm in so much pain. I've never been happy. I want to make new friends but how will I when I'm like this. No one wants to be friends with someone as depressed as me. I don't even have the energy to talk to anyone. I don't know what to do. Everywhere I turn I find no comfort. I wish he was here to hold me and be with me.I was happy with him. I was happy for once. And he's leaving. What do I do. I'm so lost. I'm so fucking scared. I just want to die. Nothing about my life is good besides money. I'd give it all up just to be happy, just to have one fucking person.Just one person who won't leave me. Why can't I have that. Please help me. I don't know what to do. 
Share a song that best describes your life or how you are feeling right now. This hopefully will serve as a good distraction and a way to share and possibly find new music for us to relate to.My all time life theme song is "Hurt" By Nine Inch Nails but I feel a more affinity for Johnny Cash's version.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vt1Pwfnh5pc
Last year my parents told me I need to be going to University or have a job by new years or they'll kick me out. Since new years is soon and I can't afford university and I suck at working it seems like I'll be homeless. Since middle I thought being homeless would be fine, but now it seems like it would be almost as hard as working and paying to live. So suicide would be better than living rest of my life homeless right? 
i don't have any will to live. thank you startups, js.I went on a misssion one year ago, came from psychiatrist, try some drugs and went to fix my life.I have spend half of the year, trying to do a job, socialize,  learning anything about it/programming, and second half try to make this startup. Really fucking hard. I was a programmer and founder, half of fucking year of coding. To this day i can't have a single user, not a fucking one, 3 weeks after the premiere. I mean i beg you to download and use it it's free. I tried everyhing even asking friends, strangers to install, everybode liked idea, but noone  use it. Fuck after thhat i got less the 50 downloads, i can't even look at it, everyday i want to kill myself. I wanted to kill myself year ago, but i thought well why don't i pick up some things and create. And i worked, hardest in my life, everyday 10 hours and what do i got? Nothing i can't even get a job at the most booming market, becouse i had written in used shitty freamwork.  Fucking mobile app, fucking javascript. i wish that i could even belive that i am worth something, can program.Everyday i have panic attacks, i had them before since i was a kid, but now everyday i wake up stare at the screen looking about all the faliure that i have been. One year of hard work and can't do a single thing in my life.You may say that it will get better or i will get a job, but i don't care, l can't even pretend that i care about living and all of that everyday bullshit rutine, waking up, walking, shiting, doing job, eating, sleeping. For past month i had cut myself in arm and smashed my head multiple times, actualy it only thing that works. Well tomorow i will order some stuff, make last campagin and give myselef list 30 days before i kill myself. 1 year ago i made a post about it, i have a day when i should kill myself since i was 12 years old. I mean the most basic stuff is just to complicated for me, i can't do anything, i wish that i have just one evidence that i did something i had a year of hard work, absolutly worthless.Thank your of the memes. not a single fucking user, 
I have been suicidal my whole life. Seriously since I was a child.  My teenage years are a blur of sitting by the cliffs near my house trying to work up the courage to jump off.  I'm nearly 30 now.  In the last 6 months:1. A person I was engaged to died, possibly by suicide but I am not sure.  I had to make all the calls notifying friends.2. A person I was in love left me for someone else.3. My first love had a psychotic episode and got arrested for behavior related to the mental illness, and I'm afraid of hearing he got killed in prison.  If he does I will have to make the calls.I called a suicide hotline a few days ago. They called me back today.  Both times I hung up the phone feeling the same, feeling certain that I'm just at the point where I'm out of options. I've tried drugs. I've tried therapy. I've tried reaching out to friends and family.  I've tried making changes in my life.  I feel like no one will really miss me or notice.  I've been down for so long I've managed to alienate everyone.  No one cares about what I do to myself now.  They might feel guilty for not realizing just how low I was but they'll go on, they will all tell each other not to blame themselves just like everyone told me after my fiance died.  So is there a reason not to?
Hello,Long time lurker, but this is actually my first post on reddit and I have no clue where to begin. I don't know how much detail to go into, but I really need to talk to someone about this. I apologize in advance for my broken thoughts, some may not even matter but bear with me. Im a 27 year old female (fairly pretty, decently intelligent - NOT bragging, just what I'm told although I really can't see it most of the time) and I go in and out of very depressed suicidal moods, more often recently. I have struggled with depression and severe anxiety for as long as I can remember. Many medications later I have realized that weed is the only thing that works for me. I called a suicide hotline about 2 weeks ago (also a first for me) and have felt pretty good, until yesterday. I have been in a relationship with a man for close to 12 years now. We started dating when I was 16 and I was in a longer relationship with my "first love" before that. My current fiance (he proposed on my 18th birthday and then subsequently told me that he didn't want to get married) is bisexual, which I have known for a long time and I have allowed him to have relationships because he needs that in order to be happy. I went as far as to sleep on an air mattress for 6 months in another room while he was in a relationship with a guy who he didn't even tell that we were together (the guy was a foreign language student here for a semester). My fianc and I own businesses and we have ever since we started dating, which seems to be a point of contention often. We recently had a business stolen by an investor and we are broke, trying to build the business back. We are both creative people, but he likes to throw as much work at me as possible and then get mad when I haven't completed it all. I have horrible anxiety about talking on the telephone (and email communications for that matter, I have a fear of talking to people and he puts me in charge of all customer communications) Several years ago I guess that the stress started getting to me, and my anxiety reached a peak. He started a new business and all I could find myself doing was watching netflix for hours on end because it was the only thing that relieved my anxiety. I was also struggling with the fact that every male mate that my fianc has ever had always takes precedence over me, even if he doesn't realize that he's doing it. He had formed a relationship with his sous chef who was living in our home, and they were going out constantly blowing money leaving me at home to stress even more about our bills. The sous chef eventually stopped working all together and blamed anything he could on me. My fianc still believes to this day that all of the issues caused were my fault. When the sous chef left, that was my fault too. My fianc has never taken responsibility for any wrongdoings from day 1 and everything always ends up falling on me (which i cannot emotionally take anymore) He is also pretty emotionally abusive, of which I am aware. As soon as he is upset about something, which is pretty easy to accomplish, it is hours of him screaming at me about how worthless, stupid and embarrassing I am and how I ruin everything and i've ruined every relationship he's ever had. He's told me multiple times that i just need to get it over with and kill myself because its the only thing that ill ever be good at. Somewhere along the line I developed a habit of lying about things when he asks (always when were stuck in a car and I have no where to go) as to avoid conflict all together. This is my biggest flaw and I can't stand it. The last 2 months have been absolute hell. We have been in so many arguments that my heart can't take it any more. He will scream at me for an hour to leave and get out of his life, but when I take steps to leave he won't let me. I left and went to my parents house and he came and wouldn't leave. He's tearing my heart apart piece by piece and I don't know if I'm going to be able to put it back together at this point. If I leave he is also trying to hold our 2 dogs hostage, which are my world and I wouldn't know what to do without them (or him for that matter). I feel so stuck, lost and heartbroken. I feel lonely all the time, no matter who I'm with. Im constantly thinking about suicide as it feels like my only option at this point. Either I stay and spend the rest of my life unappreciated walking on eggshells and with my stomach tied in knots afraid that I might make him upset again. If I leave, I have to leave my dogs who are my absolute best friends and start over at almost 30 without nothing (no home, no car, no money, my entire work history would be with him and he is super vindictive so he wouldn't give me any references if I left) my only option would be to move in with my religious aunt and uncle and I am very much not religious (during the good times I like to consider myself a buddhist, but a true buddhist would never think of self harm) Or i can just end it all. The second that I start to feel happy and confident, my life turns upside down. I feel like I have this huge black cloud over my head and it won't go away. Ive always struggled with confidence and now that I finally feel like I'm growing into my own some, I feel completely stuck. This isn't even the half of it, and I don't know if I even covered enough for this to make sense. I know that suicide isn't the way out, but I really don't see many other options. I don't even know what this post will accomplish, maybe just the therapy of writing it out and knowing that someone will know will be of help, but I doubt it. I used to get some relief from watching tv or smoking weed and relaxing, but the tv shows don't seem to work anymore and he's currentlyupset with  me and his jump to method of torture recently has been taking away my smoking device and product so that I can't get high. Im so sick of feeling this way, I just want to be happy and lead a productive life. Someone help me, please just give me some direction or something (I know that I have to solve my own problems) I feel so lost.Again, sorry for the horribly fragmented thoughts and any spelling or grammar mistakes.
I am a 36 year old male in the U.K., in 2012 I was diagnosed with a cancerous tumour in my thyroid. Two surgeries later i am on meds for life and my mind is broken.Thyroid levels have an enormous impact on how I feel but it's usually for the worst, I have this medication for the rest of my life and feel I can't continue due to how i feel.My cancer made me fight for survival, and to do so I got 6+ credit cards to keep my family with house and food.My wife does not know of this debt, I hide it daily/weekly/monthly but I am loosing control and fear the bailiffs may be incoming.I wish I could wipe away any problems for my family but it is impossible, It's all too much, I want to be free from this and I think about how I can kill myself daily.I have a son and wife , I am in 20k debt that the wife does not know about, my body and mind is fucked, I want to fix this but I cannot see how unless I win the lottery.I want to die but I cannot die, I cannot leave my wife and son with this burden but I also cannot function any longer.
I'm not sure why I'm posting this so much as I don't want to burden my family or friends with it. I am not even sure how to put into words the way I feel. My life has been hard I guess. Not as hard as so many other's. I don't really think I have the right to complain. But here I am. Don't have a lot of friends, at least not friends who aren't also friends of my spouse. Family was...a mess. The only family I have now are my spouse's really. Don't want to muddy those waters. Sitting in my bathtub, trying to man up. Hit up some hotlines and a chatline but they didn't respond. Not even sure what to say. "I have started edging into that suicide plan I've been making for six months" feels really dramatic. Finally making a life for my family, for my spouse who is mentally ill and tells me that all of our problems are my fault. Honestly they could be, I am trying to learn to be a better listener and not push them to feel obligated or whatever in my relationship. I have a chronic illness that's getting worse and much harder to fake it with, overwhelmed by being the primary responsible partner. We have two dogs. They're sweet. I think they could be better off with another family though, I struggle with keeping them healthy and know they could be better off.Spouse tells me I make things up and lie all the time. Have asked around and no one else in my life seems to feel that way. But you know, honesty is hard sometimes especially if you love someone. Maybe spouse is right and no one else wants to say anything? I feel crazy. No other person in my life has ever had the ability to make me hate myself so much, I guess also no one has ever seemed to think I should. I could be crazy.Financially dependent on spouse, trying to start my own business. If we divorce I won't be able to, nor will I be able to afford insurance or....anything really. Spouse sort of hangs that over me sometimes. Not sure if intentionally.I feel pretty lonely a lot. Like I'm not even here and no one notices. Have been sort of passively planning this suicide attempt, was gonna buy a gun honestly but didn't want to spend the money and time when it was kind of single use. Tried cutting myself but I have had my share of physical pain and just can't push myself into doing it yet. I guess that is good.Don't want to get out of my bathtub, face my spouse, when it's taking all of my energy to pretend I'm not in here trying to off myself. Am I at the point where I should call people? This feels too melodramatic as it is. I think so many other people have much worse to deal with. I wish I weren't so tired of being optimistically miserable every day. Said I love you to my family. Don't want to say anything to spouse. Would get scathing retorts and criticism. Tells me I'm just looking for attention. Doesn't feel that way but what do I know. I am generally confident I guess but it just feels extra sharp coming from someone you once lived for. Literally, on a couple occasions.I don't know man. I guess I'm not doing it tonight. Kind of wish I had the balls and simultaneously relieved. Wouldn't want to make the house any dirtier than it is, really. Sorry if this is in the wrong place. Didn't know what else to do. Feel free to delete it if you need to.Maybe just writing this will help.
Hi everyone I will not give my name but we can call me O So the thing is I am 13 years old soon to be 14 and I have suicide thoughts at least once everyday I am a bisexual male and I do have friends I think but I still feel like they don't care and I feel uselessI am not here to whine not that anyone does that or something I am here to just type my feelings out I just hope that you guys understand I don't feel like anyone caresThanks for reading if you did 
I've been thinking about this all week. And it's some kind of truth that has been apparent for a very long time. My parents made me believe I was their possession. I am still a prisoner in their home. I'm starting to accept this, that they will keep me in their insane reality forever. That I will be harassed daily for just existing, stalked if I dare go outside, have to deal with the creepy obsessiveness and fake love and attention. Having to deal with my baby sister getting hurt all the time, like I'm reliving my own childhood trauma. I didn't need to be born but I came into this world anyway. I don't know how to leave. I can't physically hurt myself and I have a fear about swallowing pills. It's frustrating...because I have to live with a lot of pain too and it would be nice to have an easy way out. I do exist and no one has really made me feel like this is right. I have suffered and I try to reach out but it's like people make me feel like I'm crazy for believing that I'm suffering. My other sister broke my heart and she won't even acknowledge what she's done, I trusted her and I need to talk to her but she's not the person I thought she was. Her loyalty to my sociopath of a mother is just too strong. I feel disgusted with myself that I shared so much information with her about my depression. I do therapy and it's helped me open my eyes to these horrible truths. I am not strong enough now I know nobody is on my side. Or it's more like being deceived to believe that I have so much support from my family when in reality they have been destroying me. And keeping me isolated from everything that could have been good for me. I have myself and this used to comfort me a lot...but not now. I don't recognise my face, don't feel like I'm existing or my body is real...i have done things like starve myself and I can't even feel the pain from that. I feel a bit sick whenever I realise how much food I'm not eatibg, how much weight I'm losing....I have horrible health problems because of being underweight for a decade. I could go on and on but this is really upsetting to write out. I don't feel my emotions anymore but I cried a lot just now. These are things I can't say in the real world and I still hope that one day I can express myself and have people care. But this hope is destroying me because I can't let go if it and I know I'm alone so I'm living with contradictions.
I was diagnosed at 22, I'm 24 now. My anxiety has been so bad in the past that I was hospitalized and misdiagnosed with bipolar disorder until I did my own research and sought help elsewhere. My mom is battling cancer, my dog might be dying, I have OCD and intrusive thoughts about death, etc. (which adds a level of fear to my suicidal thoughts) but i'm most concerned about the lie I've been told - that things will get better - nothing ever has, not even for a short amount of time. I'm lost and helpless and tried to suffocate myself when I was washing my face this morning.I need help but psychiatric hospitals take me out of my routine and my anxiety didn't get better when I admitted myself last time. I don't know what to do.
The fact that I'm posting here I already know there's a part of me that wants to live. I'm 17. I already know this is a rash decision for me but who cares. Ever since I started grade 9 my life went down hill. I'm white and brown. My dad has no back bone and let's my mother talk abuse shit to me any second she can get. No matter what I say in any conversation it because something negative to me. I've become suicidal and depressed since Grade 11 (I'm in Grade 12) as well I have anxiety attacks due to having stressed induced anxiety attacks. My parent's are Christian extremists who simply said "pray" it away. My parents never say I love you or anything anymore. I had shitty grade most of my life and I decided to pick them up. I went from 50's to 70's and 80's and I have only one 41. All my parents could say were how bad I am at school and that I'll never amount to anything. I'm tired  of everything. I have friends I'm not a loner I'm quite the extrovert. My life was at a point where I felt on top of the world. I had a job and I didn't have to see my parents at all because of it so I was happy. I'm a pathological liar and they know this. I can't quit lying I feel there is a necessity to lie to my parents because of how they blow everything out of proportion yet they claim I can tell them anything and when I have it ends up terribly. I smoke weed and I've been keeping it from them for a year or two now. They are slowly catching on. I smoke weed because it genuinely makes me not want to kill myself. When I told my parents about me being suicidal and having depression they made it about themselves and blamed said I was lying because mid terms were a week away and I didn't want them to be mad at my grades. I didn't intend on that at all. They made the situation about school and started calling me shitty names etc. I went to school the next day and my counselor whom I told first about it was baffled. I'm simply tired of not feeling loved by my parents. I want to move out but there's no place to move out to. My relatives won't take me in because they don't want problems with my parents. My grades started to slip because I simply have no motivation for anything anymore. I want to simply commit suicide but I'm afraid of the after life. Whether it be hell or complete nothingness. I can't do it anymore, I've held on for so long I a finger way from falling.
Life is already difficult but it gets more difficult when you're ugly. Life isn't worth living if you're physically ugly. I wish I can flick a switch and die instantaneously. 
**Warning: This post is long and autobiographical.**Full disclosure: I have had suicidal thoughts since I was fourteen years old. I'm 25 now. Currently, I am in my second year of graduate school in a small town in rural North Carolina. I cannot drive, so I ride to campus with either my sister (who is younger than I am but much more successful) or my next-door neighbor, who is...annoying but friendly. My sister will be moving to Boston with her boyfriend next month, so I will have to fulfill the arrangements my mother and I made with the local transportation department...except that I don't know how to get them to drop me off at my condominium once I return from school. The nearest bus stop is seven-tenths of a mile away on a road with no sidewalks. I've walked that way and back before, but since I will continue to attend night classes next semester, the pedestrian path is not an option.To make matters worse, I have squandered most of the opportunities that graduate school is supposed to provide. Before I started graduate school, I told myself, "You're going to do things differently from your undergrad years. You'll have to make friends so you can find a job when you graduate." I haven't done that. Instead, I spend most of my time alone, as I have always done. I have one semester left to change my ways, but I don't think that's going to happen.In many respects, I am rather privileged. My parents own the condominium I live in, so I don't have to pay rent. This stroke of fortune automatically raises me above millions of other people, but it still doesn't keep the demons at bay. I have over $25,000 in student debt, and because I have no job prospects, I have no idea how I'm going to pay it off when I graduate next spring. The town I live in, as mentioned earlier, is very small, and job opportunities are limited. Perhaps I should mention that my MA is in English, as was my BA, for the reason that I'm not interested in anything other than literature.Reading is all I like to do. I have no interest in learning to do anything new. Relationships bore me. Work of any kind makes me want to heave. I want to live an isolated life beholden to no one: no bosses, no friends, no family, no lovers. Anything else makes my brain snarl in fury. The very idea of finding a "dream job" is absurd to me. Even as a teenager, I was *good* at most of my lessons, and I *still* hated going to school. Nothing done on a schedule can be enjoyable. At most, it can be tolerated. In summary, the big picture is that I see no way out of a pit of financial deprivation and no incentive to try to claw out of it. No future event could possibly improve upon an eternity of quiet solitude, which is all I care about but will continue to be denied me. Death sounds like a reward. Life is a nausea-inducing roller coaster of turmoil, and I want to get off of it.
I'm 21 years old and I've struggled with severe depression for over half of my life. I dont remember what its like living a life without depression. At this point, this illness has become a part of me and I dont know what i would do if it was gone.If Im happy, its only a distraction from my depression which is always there. Happiness isnt permanent, but my depression sure is. I'm tired of waiting for the moments in between everything where I can finally feel like a "regular person". I don't function the way I'm supposed to. Whatever feelings of motivation and drive for life that everyone else has is something that i lack. My friends and family simply go silent when I try to reach out to them. They talk about how they'll be there for me when I'm down, but the moment I try to ask for help they go cold. My boyfriend was the only person who would actually try to help me when I reached out to him, but he broke up with me out of the blue today. I'm making plans for everything right now, because being alive and waiting around for distractions is simply too much anymore. I can only go for so long before something's gotta give, and I'm simply at my breaking point. The love i used to feel for people is starting to turn into contempt and hatred. I have nothing left to give to the world.I initially was going to wait until i had the basis for some of my stories written down so that someone else can take over for me when I go. They were the only thing i felt a passion for, but im starting to feel like it wont matter if they die with me or not, considering theyre something that no one cared about anyways. Plus, i dont want to trouble anyone anymore than i already have.im currently out of state on vacation and all i want to do besides dying is to get back home. i hate being here and i miss my bed so badly. 
I love my parents and I know that they've worked very hard in their lives to give me a good life, and I don't blame them for anything. I'm thankful of their support and understand why they made certain decisions, regardless of the outcome. I'm a 21 year old male in my 3rd year of an ivy league university. I generally work 2 or 3 jobs at a time to keep myself busy, workout daily, and play different instruments. I have tried to learn as much as possible and follow every hint of passion in order to make something of myself.I've been a victim of two seperate sexual assaults around the age of 6; one by a man, and one by a woman. In these instances, my biggest regret was never speaking up at the time and having the fear and guilt that because of my inability to act they they could and very well may have went on to hurt other people. Whether or not it's healthy for me to believe that is another topic in itself.Around the same time I skipped a grade and was bullied severly untill I was kicked out of high school at 18. Growing up I never had any friends and attended 12 different schools because of how I was being treated. Around the time I was 16 I did meet 2 people who I still keep in touch with, however, I don't get to see them very often. I've been assaulted, robbed, and have had a knife and hammer pulled on me without provocation.My mom has always been supportive of me, and has done her best to help my through the issues I had in school. While my dad was supportive of me as well, he consistently pressured me, hit me as a form of discipline, and used religion to influence my behavior. Both my parents have said something to me at different points that still resonate painfully with me till this day. During a conversation where my dad was telling me how much of a failure I was at everything I was doing at the time, he told me that when he died he didn't want me at his funeral, and I don't think I could ever get over that. I understand what my dad was trying to accomplish by raising me this way but that doesn't change how his actions have affected me. My dad has iterated to me a number of times that the only reason he is still around is because of my mom, and given the chance would have left or kicked me out a long time ago. My brother constantly tried to upset and physically hurt me to the point that I went months at a time without speaking to him. Our relationship is strained and I don't see or speak with him very much anymore. Aside from everything stated above, my parents have worked incredibly hard to give me and my brother a good life where we never had to worry about our finances and always wanted the best for us. Unfortunately, various circumstances led to a different result and by no means do I blame them for it. My dad is essentially a saint, so the fact that he doesn't speak to me anymore and resents me is killing me. If he was an alcoholic or whatever I could brush it off but I would give anything to be half of what he is so for him to have so much against me hurts more than anything else.Recently, I felt like my depression was getting worse so I began making appointments with the psychiatrist, doctors, and therapist that had knowledge of my history. Even though I took an anti-depressant for a 7 month period, in which 4 of those months I iterated the fact that it stopped working and was affecting me in a debilitating way, my psychiatrist said I wasn't compliant and refuses to see me anymore. The doctor at my school put me on the spot asking me about what traumatic event happened in my past that led to a possibility of PTSD. I said I wasn't comfortable mentioning it because I had to drive home and she kicked me out of her office. The Mental health coordinator apologized for this but the assessment I was suppose to undergo is effectively cancelled and I would be lucky to see another psychiatrist in a year.Based on the fact that my mental health has never been debilitating for me under stress or in any full time job, and since I'm sober and not using medication, I was looking at enlisting in the military in 2 countries where I have citizenship. My hope is that I could leave home and be on my own, which is my comfort zone, and eventually seek treatment thereafter. The Mental health coordinator agreed with me that this could be beneficial. It's just honestly killed me that the last few people that I could ask for help have effectively told me to fuck off. I don't have anyone else to go to.I've done my best to test my self, work in as many different industries and positions as possible, as well as constantly learn new skills in the interest of finding something therapeutic or the possibility of developing a career but nothing has truly worked. I feel worn out and honestly don't know what else I can do or use as motivation to keep this up.
Hey guys.I'm just wondering, how long is a suicide watch after an attempt in the NY. I'm from NY and one of my friends had been admitted to the hospital after an attempt. But he only stayed there for one day. Another one of my friends had been there for only two. Yet I heard it's usually three days by law. Is this correct? Why is it different?
I have too many mental problems and too many problems.On Wednesday, I will most likely lose custody of my son.On Wednesday, my friend who lives in a high-rise flat has invited me to stay over. I have just split up with my boyfriend. He is ignoring me now.I have been the subject of my son's father's abuse for 5 years. We separated 3 years ago. He has been controlling and violent and manipulative, and when he cannot get to me by talking to me, recently he keeps calling the police to say my son is in danger when he isn't. Or harassing and stalking me to find out where I am. Apparent 'concern' for our son.I can't afford my bills, and when I lose my son I will lose my welfare (therefore all income) to pay for the bills. Furthermore, my house is infested with rats and I cannot get rid of them, or afford to get rid of them. I have 0 friends. 0 family who is close to me. The only person I have stayed alive for is my son, and my boyfriend was my source of comfort and I maybe would have stayed alive for him. I'm not looking for reasons to live. I just needed to let this out.
Im 17, I was smoking weed since the beginning of last school vacation. I never found myself very sociable, but weed helped me and my social life got pretty good. It wasn't abusive use, I bought it when I had money, and wasn't high 24/7 but smoked once a day and it was enough. However around 1.5 months ago my parents found out. They are very anti drug and did not listen to my arguments why It's not bad for me. Since then I don't talk to them, if they don't accept how I want to live my life. My grades in school were good, smoking hasn't influenced my education at all. Recently they started to take my phone and computer for night, which was my only entertainment, since they don't let me go out in the evenings. All the shit makes me very stressed, my life now is only school, and I have less and less motivation to take it seriously. I just don't see point in living. I'm from eastern Europe and there are no opportunities for youngs. I know it all sounds pathetic but that's how it is and every night I think about killing myself. If my parents would be supportive and would let me enjoy my life, then I would be very happy. But that's not the case and it just overwhelms me. Any advice would be appriciated.
For the past two years, I finally felt like I was crawling out of the hell that was my life. Having health issues, I was pretty much isolated since a few years ago. Then, some people became very dear to me, I found a boyfriend, job possibility, all seemed ''normal''. Of course it would all go south and we broke up, my friends ignore me and the job thing isn't going as planned. I fucking hate not having anyone to talk to, to share the little things with, and I hate that I'm in this hell again. It feels like nobody ever cares about me as much as I care about them. It's so painful and miserable, suicide has been crossing my mind again. I just want something to go right for once, and to feel supported and loved :( 
I wish mental illness didn't exist, all it does is mess everything up. For the last few months, my depression and anxiety have been at its worst. I tried seeing a therapist (my 4th one) and a psychiatrist but they don't help. That therapist never had anything to say, it's like she felt awkward and just didn't know what to say. All the different medications never helped either. I've lost faith in them and I don't care to see a new one right now. I absolutely loathe myself.. I hate my looks, personality, lack of abilities.. just everything. No matter what I do, I'm just a failure. I can never push myself to continue to do anything because I'm never good enough. Someone like me will never amount to anything.. I don't even know what I want to do with my life. I don't even care to go to college right now. I'm not competent enough to do anything.. including getting a job. My pets deserve a better owner who can take care of them. Im tired of my dysfunctional family and lack of friends. But if I were to kill myself, my mom or brother might try it too. Just like the last time I tried to kill myself. Maybe that's why I haven't done it yet. I only have 1 friend that I can count on, but one day he's gonna leave just like everyone else did. All I am is a burden to him anyway.. he deserves a better friend than I can ever be. I love music and going to concerts.. but it's not enough to keep me here anymore. My chest always feels numb, empty, and full of heartbreak. I recently had stomach issues where I felt sharp stomach pain.. not surprised if it's from my mental illnesses. I haven't been eating that much and I'm losing weight. I just don't want to be here anymore...Please.. if somehow I get a life threatening illness soon or if there's an opportunity for me to sacrifice myself for someone else.. please.. I'll take it. I don't have the strength to keep living anymore. I'm better off dead and everyone will be happier without me.. I'm WORTHLESS 
my ex gf is sending me tects saying she wants to kill herself should i call the police? i'm not sur if the threats are real but i don't want to not do anything and regret it if she hurts herself.i care about her but she is really sick and our relationshipo didn't work bc of stressesi am very anxious and worried about her health but i can't get through to her
I'm 17 years old, my mother died 9 months ago due to cervical cancer, it didn't affect me much at the time because I was lucky and found the love of my life. I still cried and mourned over my mother but it seemed easier because she was there with me. The next few months were good but unfortunately she was a german exchange student at my school and the time came in June when she had to go home. I was really sad about this another person I loved leaving my life I even had my first time with her. I went over to see her in July and that's probably the last time I was ever truly happy.Once I went home things in the relationship weren't smooth. I was getting jealous whenever she went out with her friends because I wanted to be her number one priority like she was to me. However she never felt the same she still loved me just obviously not enough to make me a priority in her life. Fast forward to 2 weeks ago, she told me she wanted to do an aupair ( a year away in another country) and I freaked out because this meant that it would be even longer until we could live together. That was the last straw for her, she broke up with me and it crushed my heart, the next day we FaceTime to talk about it and she was said she didn't want me seeing other girls even though we broke up so she said she would think about another chance, she did this 3 times and both times she decided no more chances she just got my hopes up and then shot me in the back.When we were together I bought flights for her to come over in December to which now she says she's not coming so that's 96 of my money lost and I come from a poor family so that didn't help.But now ever since she declined to come over I have just been getting sadder and sadder and I don't know what to do, it's like all my emotions about my mother and my break up have collided, and on top of that things in my friend group isn't going well they all hate me because I talk about being the only not virgin too much, and I agree I do but they made a fake dating profile in my exs name and I lost it at them and that's another reason most of them hate me, they are all at a party tonight with eachother and I just can't handle being alone anymoreI just want to die it would make my shitty life so much easier, the only reason I haven't is because I live in the U.K. And a gun seems to be the most painless option but I can't get one, I just want to die it would make my life so much easier 
I feel caught in-between a tight cranny.  Trapped.Nothing makes sense anymore.My writing talent has suffered.  Not as good as it used to be.  Losing authors to invest in because their stories feature stuff that triggers me too much.  It's like I have nothing left.No way out except suicide.  It's on my mind but haven't really taken any actions.  Can't afford a therapist.  Little money in my account.  Jobless.  Worthless.I don't know anymore.
To preface, I know you guys probably have to deal with this a lot and I'm sorry. Hi. I am a fourteen year old male named B. I don't really know how to start off so I'll just let my thoughts spill out onto the keys. From what I can tell, depression is in my blood. My uncle successfully killed himself, and I know my mother has attempted suicide at least once. The last time I saw my dad was when I was two days old. I never had the opportunity to talk to or see him and I didn't really care to. When I was 11, my mother came into my room, sat down on my bed and flat out told me he died a little while ago. She claimed it was a car crash, but I'm not so sure I believe it anymore. I could always ask his parents but I'm not sure I would like to bring the topic of their son's death up with them. It's kinda like kicking me when I'm down, knowing that I was genetically destined to suffer from depression. I can make up excuses for why I feel this way, but it'll always be because of who I am. My family situation is complicated. My mother tries to fulfill her life with love and it never works. She has had four children with four different men. The first, A lives with his dad in another state. He's four years older than me and coincidentally I haven't spoken to him in four years. I am the second child. I live with the third and his father because my own is dead and my mother can't support me anymore. She alone lives with the fourth child, S. This seems like it didn't really matter but I had to explain before I told you that my only real joy in life is S. He's turning two years old in three days. I was there for his entire life until Mom dumped me with my brother's dad because she can only work part time jobs while looking after S. When he was an infant I would hold him and feed him and lull him to sleep. I was there for his first steps and his first words. I cared about him more deeply than anyone else and loved him in a way that I don't feel for any other family members. I was the happiest I had ever been and maybe will ever be. This time in my life ended when her last boyfriend and the father of S decided he didn't love her anymore. The only person that would take me is J (third child) 's dad. I don't get to see S anymore because mom lives in another state with him.This sounds horrible but I hate her for it. I blame my mom for abandoning me and taking S with her. I have no one now. No one that I trust can enough to talk to about the way I'm hurting. Nothing to look forward to but sleep.I have friends because I've always been the outgoing type but I don't like any of them. They're only there so I don't look like a loser at school. My eyes sting from tears and the bright light of my phone in my eyes at 3am. I won't kill myself tonight but I know in my heart that I'll try soon and it sure as hell won't be a half assed attempt like overdosing on Tylenol. If anyone reads this, they'll tell me to reach out to someone close to me, but there is no one close to me. I don't want to talk to anyone around me because I'm afraid that they'll laugh or think I'm weak.I've never really been religious but I hope my dad's somewhere up there watching me. Thanks for the time you took to read my unorganized list of thoughts. B
I don't have anything to live for anymore. I just want it to all stop. Nobody loves me.
I'm not sad. I know I have people who care, I know that the world is beautiful and there's much that I could do, I just don't want it. I feel like I've done everything I need to. Death will come anyways. I feel fulfilled, I feel like I've seen and done everything I wanted to do. I just feel ready. 
Not to hurt myself right now...
After my first post on here I thought I should "try and look at the bright side" of life well that hasn't been working for me. Today when I got home from work my parents were standing by the door waiting for me they said that I dented the fridge last night with a bat and I don't even have a bat and I didn't even dent the damn thing and of course they didn't believe me they even said that " a retard" like me can never tell the truth.They then went on to talk shit about me on the phone and on posts on Social media to most of my family so now I'm probably hated by my whole family now and the only solution I see to ending all this bullshit is to kill my self in front of them.
Boring long story why, but my mom wants me out of her house, she is trying to find anyone who will take me.  I tried to help, but death didn't want me either. My ex b/f showed our pics and things to all our friends at school and to people at church.  Now I'm kicked out of church for being an evil influence.  I had to quit school cuz I was getting beat up, called names and things, even in class. I was going to run away, but the place I was going to changed his mind. fml, why even bother.  I was going to write a note but then figured, why, no one cares any way. Tomorrow I will check with another place to go live, maybe this will work.
I've gone to /r/PersonalFinance, /r/LegalAdvice, and /r/Advice, /r/Depression. Nobody has offered anything helpful. I don't know what to do. I'm 23 years old, and I live at home with my parents. Up until recently, I worked full time at a warehouse in Washington state making about $11/hr. Now I work under 3 hours a week.Back in October of last year, a series of events led up to me being overworked. My best friend killed himself. In order to cope, I worked a lot of hours, sometimes 14-16 a day. Unfortunately, it caught up with me. I injured my back while lifting a heavy load into the garbage bin. I'd always had minor back trouble (diagnosed recently with a mild scoliosis in my thoracic spine) but this really put me out. I was struggling to stand up straight. The pain was so bad, I was having dry heaves, audibly moaning. The next couple days were awful, as I had to deal with severe cramping and sharp pain. Eventually it settled down, and I was able to go back to work. I even got an L&I claim approved. I thought chiropractic was all I needed. It was all I was ever approved for, and it did seem to work for a short while... Fast forward to August of this year. I start noticing my back trouble was no longer improving. I was only approved for chiropractic care, and seeing as chiropractic doesn't on its own heal the injury, I needed to explore my options. I thought with chiropractic, I could lower the pain and relieve stress, and that the injury would heal on its own. However, nothing was helping anymore. I decided to let my boss know that I was having some trouble. I asked if I could take an extra day off per week in order to recoup. I was hoping it would help. I have to say, my company has been extremely supportive and caring. They understand I can't lift heavy loads, but try to find things that can keep me busy and useful without hurting me. They want whats best for me. Things continued to get worse. I get a letter in the mail stating that I have an Independent Medical Examination scheduled. I go to the appointment. Several doctors were there to examine me at the same time over period of about 10 minutes. They send me home.One day I decided to let my chiropractor know that I needed to find a way to recover. The chiropractic care wasn't cutting it anymore. Though I made drastic improvements from my initial injury, I was beginning to develop chronic pain. The pain was slowly getting worse and worse. I never got referred to imaging, physical therapy, massage, or anything else that might be helpful.  I decided to ask them if that was possible. They decide to look into it, and see if I can get approved for imaging and physical therapy by L&I. Next week, my claim is closed, right as I'm on the brink of finding something that could help. Unable to afford chiropractic, I continue to work full time in pain, until I end up essentially bed ridden a few weeks later. I can't take it anymore. I schedule an appointment with my GP. Get imaging done. Get a referral to an orthopedic specialist. She refers me to physical therapy. Been paying out of pocket for all medical bills since August. I've exhausted my savings and I can't work. Meanwhile, my Dad (the only one with an income right now) got a huge pay cut. He was one of the few in his position at his company able to keep his job, but he took a 35% pay cut. In an area where rent is nearly 2k a month on average, this is really bad.This stress led me to relapse on pornography. For me, when I was a kid, the addiction was terrible. It destroyed me. When I relapsed, I began to recount certain memories. I was involved in an unwanted sexual experience when I was 5. Before that, there were a few other things that were traumatic that I can't fully recount at the moment. I know something happened. My body remembered. I was very young. Probably about 2 or 3. I started having nightmares and dissociating severely. My parents helped me put that habit away again. I've been clean since September. I went through most of my savings the last few months to afford medical care. As I said, been paying out of pocket for GP visits, opioid pain meds (which are the only things that work, unfortunately) orthopedic specialist visits, and physical therapy. I'm trying to get my case reopened. There was hope last week when I got a letter saying it was reopened, but within 24 hours, they closed the case again. I have $190 in my savings account now. I can't make any more than $150 a month with my current schedule. I can't afford medical care that will get me better so that I can get back to work (had to cancel PT 2 weeks in a row.) L&I is taking forever, even with lawyers on the case. I don't have training in anything else. I'm in pain and I don't know what to do financially. Also just found out a couple days ago that the Paid Time Off I was going to use to pay for the medical bills (I thought I had 50 hours available) didn't exist. It was a glitch in the account. They felt bad, but did provide evidence that proved it was true. I believe them, so it's not anything sketchy. They just have to be fair, which I totally understand. Unfortunately, I have to cancel all further appointments for physical therapy. I'm also Type 1 Diabetic. I was forced to cancel my appointments with my endocrinologist because I can no longer afford care. My parents can't afford to help me out either, unfortunately. They do what they can, but it's just not possible for them to help me the way they want to. I do have a lawyer, but everything is moving so slowly. Quite honestly, I don't see things ever getting resolved. Every night I go to sleep and have nightmares. I wake up with a soar jaw because I'm clenching my teeth so bad. Has anyone ever gone through something similar? What should I do? Are there any resources available for people like me? Can anyone offer anything more than condolences? I need advice. Please, please help. I'm losing hope. I need something that can actually help me get out of this situation. I'm so incredibly desperate for something to change. I don't know what to do.
I am god damned sick and tired of being alone. It has always been like that in this shit thing that people call life. Do I have friends? Yes, I do. But it's not that kind of alone, just to make sure...Just as an example of me being a piece of unlikable trash: in 2011, I was walking through school in another ordinary day. Then, this boy says I like a certain girl (I really didn't, but I said "Ok, I do like that girl". Later on, however, I do begin to actually "like" the girl.). Okay, so the girl knows I "like" her. Do you want to know what she said about me? It's hard to translate (At the time I was living in Brazil) but she said something along the lines of "vision of hell" or what the hell is supposed to visually look like, basically. Now, answer me. How can I be likable? I won't ever find someone who I can love and who can love me, who I can be intimate with. This is not something that I wish. This is the opposite of what I actually want. Yes, I am 17 years old. I am "young". Does it matter? I will still probably die alone. So, I am sorry. This is not the *sole* reason why I want to kill myself, but it is one of the reasons.I cannot stand this anymore. I will finish everything if it means I won't suffer this shit anymore. Fuck me for being so shitty, unlikable and unworthy of being loved. I hate myself, I should die. I should commit suicide. 

Hey, I'm a high schooler that helps a lot of people with whatever they need help with. But when it comes to suicidal people, I don't always know what I can really say to help. I try my best, but if anyone has any advice as to what to say to help these people, it would be hugely appreciated. I always try my hardest, but I sometimes fear it's not enough. Again, any advice for me to help these people would be greatly appreciated. 
I burden those around me.
It feels like everything I do just ends up being one big whopping failure. I applied for a job after months of begging my mom to let me get one, had a reference that worked there, and didn't get it. I dropped out of chemistry because I was failing the class. I was removed from participating in my schools science fair because I missed a meeting. My mom focusses all her attention and money on my sister even though they fight all the time. I can't afford to go to a decent college, don't qualify for scholarships, and the only one close by that I can maybe afford doesn't offer courses for what I want to go in to. I'm part of my schools theatre group, won two awards last year, auditioned for one of the main roles this year, and today I just found out that I've been put in the ensemble while a dude who screwed up his audition and was a dog in last years play got the part I had tried for. This all has mostly happened since the start of November. Suffice to say, it has been a very shitty month.My mom doesn't give a shit about me. I told her I was transgender last year and she still won't acknowledge it. I told her I was suicidal last year and the most I got from her was "talk to your school counsellor." She blames me for things that aren't my fault, thinks the solution to every problem is yelling, and spends practically all the money she and her boyfriend earn on cigarettes and fast food. My dad is better but he's a lunatic who buys in to conspiracy theories and pyramid schemes and I'm 98% postivive he's mentally ill himself.im ranting.My point is things have been shitty for so long and lately all they've been doing is getting worse. My family fights, I can't really 'come out,' I hate my body, nothing I plan to do ever turns out right. Even if I could tell people I'm transgender, I wouldn't be able to afford hormones or surgery or anything like that.This has gone all over the place but that's it. I'm just tired and sick of everything and right now I don't see how I can turn things around
I never thought I would get to this point in my life considering how much I love life. I just can't believe this has been done and I don't know how to handle it. It's gotten to a point where it's just my word over hers and I can't handle that.

Suicide is something I have been giving a considerable amount of thought to as of late. If? How? What to leave behind and for whom. Notes and possessions, is that really all thats left after it all?What I do know is that this has all been hard for a long time, I am absolutely exhausted of life and when I really think about, I can trace it all back to when I was 14 or 15.I know that after that moped accident, my mind does not work the same way that it used to. Early memories are not there, and while people tell me how intelligent I am, I know that I am not what I used to be. I dont have those warm and fuzzy childhood memories that people seem to have in shadowboxes in their minds. Were they ever there to begin with? I suppose its only when you are older that you take time for that type of reflection and by then if you havent taken a net to those memories, maybe they disappear?Looking at how my relationships have evolved with, and perceptions have changed of my parents through the years, I honestly dont know what my childhood memories would look like. Mom, where are you? I dont find myself talking to other people about you that much and I honestly think its because I dont know who you are. Were we ever that close? Why did you think that walking away from the marriage, meant walking away from everyone? You left because you couldnt take the abuse anymore, which I dont fully buy, but what did you think leaving me alone with him would do for me? Did you care? Anthony was sent to jail, dad was heartbroken, and I was alone. To this day, you never make the effort. I see TV shows and movies where the characters make such a fuss about their mother calling and bothering them all the time, but adverse to their reactions, all I can think is: what a luxury. I never hear from mine unless shes moving and needs help carrying furniture.Dad, I know that you did the best that you could. I do. Bipolar Disorder has been your white whale as long as I have known you and while there has been a fair amount of struggle between us over the years, I cant fault you for it. When mom left, it was just us and a few giant holes to fill in our lives and hearts. Anthony was in jail, losing his sanity, and there you and I were. Seemingly 2 strangers sitting in a house that felt empty for so many reasons. You retreated into yourself and then to Cindy, both of which I understand. If the woman that I loved for 20+ years decided to leave in a puff of smoke and not to reappear for months on end, I dont know what I would do.I spent a lot of time alone in that house, sitting in that empty bedroom thinking about how it all went wrong. I was 15 and remember Mom talking about how important of a year it was supposed to be, and it turned out that she was right if only in a way that she could never have imagined. That was the year that our family shattered.
It was extremely unfortunate to be born in the age of AIDS and be gay. A disease that ravages and destroys my body, less I pay ungodly amounts of money to pay for the medicine and deal with the rude, greedy doctors, is my future. Surely there could be no worse fate. I am 22 now and enjoy have sex with other men. I suppose someday many years from now young gay males will speak of AIDS as something they're glad they don't have to deal with, I was not that fortunate. Suicide makes sense.
I've realized that all of my family are pretty shitty people.  My mom and dad recognize my problems but then antagonize them and don't even try to fix them.  When I just told my mom I had lost all motivation, she said "okay bud, just make yourself fail".  I honestly see no point to life when i have to stay with these two for 4 more years.  They are keeping me here, forcing me from boarding school.  They are Shylock, and I Antonio.  They shall take naught but a pound of flesh, naught but four years with me, and no more time, I will see them no more after my 18th birthday. 
My sole purpose in this life was to make people happy and I think I'm failing. If I can't make other people smile then I can't smile myself. I just want to move on. Be reincarnated or whatever the fuck happens. I guess I feel this way because of school overworking me. I also feel this way because my ex broke up with me because she didn't want to be in a relationship because her parents were divorcing which I understand completely albeit with some sadness we parted ways but stayed friends. Turns out as soon as she left our relationship she goes and starts dating someone else. Why wasn't I good enough. Why. I ranted on my story with a small line that goes something like, "DONT YOU hate those people that make you regret ever knowing them" it wasn't directed at her but she texts me with a screen cap; you mean me? I just respond with lol and boom the friendship I thought we sorta had gone she blocked and muted me on everything. What a bitch. But maybe it's me. It has to be me right. I wasn't good enough. I began to feel she didn't want to be a thing but she was always saying how might she haply being with me. We made plans but when the time came she made up an excuse not to make it. But she never suggested rescheduling. Now she hates my guts and wishes I die and so do I. I want to talk to them just to part on good terms but I don't know. Back to being suicidal... I guess she got me worked up. I made a friend I recently moved she's nice. I don't like her I mean she's nice in a friend way. My neighbour was attacked by dog and almost died I feel bad my new friend was her best friend. Emma's mom is very sweet and I'm so sorry for her it's just fair bad things happen to good people you know. Whatever See me. I'm just a slightly underweight guy. I've got friends everyone says I'm cute or whatever but I don't see it. I know I work for it but I don't accept compliments. I don't think anyone e really cares about me. I'm certain my parents would be sad for a little bit but then they'd have to stop paying for me so that's good. They can finally start dancing again and being happy. My friends might miss me for a day or two. Tori might be sad she doesn't have anyone to talk to in French but that's okay she's good at making friends. Maybe no well this one girl is also depressed with me but she's good at controlling herselfI cut. I began cutting a month ago and it just better than being sad. I don't know why I began to cut this was before the break up. It just felt right. My bed has blood stains but ehh. Now I'm not sure what to do. I'm struggling with a minor drug addiction mostly adderall xanax and opioids but not heroin just shit I find. It's not really struggling it's just it takes the edge off or makes me forcused for papersI wrote a 5 page essay on Lincoln today it's due Monday and it needs to be 6 pages but I just got to his presidency so I think I would be getting a camera for Christmas. Nothing over $500 but the d3400 is promising. I think I want to kill myself because it's better than making people unhappy. I made my ex happy and now she's happy again but for a short time I made her unhappy. I think if I gain the courage to end my life I'll overdose on about 80mg of oxycodone that I bought. I'm not a heavy users the max maybe 10mg a day so 80 should end me. It'll be peaceful I hope. Better than slitting my wrist and dying in pain. I really want to kill myself but if I do people will only be more disappointed in me but if I'm dead does that matter. I'll be KNOW as that kid who killed himself over nothing It's not nothing it's my life why don't you understand. I have feelings toI want to be held by someone who cares about me. And not just a friend someone who wants me to live someone who is happy they see me. Someone who's Day gets better when I'm there. Right now I think I'm the opposite everyone's day dims Dowm when I'm around. Everyone goes oh it's him again don't say this don't say that. I mask what i feel so other people can be happy and I'm okay with that but recently other people aren't happyI went to the rich part of town and snuck around to see the river. It's so nice. Florida is nice. I wish I lived on the beach. I haven't eaten anything in two days. Maybe the adderall affects me? Hat post I made about pizza is old pizza I had on my phone. All my friends say you'll be better but right now better is darkness and darkness is ending itI'm lost music isn't helping video games a little I like writing but I give up when I lose my train of thoughtI came up with "he went from the limelight to karaoke" I thought thTs smart but no one else doesIf you're still reading this thanks but who would be no one cares about me Maybe one person but people get over other people. I've lost friends and they've been okay so why am I any differentTruth is I'm not I'm just. Doing average depressed with a few days left to live joe. I want to die but I don't think I can take my own life right now. We'll see 
Let me start things off by stating that I'm relatively young, 17, and I've never been depressed before. Or even really sad for that matter. I know there's a good chance that everything I'm feeling is just teen angst, but I can't exactly make that judgement for myself. I know it's kind of stupid and shallow to kill yourself over a girl, but allow me to explain my circumstances. It was both of our first relationship, and we'd been together for around 5 years. Every formative experience that I've had as a human being was had by her side, with her best interest at the forefront. I never really asked for much and always did as much as I could for her because, really, it was making her happy that made me happy. It was incredible to figure out the ebb and flow of growing up with another person. But that's all done now. She left me cold, I still don't know why, everything was perfect, like it always had been. But if it makes her happy to be away from me then that's how it has to be. Anyways, without the distraction of her in my life the realization has set in that I've grown to despise most of the people that surround and love me, and nothing I make myself do makes me happy anymore. I don't think it's just a time thing either, I've let this whole thing fester in me for a good while and its only gotten worse. I feel incredibly lost and isolated. I can't even talk to anyone, and by extension I can't talk to anyone about not being able to talk to anyone. I haven't eaten in a couple days now, and all I can think about is taking my own life. Any attempt to distract myself with other thoughts or activities just feels hollow and everything just circles back to grief. I don't feel like I have a place anymore, and I'd rather end things off as close to a high note as I have than let it wither and trickle down to even more nothingness. Pretty much everything in my life has been honestly perfect up until the last few weeks, I know life is going to be rocky and bumpy and unsatisfying from now on, so why even give the effort? You turn off a movie if it gets shitty halfway through right? I'd rather my mark here be a perfect succinct little nugget than a drawn out fest of uncertainties and hardship. My plan is to write a personalized letter to everyone in my life that I care about, I've written 3 so far. I think I'm going to dress up, head down to the river I used to play in when I was five years old, and slit my writs so that the red runs with the water. Seems fitting, if melodramatic enough. Please, I don't know if I'm asking for help, or support, or deterrent, but I know I need something. I don't know if the course I'm taking is the right one, but I also don't know how to find out what is. 
I've let everyone down, I'm 19, dark skin, 5'5, ugly, scrawny, small in all the important places and to top it all off I'm a dumb balding pothead.  I threw away money we didn't have to put me through college only to get all D's and F's.  I wanted to be an engineer but can't pay attention to calculus for 15 seconds.  I got high and literally cried laughing at how worthless I am, it was one of the best laughs I've had in a long time while also being the ultimate low point of my life.  If I kill myself maybe I can reincarnate as a normal human being, fuck being a tree would be better than this shit.  I don't want to make my parents sad by purposely ending my life, I'll probably make it look like an accident, or just jump in front of traffic, maybe even make it look like it was a murder.
Sorry to bother you guys with this, but I just need to say this. A little background, I was born with a heart defect, which I barely survived and have always been toted as "the miracle"; I fail to see myself this way. Ever since I was a kid, I've been the bullied one. I never understood why. I tried to stand up for myself and fight back, but it never worked. I was extremely depressed throughout middle school and most of high school, but never had the guts to actually kill myself. I just could never get happy, no matter how hard I tried/put my mind to it. The main problem, I know, is feeling loved/wanted. I come from a family who always showed a lot of love (except when I talk about my depression - then it's just "get over it and get out of that mindset). I've always felt love from them, but I've never felt it from anyone else. I have a lot of "friends" now that I'm in college, but I've truly never felt so alone. It doesn't help that I fall in love easily. I've described myself as a hopeless romantic many times, but I get led on a lot. And I know I'm looking for a girl to fill that void, and it's my fault and the wrong place to look. But I just want someone to love me and tell me I'm worth it. That my life is worth it. I've fallen for a girl with a boyfriend. We're actually really good friends, but I'm dying on the inside, because I need to tell her how I feel, but I know I can't handle he rejection right now. It makes me even more depressed than I already am. I don't see a future for me. I just see myself getting more and more hurt, living a life alone. And I can't handle that. They say it gets better, but in my 20 years, it hasn't ever gotten better, it just stays worse. I plan to kill myself within a year if nothing gets slightly better. I keep trying to look for the good, but I can't find it. Some of us are not meant to live or be happy, and I've come to accept that. Sorry to bother anybody, but I just needed to say this, because I have no one else to say it to. 
Everybody I love is leaving me, or already has.. Everybody at school makes fun of me, more so my body.. I can't make anybody happy...Everybody at school takes their anger out on me, yelling at me or pushing me, but I don't know why..what's wrong with me? Why doesn't anybody like me? I don't think anybody will care when I kill myself.. I don't know how much longer I can take this.. A few weeks? Days? I just want it to be over with..

We spend 8 hours sleeping (if were lucky), so that takes the day down to 16 hours. We spend around 45 minutes to an hour getting ready for work in the morning (down to 15 hours), we take 45 minutes to an hour commuting to work (down to 14 hours), we spend 8-9 hours working (down to 5 hours), then another 45minutes to an hour commuting home (down to 4 hours). After we get home, get changed out of our work clothes/check the mail/have a drink (10 minutes), prepare and cook some food (40 minutes), eat (30 minutes), wash the dishes (10 minutes), do some general housework/tasks/chores (30 minutes), maybe do some exercise (30 minutes) were down to around and hour and a half left that is genuinely free from any needs and responsibilities.Thats it1.5 hours out of 24 for us to do what we truly want to do. And there are serious restrictions on what we can do in that time as well  its often late, often dark, youre often tired, you cant do anything that takes more than about 1.5 hours because you need to be in bed so you can go to work again tomorrow.The weekends are better  but a significant chunk of that time is also taken up by catching up on the stuff you couldnt do during the week (laundry, yard work, shopping, etc).I genuinely struggle to find a reason to carry on when this is what life is like, and will continue to be like until I retire or die.How do people do it?When talking to people about this, the responses are typically these: *I love my job, so those 8-9 hours are fun for me* (Im happy for you, but most people wouldnt stay in their jobs if they had an option to not work), or *my friends/family/hobbies keep me going* (that stuff is greatbut we only have a minority of our time available for that. It doesnt seem nearly enough compensation for all the hours we spend working to me).Whats the secret sauce that allows people to keep on chugging away at life, day after day, month and month, year after year until they die? I honestly dont understand how anyone can look at this and think yes, life truly is amazing and a wonderful gift and I want to experience it for as long as I possibly can.
worse than usual. not sure if i can get through this timeedit: i think i am OK now... spent some time with familyedit 2: nope. it came back. done fighting. im going to kill myself before the semester is over. i have decided. bf is leaving bc its too hard but he just makes it worse anyway. im going to kill myself as soon as i get materials
Some background,I'm a 24 year old overweight white cishet male (this is important) currently in school for graphics.Every day I am bombarded by messages in mainstream media, in social media, in alternative media and elsewhere that I, being a white cishet man, am a demon incarnate.I am failing terribly to do anything of note in my graphics program. I have no work ethic which stems from my absolute disillusionment with the program itself. I hate it but I'm too deep to change.My body is betraying me, I'm type 1 diabetic and because of this I can't not be in school, I get benefits, otherwise I need to pay for drugs out of pocket which I can't afford. Cysts spring like grass on a warm spring's day from my skin and I need 3-5 surgical procedures a year to deal with them.I've nearly given up on finding love. I was sexually manipulated by a woman for the entirety of my high school years which gave me a raging case of insecurity which is making it hard to find a partner. I did find a partner and lost my virginity to her but then she died on christmas eve 2 years ago. I miss her dearly. The woman who sexually manipulated me has recently wormed her way back into my life and, through convincing me that she's changed, has begun to do so again.The only solace I have is two pet parrots whom I love dearly.There are worse stories out there, but I still feel extremely inclined to end it all. I don't have a future. I am, as I am told, the devil incarnate. Love won't ever find me. My body shouldnt be alive.Why am I here?EDIT: Why am I here in an existential kind of way, why am I still alive on this planet
I never feel like I belong anywhere. Even among others with mental illness I find myself sticking out, too functioning to blend in but too sick to be with normal people. I struggle to relate and socialize since my illness has had me isolated for years. I dont feel that I have the skill to join in on small talk or even begin to remotely related to regular everyday struggles. I try my best and in my opinion to do everything right. I take my meds and turn to my doctors when I feel an adjustment is needed. I reach out to my support team when I feel like Im slipping a bit too far. I find every type of program I qualify for and I join it, whether or not I stick to it is a different story. Im needy, I know that. I feel abandoned often and I hate being alone. No one can be with me 24/7 that I know. Its unrealistic. But the connections I have now are not deep. I recently moved away from the one person I cared about most and now our relationship is seeing each other once a week. I know I will never have the life I want with her. Thats what I want. A life. A family to belong to. Loved ones to come home to that miss me when Ive been gone for a few hours. Someone to banter back and forth with. Someone who challenges me in all the best ways. A stable home to call my own. Not setting up shop inside someone elses life. Ive been living through others for a long time. I dont know who I am or what my own life should be like but I know its not this, its not what it is now. Moved from one place to avoid feeling like I could get thrown out on the street at any moment to actually being on the verge of being homeless. Bouncing from one persons home to another never feeling safe or stable. Therefore my moods are never safe and stable. I can adjust my meds all I want but no one can change the circumstances that cause my moods to fluctuate. Im always on the edge of falling into a pit of deep despair. Im told I am cared about and loved but for some reason I barely feel it. Im well enough to know exactly whats wrong with me and why, but nothing I do fixes it. Its ongoing, relentless and has been destroying my sense of self for years. When things get tough all amounts of joy vanish. Simple pleasures like playing a video game or watching my favorite tv show provoke no emotions from me. Only one emotion exists and thats sadness. Even while medicated, seeing a therapist, going to a day center with others like me, reaching out to the few friends I have, nothing lifts me out of depression. And once that happens, then its a snowball effect. Everything sad, hurtful, traumatic that has ever happened throughout my life revisits my mind like new all at once. Now it becomes not just about possibly being homeless, but it becomes about having a traumatic childhood, its about having been abused, its about never finishing school due to a brain tumor & learning disabilities, its about not being close with my siblings, its about having an alcoholic father. The list goes on forever. Once that terrible chain reaction starts its impossible to get back to a base line of normalcy.This negative, compulsive, repetitive thought process is what leads some to thoughts of suicide. If Im already receiving the help I supposedly need and already am trying my best to combat my condition what else is there? Im not religious so I dont turn to faith or God. I try to be Buddhist and accept things for the way they are and realize that everything is temporary. But one thing that is not temporary is my condition. Ive been dealing with these feelings since early childhood. Therapy since I was as young as 8 years old. People say feelings come and go and that situations are temporary and that suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem. But If youve battled mental illness for as long as I have, if youve dealt with these relentless feelings of despair no matter how many medications you take or therapy groups you join, self help books you read, then you too might start to see the appeal to finding a permanent way to end your permanent suffering. I believe that some people are broken and cant be fixed. I believe that even if I was given everything Ive ever wanted right now I would still be depressed. Why? because thats what mental illness is. I dont know if I was born this way or my traumatic childhood made me this way but its permanent and I cant change that. Ive often been told to look at children who have cancer. To think of those less fortunate than me. To count my blessings and concentrate on the positives. I have family, we may fight, and stop talking to each other but I still have siblings who care and a mother who loves me like crazy no matter what. Ive never been homeless, It could happen soon but as of right now this minute I have a roof over my head and a warm bed to sleep in. Ive never gone hungry and I have clean clothes to wear. I have a few people I call friends though we rarely see each other. I am grateful for those things yes. That should be enough for happiness, but its not. Thats what mental illness is. Despair that sucks that hope out of everything no matter what viewpoint you have. Nothing anyone can say will make my life better. People tell me its up to me to CHOOSE to be happy. Its up to me to fight it. it being depression. I go down a checklist of distractions and things to do to get myself out of my own head. Ive even volunteered at animal shelter to give me a sense of purpose. Im a member at fountain house where I get assigned jobs that help the community run. I have way more than many others, I count my blessings and im still DEEPLY depressed. Thats what mental illness is. Despite your best efforts this illness can come at any moment and ruin your progress and swallow you whole.I am aware that their are many people with mental illness who are stable and leading happy productive lives. Good for them. But Im not one of those people. Maybe Im treatment resistant. Maybe I need to forgo meditations and go for electro convulsive therapy. its the only treatment left I havent tried. yes it causes significant short term and long term memory loss. Maybe i will lose some of the bad memories but maybe id lose the few good ones. Its a controversial treatment for sure and its used as a last resort for treatment resistant people. my therapist even suggested I research it. So far it has favorable reviews despite the memory loss. How sad it is that I have to consider sending volts of electricity through my brain to see if it lifts me out of this depression. To top it off Ive read the results are temporary and i will need periodic treatments for maintenance. Again a permanent problem. This is what mental illness is. A life threatening, permanent condition that devastates your life.lately everyday I am unsure if I can make it through the day. but somehow I do. I keep telling myself empty promises that tomorrow will be better, it will get better. but it never does. 
My parents told me they're going to kick me out if I don't have a job by new years. I can't handle working, nor do I really see a point too. I don't want anything from life so working for the next 40-50 years to not starve to death seems avoidable since I think I could find food when I'm homeless. Being homeless for the rest of my life doesn't seem worse than working for the rest of my life, but it doesn't seem better. So should I struggle as a homeless person for the rest of my life or find a way to end my suffering? 
My life Is  not terrible at all, I just dont know what to do. I just find myself thinking of taking my own life every night at bed, I simply cant find a reason for me to live, the only reason keeping me from taking it is my family, friends etc.. But I simply I cant see any future for me. This is probably a quiet common post but I just want to ventilate somewhere because there I dont know where else to talk to or whatever. Also, english not my first language
I'm tired of thinking and feeling worse and worse each day. I just want it to end. 
Right now it's my first time in a long while I have the feeling of no hope. The release of death would be better for both people on either side. How can I get sense talked into me? 
I simply cannot do this another day. May you all be stronger than I was. I see no point in carrying on.  It's simply time. If every day is to feel like the past few years, or Heaven forbid yesterday, I simply want nothing to do with it. I m sorry that I am so weak. May each of you find some strength to keep holding and pushing on. I'm simply out of compassion for myself.

I see a lot of stuff I don't like in this world. I see injustice in society. I see people profiting off of the rest of the world and I just get so upset that I can't even articulate how I feel, or what I want to do.I look at the world and see that I never wanted to be here. I didn't choose to love where I do or when I do. I didn't choose what are meant to be life goals for a person. I feel like I'm trapped just being in this world.I've talked to my family and everything but the thing is I don't really know of o want to get any better. I can take medicine but then what the fuck am I but a person living with a shroud over what really concerns me. I feel like the most sober I ever am is when I'm thinking in a state of mind that is negative. I can go months at a time where I feel good and don't think about being sad, but when it comes down to it, thoughts like those are what exist deep in me. They are my core values. I don't have a religion or anything, just what I believe is wrong or right. I know that I shouldn't be upset and should try to better myself but what's the fucking point. No matter what I try to do I'm just treading water. I say that since this life is the only one we're given, I should try to make the most positive impact that I can, or just experience the most things that I can, but either way I'm just filling my life with stuff. How am I supposed to find a path in life that isn't just shuttling through time?
I just tried suicide by strangulation, but before I passed out, I ripped off the cord I had tied and couldn't stop shaking violently. I don't know what to do. It's 5 am local time and I can't stop having breakdowns.. I want to end it.. now..
I wrote another post on this topic. Fourth time is not the charm. In fact, I almost died overdosing on Codeine, Xanax, & Oxy. My liver almost failed and took me along with it. I actually wanted it to work this time. Fuck. Another Psych Ward. Bunch of people who don't understand & "empathetic staff." I'm so sick and tired of this back and forth. Why don't I just die already?
I just left my psychiatrist and he gave me a package of information to consider ECT, otherwise known as shock therapy. The idea of it terrifies me but I think more from misperceptions about it. I don't know anyone who has experienced it. Has anyone here tried it?  Want to share your experiences?  Good, bad and the ugly. 
Over the course of this week...I was fired from my job. I lost my wallet which had my state ID, SS card, and $200 cash. My phone bill for next month will not get paid. I never had the academic chops to succeed in school. Or social chops to make friends or lovers. I lost interest years ago. I keep a journal and talk to myself (out loud if it's been a particularly bad day). So I dove into the working world head first as soon as I got the chance. Dropped out in the 11th grade. Got my GED. Been working ever since. But now I am off my stride in the worst way. I put all my eggs in one basket so to speak and now that basket has been run over by a speeding bullet train. If anyone can learn from my mistake. Leave your social at home. NEVER carry cash if it's not what you usually do. At this point I'm just ready to end it all. I have not been diagnosed and I am not on meds but I have known depression for a lot of my life. I keep my hardships to myself cause who wants to hear about someone else's problems...I don't...Unfortunately for me though I have screwed up beyond repair this time. All I know is in the face of homelessness I choose death. I see everyday the plight of the homeless in my society. The false hope in their faces. I'm human and I make mistakes. I lost something I was supposed to keep up with. I lost it at the worst possible time. But I will not be homeless for it. I will not be pitied or shamed. I will not live an even more undignified life. Not if I don't have to. I'm glad I told my family I'm an atheist before hand. That was a big disagreement. But they loved me anyway. Before I end things I want to let them know how much I love and appreciate them. They are great loving people. And I just wanted to see them succeed. I wanted to see my kids(nieces and nephews) grow up to be amazing adults. I don't want to fight a futile fight...but for my kids I will. Even though I know in my heart of hearts how this will end. I mean it's shameful any way you dice it. At least if I had cancer or was disabled or in a coma I'd have an excuse but I'm not that lucky. Never have been. So when I go to try and replace my ID cards and they deny my applications, when my phone is cut off and I'm unable to get a job or take care of myself...I will have no regrets. As long as I know I did all I could. As long as they know I love them. I will have NO regrets or fears about what comes after.
Here I am recently turned 18, just finished highschool and now auditioning for Bachelor of contemporary performance (voice). I worked so hard on my voice and sang everyday for 2-3 hours since 2014 but nothing seems to be going right. No one appreciates my singing and everyone glosses over some girl being the best singer in my grade and i just feel so let down and angry and jealous. I feel like I work so hard for my dream to come true but it comes easy for so many other people. It's my dream to be recognised as great but no one even looks at me. I even began working on piano and guitar just to take one step further in becoming a singer but now i feel like theres no point. Recently i did an audition for this uni that i really wanted to go to. Instead of being offered a bachelor, i was offered a diploma. But I know my parents would be upset and I, myself was so let down and disappointed in what I got. I havent even told them about what i got because I know they are going to be disappointed. I just dont have the energy to talk to my parents and just reply with one words because Im so tired and sad all the time but my mum doesnt understand and yells at me for being selfish and not caring about her. Its just my mind is going crazy, I want to achieve my dreams but its so hard. At that uni they said I had a nice tone/good voice but i lacked breathing control and vocal control and intonation. I called them back asking whether i could still do Bachelors instead of diploma and desperately asked them and now they are offering me a second shot of auditions with the head teacher of that department. I really appreciate that they are giving me a second chance but now i feel so useless and so tired of trying so hard to achieve my dreams because every time i try singing to someone my anxiety gets in the way and i stuff up. I just dont know what to do. No matter how hard I try to be brave and confident to sing to someone, I keep lacking the ability to display my full potential because Im always so scared. Recently I keep having self doubts on whether i can even become a singer and just kind of want to give up and just leave this stupid world because its so hard. edit: i would appreciate it if i have someone to chat with... feelin really loney and tired and just hopeless 
Yesterday while my family was away at my cousins house for Thanksgiving I planned to hang myself. I couldn't do it because picturing my mom finding my body made me break down. So I played video games instead. I don't know if I can handle another painful day like yesterday. 
Why continue to suffer? Even of i get over this abyss i will be in another abyss in the future. Why not end it?
Hey, I only found this sub recently and I'm not sure if I'm doing this right but I feel really, really, bad and I guess just want to tell someone, or anyone. Honestly, if you read any of this, thank you so much. The idea that someone out there might kind of "hear" me is really nice, so thanks. I'm a senior in high school, almost 17(F). I've been depressed since about 13 and also dealt with social anxiety, self harm, and eating disorder-type habits (lots of restricting, binging, purging, etc. - weight has fluctuated about 80 pounds over the past 3 or 4 years, which has made me a little overweight for a time and underweight for another period. currently normal/average/healthy weight but thoughts about my appearance, food intake, etc. dominate my everyday life and make things 100000 times worse. Currently feeling massive and fat and disgusting from binging/eating emotionally during thanksgiving break since I've not been at school and have nothing to distract me and too much time on my hands, I guess. stupid problem, I guess, but feeling like I'm getting fat again makes me feel out of control and even more hopeless/despairing)I feel alone all the time. I've switched schools too many times, the first time because my parents wanted me in a school with a rigorous/prestigious academic program, but this last time because I wasn't allowed to come back - truancy/skipping class all the time, failing grades. At the time I smoked weed all day every day, for only about six months before my parents shut that down. I know that's justified and that I shouldn't be allowed to do that, but I miss it like  fucking crazy. It brought my grades down a lot, but depression did that already - I know there's the stereotype of the lazy stoner or whatever, but I felt like dying all the time whether I smoked or not, and the idea of doing anything was crazy to me. It wasn't caused by smoking, and it didn't go away when I stopped. Now I just have nothing to give me the relief I used to get from it. I miss smoking often enough to get out of my head and stop the constant, unrelenting feeling of pointlessness and apathy and boredom and despair and self hate. I miss looking forward to something, even if it's just getting high. I miss a reason to get myself out of bed, being able to bargain with myself that if I could get dressed, if I could pull myself together and leave the house, I could smoke and feel okay for a couple hours and then just smoke again when it wore off. I have no friends and the people who do try talk to me just do it because they feel bad for me. I don't see myself ever having relationships with people because I don't have anything to offer. I was seeing a guy (20) who I hung out with for a while and whose friends I used to smoke/drink with but I stopped months ago. I'm not straight either, and that plus the fact that he obviously didn't really know me/care about me made it too much to deal with.Getting with a guy who would have my back, be nice to me, whatever, was the only idea I had at the time, and I couldn't even make it work because I'm not attracted to guys. I miss having someone who pretended to care about me though, even if it was just so he'd have someone to sleep with or be seen with. But I just feel tired of trying to seem normal. I feel tired, period.I used to be "smart"- top of my class, etc. Now I'm retaking a class i failed last year and struggling to get all my credits in order to graduate on time. It's not even that much to do, but it feels insurmountable and pointless. I took the SATs and scored really high, even a perfect 800 on one of the sections, but it doesn't mean anything because I can't apply anywhere - my grades past sophomore year are basically trash and I dropped out of my AP classes because I didn't do any of the homework. I feel like a failure. I don't have a future and I hate everything about the present. I feel tired all the time. I feel like every moment is a struggle, and I know that sounds dramatic and self pitying and I know it probably is. I just don't know what to do. Everything is too much, and happening too fast. I want to hide somewhere for a few months and not have to feel the pressure from everyone and everything, I want it to be over. I wouldn't have chosen to be alive if it was up to me, so why should I have to keep existing because two people happened to have a child? I know none of us get to choose to be born or not so it's a stupid argument, but seriously, how can you be expected to keep doing this when it feels so consistently, unrelentingly, bad? and painful? and just not worth it?The idea of dying used to scare me on some level, even when I used to think about suicide really often. Now it just feels like the ultimate fucking relief. It makes me feel like crying when I think about it, not out of sadness or anything but just relief at the idea that this could end already. Like everything could finally just stop, you know? I want that so badly, I feel like it makes sense, like it's the perfect out. I know you leave people behind that have to deal with their relative's suicide but honestly the only people who would be hurt are my parents and sister. But I'm not even close to my dad, I know he'd get over it, and my sister's in college so doesn't see me much anyway, plus she has enough in her life that she'd be okay. I know my mom would be hurt but our relationship isn't even that great anyway - she used to be explosive and yell all the time, which she doesn't do as much anymore, but I think I'm more of a burden on her than anything else. She lets me go to therapy which I'm really grateful for, but isn't very supportive when it comes to mental health and so far hasn't let me try antidepressants even though my therapist has really tried to make that available for me. I just feel like humanity is full of pain/suffering/grief (as well as the whole spectrum of emotion, obviously) and if I died the pain anyone would feel as a result is just a drop in the bucket. That sounds awful and I know it, but if I was gone there'd be nothing tying me to this point in human history at all - the pain of people I know would just be the pain of people, period. I love my family and don't want to cause them suffering but at the same time I feel like they're better off without me anyway. Like, if I'd died years ago before becoming even more of a fuck up, that would've been ideal. Now it's just further downhill from here and in another few years I'd just wish I'd done it now. For the past six-plus months I've been going to therapy, first weekly and lately twice a week. I love my therapist and it's helped so much to feel like someone cares and is listening to me but now she's going on maternity leave through all of January, February, and March. I should feel happy for her, and I do, but I also feel totally alone. I resent her for having a happy life and soon, a family, and just everything. I don't know what I'll do without her - I used to deal with everything alone and I can't imagine going back to that. I feel like i've realized how deeply everything is messed up and now she's just leaving me with it when I would've been fine ignoring and pushing it all down - not to where I was happy or even okay, but where I could pretend it wasn't so bad. Normal people have friends or families that care about them, but i have to pay someone to pretend to give a shit and now even that person is leaving. I can't even tell the one person I'd go to (my therapist) because I'm not even justified in feeling like this - I can't tell her that I hate her for leaving and having a child when that's something I should just feel happy for her about. I feel like such a fucked up person.I know it shouldn't bother me so much but I just have no idea what I'm going to do. Everything is too hard, everything hurts and just makes me want to get away from it so badly. I don't care if it's selfish or lazy or something but I just want to give up. I see no options or future. If I died it would just be over, nothing, gone. If that's what I want more than anything, why can't I just be "selfish" for once and let myself? Anyway, I'm really sorry to write my entire life story here lolThis is hella long so I don't expect anyone to read it. Thanks reddit, for letting me have somewhere to ramble
I am a 21 year old female and having suffered from severe OCD since 12 and depression since 15, I just feel so tired. I know people live their whole lives this way and that scares me, because I don't feel strong enough to cope anymore, and suicidal thoughts are getting more often, and less fleeting. I have moments where I truly consider it, but I'm terrified of it at the same time, and I feel sick at the thought of hurting my SO and family.I am not getting any kind of therapy as I have previously had CBT and I just did not feel it helped at all, and I am not on anti depressants as my mother has always suffered from depression and having seen her reliance on medication growing up, it really scares me. If I go on medication, will it be a short term or long term solution, will I be able to come off it at some point or rely on it forever? I'm terrified of medication making things even worse because I'm struggling as it is. But then again, could things really even get any worse?I feel guilty for feeling the way I do right now, and even thinking of suicide, because I have done this to myself by not getting therapy or medication sooner. I plan to go to the doctors on Monday morning and push for therapy, medication and I want to discuss the possibility of me having borderline personality disorder, but last time I tried to mention that to a doctor I was laughed at and not taken seriously. I feel like no one takes me seriously, including my fiance, if I try to calmly tell him I feel like hurting myself or have suicidal thoughts his response is to roll his eyes or get irritated with me - I know he thinks I just want attention. I think perhaps it is because I have struggled with self harm since I first dealt with depression at 15, although the past few years I rarely do it as I try so hard to cope, maybe he has became desensitised to me wanting to hurt myself. I honestly feel like I am dying inside, I don't have any friends to turn to, or anyone that understands. I can't cope with even the smallest of things anymore, one fight with my SO and I'm hitting myself in the head because I can't take the emotions, they're too much now, they're worse than ever. Sometimes I look so calm on the outside but inside I feel physical pain, I cannot express the pain I feel in my chest when I am so sad and I feel so alone in this.I also feel guilty because of how my OCD and depression are affecting my relationship, I'm terrified of my fianc leaving me because I'm not normal, and expecting him to deal with someone who has these problems is just not right and not fair. Although he has reassured me he wont, the fear of him leaving me is still there and making my depression even worse. I feel hopeless and helpless, like I am just waiting for the day he will leave because I am not worth loving, I am completely worthless. I am at university at the moment, and when I go to the doctors on Monday I am going to have to try to get a note to use as evidence for extensions for all of my assignments due in soon, as my life has just been put on hold because of how I am feeling. I have bills to pay and no job at the moment, and I can barely get myself together most days, how am I going to cope with a job, whilst trying to catch up on all of the university work I have been missing and do all of my assignments, I am just completely unravelling and I have no support system and I have no one to blame but myself.I am sorry if this didn't make much sense, I struggle to even make sense of how I am feeling, it's so difficult to put into words.TLDR; Suffering from OCD and Depression, feeling guilty, the guilt makes it worse, I feel I have no support.
I'm going through a lot of anxiety right now. Im very down right now. please talkEDIT: Thank you all you helped me get through a horrible time. Thank you all so much!
My life.It really is a mess huh..? Ever since freshman year of high school, you've been skipping school consistently and you dropped out. But you found that drive to get your GED and you succeeded. I was so proud of you! But then you went into college, and you repeated what you did in high school. Youre a piece of shit. Why the fuck would you do that to yourself when you've promised that you would never do that ever again? Now look at you. You fucking promised. You fucking said you would better yourself but you can't. What the fuck have you done right? All you do is take shit. You're a fucking pushover. You can't even hold a job for longer than 4 months. And your co-workers didn't even like you. Even your girlfriend talks shit about you. And when you go to your best friend to talk about it, he leaves because you're a boring piece of shit. You aren't even close to your family are you? You look at your parents like they are your wallet. Fucking trash. Just end yourself. You really don't deserve anybodies attention. You're a freeloader. A person noone likes and you cant even talk right.Tonight is when I'm really going to disconnect from everything. What am I doing. I don't feel like I belong here. I don't feel good. I feel so down. I want help. I don't wanna go. But it hasn't been getting better and I don't think it will. My life. This is what it is. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/5euiie/reddit_india_i_have_decided_to_kill_myself/?st=IVYAY7VM&sh=d39803c5
I struggled all my life with mental illness and for a little while I scraped together a normal enough life. Then I lost everything good and was humiliated due to an episode of bipolar mania and psychosis. That was 2 years ago and since then I have been more or less bedridden with what is less clinical depression than realistic hopelessness.  The things I wanted in life are no longer available to me, and I don't want the kind of life that I can have now. Every day is fear, despair, loneliness and boredom. I take all the meds, but only because it seems like my minimal obligation. I hate myself so much more than I could have imagined during what I thought were my difficult teens and twenties, and there is nothing left to look forward to. Things do not get better. There is no reason to keep holding on. 
I've been feeling suicidal for the past 2 weeks or so. I feel lost and really broken, and I don't think I can be fixed. I lost a lot of money today cause I was scammed by someone on the internet who I trusted and they let me down. I was saving the money to buy my parents a wedding anniversary present and now I can't cause it was stolen from me. I can't get it back cause I was the one that made the mistake. I feel like shit, and no amount of telling me that it gets better will help. I've reached my tipping point and I know that some point soon I will try and end it.
Hello. I'm 21 and for as long as I can remember, I have never particularly wanted to be alive. If you asked 8 year old me if I wanted to live, and I answered honestly, I would've told you no. I have been through all of the traditional methods to try to rectify the failings of my brain chemistry. Dozens of doctors, psychiatrists, prescriptions, and a stay in the psych ward. I've run out of any faith I had in the way our medical system handles mental illness. I am (mildly) paranoid schizophrenic, (rapid cycling) bipolar, and have borderline personality disorder. These disorders make it incredibly hard to hold down a job. I have been living with my parents and serving no purpose for a couple years, due to losing my car in an accident and therefore my job. I received only several thousand dollars in compensation from that accident after eighteen months of waiting and spent all of it on garbage in three weeks, with nothing to show for it. It was enough to buy a crappy used car or even take a vacation, as I wanted to do both of those things.I feel like I know what I have to do to 'get better,' but frankly, I have no interest in doing any of it at all. It seems I would have to 'fake it until I make it' and that thought disgusts me. I know what a 'success' looks like in our society and I want literally nothing to do with the way we have framed achievements and what we consider to be valuable pursuits. I hated myself as a lying (read: bullshitting) salesman, as a meek middle manager, as a cashier, as a cook. I've only ever enjoyed one job, washing dishes, because I saw no way to do anything immoral or disagreeable. All I could do was make things more clean and make people more safe.  I have never wanted children, and don't really believe in monogamy. I will never feel free to 'be who I am' because 'who I am' was stomped out of me during my upbringing. I would've probably been a much happier person if I were allowed to embrace traits like sensitivity, compassion and kindness, but my father was always an angry, conservative, stern man. He made a great effort to impart a very vague, fluid system of morals that I am to obey. He made himself into something of a god figure to me and my sibling. I feel that both my sibling and I have crafted our personalities to keep us safe from our father's rage and contempt. It was almost like if we were to act against his word, we would be sent to hell. And in many ways, I think we both still have that feeling as adults.His father, my grandfather, killed himself two months ago. He was depressed and suicidal for a long time and the last thing my dad said to him was to go ahead and do it but not to leave him a mess. Obviously there is more nuance to this situation, but the facts remain. Both of my parents have justified this by saying that my father tried to help his father many times, and it was okay for him to die because of his advanced age and deteriorative state. I am no expert in philosophy but this reasoning does not compute in my mind. You either believe someone has a right to their life or you don't. It is apparent to me that our lives are only considered important when we are valuable to each other. Our worth is measured by our ability to produce for each other and the State, and our ability to create and raise more children to do the same. It is because of this that the only way I am to be happily assimilated into society is if I start treating myself like capital and considering others for their transactional value and not as thoughtful humans with their own wants and needs. I feel that the only reason I stay alive is to satisfy my family. To deliver them from suffering. I have told them this a few times, not to threaten or upset them, but rather to be candid and truthful. After an argument with my father last week, he told me to pack my things, which is understandable due to my age and demeanor. I am appreciative of the support and sympathy they were able to give me for as long as they have, but I must admit that I find their desire to keep me alive rather selfish. Not that this is a bad thing, I simply find it ironic to be called selfish and a martyr so often by my father because of this. He is a toxic man and perhaps it will serve me well to get away from him but I think it may be too late for my psyche. I've spent my whole life mentally enslaved to him, the only way to repair something like that is to instill yet another delusion. He bought me a ticket back to my hometown at the end of this month, thousands of miles away, where my sibling still lives. My mother called my sibling, who called me, crying and begging me not to 'leave them' by ending my life. They offered me a place to live for the time being. In the last few days, we have spoken every day, and they are doing everything they can to help me get set up, find a job, etc., and I am entirely discouraged but back to pretending like I really want to do this, 'getting better' and 'being productive.' I think this is because of my Borderline Personality Disorder... I'm likely to reflect whatever energy you throw at me. But the reality of it is that I'm still entirely uninterested in any of this.I also have several thousand dollars in debt. My credit score was in the mid 400's last I checked. The offer of a living situation from my sibling is only temporary and I do not see a way to get into a better financial situation to move out, much less that and 'get healthy' at the same time. My sibling has an SO that they are obviously very happy about and I hate that I inevitably be in the way of their relationship for even a short period of time. I have no skills, no education. I have applied for over 100 jobs in my current city and had only one interview that I have had several bad dreams about, it went so poorly. I will move in with my sibling and try to get a job. I don't have any money or transportation, and I don't believe that I'll be able to hold a job down if I can even get one. I'll give it a shot, for my family, even if they don't have any discernible feelings of fondness for me, or me for them, in truth. Even though they patently don't understand, and don't want me around, but want be to become successful so that they may reap the benefits, even if those benefits are only pride. This is my last attempt. If I haven't found a decisive and effective way to improve upon my life in a year's time I will end it, as it is my right and has long been encroaching on being too much to bear.I don't really expect replies. I just hope that if you read this maybe you can reflect on some aspects of it yourself and maybe they'll help you. I used to take solace in commiserating but I am disconnected as ever. Perhaps this is my attempt to feel that way again. 
I reached out and was told the same things that everyone tells me and was cut short before I actually got any help. Basically went from "we are here to help" to "I hope you get better"  Maybe if i told them I was suicidal instead of "I can't muster up the strength to get up in the morning" they would have done something. I'm just even more depressed after that.
I'm a long time stalker of this subreddit, which I know is a strange thing to say. But I have been thinking of ending it all on many occasions. It's just now it feels like an ever increasing feeling like this is the right thing to do. Right now my fiance is out with his friends from work so I guess it would lessen the impact of him finding me. I was also wondering if there are other things I could do, such as tidy up things which could make things easier for him to handle my passing? 
I don't know why I thought this would be a good idea, but fuck it, here it goes. I work retail, I always have, but this is the first holiday I've worked in nearly 5 years where I'm not a manager, and I feel completely useless all of a sudden. I've been battling depression since I was 16 (23 now) and I just don't want to deal with it anymore. I was at work last night until 3am, never fell asleep, so maybe it's just my insomnia talking, but this isn't a life worth living. I hate myself, I hate that I'm overweight, I hate that I have no friend anymore, I hate that even though life is going well right now and I'm making more than I've ever made, I feel more empty now than I ever have before. I don't want this to become a "hey, don't do that" thread, I guess it's more so for who ever goes through my phone, so that they know why I decided to do this. Anyway, I hope you guys have a happy holiday, I'm glad that I won't have to deal with it again 
I've created a new account so friends and family dont find this.So I've been diagnosed with depression in the past but I'm over that now and I've made a full recovery thanks to psychiatric assistance in hospital.But somehow, I still want to die. I'm not depressed but I REALLY want to die. I just can't find point to live anymore- it'd just be easier to die. I've stopped trying in school because non of it matters if i kill myself. My grades are slipping and I just don't care. I've collected a massive store of drugs like codeine hyoscine, paracetamol, amyltryptamine and a bunch of others and I'm really tempted to overdose. I gave myself a date to do it- and that date was today the 25th of november. The temptation is so strong, it'd just be swallowing some pills and because of the variety of them there'd be nothing the doctors can do. I'd just die- gone from this world: not having to stress about exams, my future or friends- just death. I really don't know anymore. I'm only 15 but I feel its my time.
My brother. Cody. uses the name valdorterra on here and I've gone through his phone because my mother was to broken down to do really anything. He's took his life last night and I'm not sure what else to say. It's strange that he confided in an online social media network rather than his own family. I miss him and I hope he knows that. Thanks for listening
Hi, I'm lying here in my bed and thinking about my life. I need someone to talk to, otherwise I'll just be alone with my thoughts. I have a boyfriend and I love him very much. He's working like hell, and it's going to be so for a long time. We see each other on Sundays, I go to his apartment (he loves with his mother), we do stuff, I often digress into my depression-infused thoughs about how we don't have much time to see each other and how it makes me feel. I mean, there's no other way right now, but he's still frustrating. I'm getting a useless degree in sociology and am not sure whether and how do find a job in the future. Soon I may have to go to a mental hospital for a check-up because of army (I'm male), this way I'll be ineligible. I want us to live together in the future and soon, because I feel like the lack of time, communication and just touching is messing with my head like hell. I just want everything to be well. I don't know how do handle my thoughts. It's hard to just be. I don't know what to do. I don't want to kill myself, but I feel like I have to kill myself. Help.
i am tired. i am done. i am wrung out of all energy and motivation. depression and anxiety for the past six years and its goddamn exhausting. no, it WAS goddamn exhausting, now it's just a insufferable fact. i don't want to finish this year. i don't want to see my mother's hateful expression. family trouble, aggressive mother, accusing my dad and i of incest. my dad is the only person in my family i can trust. i called the police on my mother. it's a terrible thing to do, though it may be considered right in this situation. i feel like utter, run down bullshit. last year of school is putting extra stress on me and i just dont care anymore. i just dont feel anything anymore, fear of getting bad grades i just want to run away or disappear from this. i dont care anymore. and it scares me how much i dont care. 
I left a message. I left a plea. I miss her. She misses me. I don't understand why this cannot be. I am not good enough. I did not see. This isn't possible, it's simply not like her. She was everything. I was everything. Years went by so quickly. Now I'm a nothing and she has everything. My sacrifice for everyone left me a no one. The pain has an end with one cold breath. My fire is fading. Her ice is overtaking. If she won't see me nothing is keeping me. Goodbye to my heart. Goodbye to the world. 
I don't even know how people make friends. I tried, but I always fail. I'm tired. I'm fucking tired. There's nobody in my house now, it'd be the perfect moment to do it. 
Hi, this is a throwaway account. I tried to kill myself earlier today. I tried to hang myself using bedsheets, but while the noose itself works well, I can't tie it tightly enough to the side of my elevated bed, so although the height is good enough to hang myself from, the "rope" slips a bit when I get into the noose and let go of my support, so my feet end up touching the floor anyway. I tried 3 times and I tried to force it a little to strangle myself but it's not good enough.I don't feel regret for trying to kill myself, or sadness because of the people I was going to leave behind. I just feel pissed that it failed when I was so close for once. As you can see, I'm clearly not in the best state of mind. But I can aknowledge that it's not the right thing to do even if I really want to do it, so somebody please try to talk me out of it. I'm still focused on hanging myself and plan to order an actual rope from Amazon so it's getting close to being too late, and while I'd be more than happy about it it's certainly not the right thing to do and I can't reason myself out of it.
Death is going to happen eventually and I didn't choose to be alive, so what difference does it make if I go out by suicide. The thing that stops me is the thought of loved ones grieving, but everyone I care about will die too. Nothing really matters. I realize I should focus on living now, but it's a struggle. Everything I do just feels like a distraction until death, so why even bother.
I live in Europe, but I have a female (online) friend from Alabama who used to use meth-amphetamine. She's hallucinating and being extremely paranoid and keeps saying that she will kill herself. She's convinced that someone is mind-controlling her and so forth. When I recommended some U.S-based help lines, she got really angry.What can I do? I am not a professional, and I try to listen and be there for her, but I am afraid to say the wrong thing... Any advice would be greatly appreciated!

I don't know if I even want to go into listing all the reasons I have to end my life, can I can't seem to find any reason to keep going any more.  It seems like any ray of hope I find is just another crisis to break me.  I've lost everything and I have nothing left to keep fighting with and I think what I have left to keep fighting for isn't worth it.I can't go forward anymore.   I can't.  There's no path left for me.
I've struggled with mental illness my whole life. I grew up in a poor and unsupportive family environment. I was also severely bullied growing up. I even struggled with a learning disability in math.Despite my circumstances, I was able to work hard and get into one of the top universities in Canada. I'm studying social work right now. I was able to connect with a psychiatrist at university who diagnosed me with GAD, PTSD, major depressive disorder, social anxiety traits and atypical anorexia nervosa. I feel like I have nothing to live for anymore. I can't get out of bed because of my depression. I used to have so many aspirations and dreams. My grades at university are poor and I want to leave university at this point. I feel like I have nothing more to live for. I don't want to have a life like my parents. I came to university to change my life, but I'm heading in the same direction as them. 
I'll try to keep this short. Two years ago I was kicked out of my mom's house. My step-dad committed suicide and it caused her to start drinking again, which caused us to fight a lot. I was raised by my dad and he never let me or my siblings have any contact with her, so when I met her and moved into her house it was a really big event in my life. I now feel completely rejected by her, it's been two years and she still won't talk to me. After I "left" I stayed with a friend for a while but had to leave due to a misunderstanding with his parents. After that I was homeless. I hitch-hiked and traveled for a good while, and met some really good friends. We had a lot of good times and I wouldn't trade those for anything, but I couldn't handle it. I needed some stability. I ended up in NV with a friend I met while travelling, and we couch surfed his friend's houses while looking for work. It was his home town so he knew a lot of people. If you've ever been homeless and tried to get a job you know how hard it is. It ended up not working, he had had problems with meth before and he was relapsing, it turned him into a total asshole. So i said fuck it and left the state. So I came to colorado, and met a guy who offered me a room in exchange for work until I could get on my feet. I thought I was really lucky, it ended up being another mistake. I worked for him from the beginning of march (this year) until the end of september. He treated me like shit, I worked for him every single day for over 14 hours. EVERY DAY. He didn't pay me besides giving me rent, and my room was literally the size of a closet with no windows. It was big enough for my mattress and a nightstand, I had about 3 square feet of floorspace. I knew it was unfair but there was nothing I could do if I didn't want to be homeless, so I kept pushing myself through it, lying to my dad and other family members and saying everything was ok. I dont know why I didn't tell them the truth, they just all seemed so happy that I was off of the street and I didn't want them to worry about me anymore. I met an older lady at one of his houses (he rented rooms), and we became pretty close. She felt bad for me and wanted to move too, so when she ended up finding another place she let me stay with her. That brings us to the present. I'm still living with that lady, trying to find work, but I have such a large gap in my work history that it's almost impossible to get hired. I can't use the guy I worked for as a reference because things didn't end well. This lady is supporting me a lot and she's had to go without things she needs because of it. I feel like such a drain and a piece of shit, but I'm helpless. The only family member who still talks to me is my grandma. I have one really really good friend who I've known since I was 16, I'm very very much in love with her.. She is the only human being who I feel actually understands me. It's been a few months since we last talked, I send her a message on facebook every once in awhile but she never reads them anymore. We used to talk every day, without her something just feels wrong. I can't explain it, it just doesn't feel right. I don't have any friends, every one I used to consider a good friend is now a stranger and has progressed so much farther than me it's like I can't even relate to them. I get the feeling that they all think I need to grow up. I tried calling my dad but he hasn't called back. I keep telling myself he's just busy but I think he doesn't want me to depress him on this day that's supposed to be happy. And I don't blame him, I'd get sick of my son too if I had someone like me as a son. I spent thanksgiving completely alone with no one to talk to at all.I wonder a lot if continuing to live and fight like this every single day is still worth it, or if I'm just the type of person that doesn't get to have a happy life no matter how much bullshit I have to go through. I can't keep being a financial drain on this lady I'm living with, she doesn't deserve it. I don't know what to do. I just want someone who has been in my situation to say that it gets better so I have something to look forward to, because right now I honestly have nothing to live for. So much for keeping it short. 
I'm not in debt anymore. I have a house. I have a wife. I am willing to start a family with her. I have a car and a job. I have a TV... Pc.. smartphone.. tablet... Dishwasher... Dryer and clothes washer... I have a normal life one should be lucky to have and happy to have.Despite this... I have no friends. I am unable to connect with anyone due to my aspergers... Social anxiety... Major depression and anxiety...I have tried in the past to kill myself on 2 occasions and failed...Things are seemingly good at the moment but I always have than splinter in my head... Driving me insane...Over worrying about how shit of a father I will be.. when the next wave of debt will hit me... When my wife will get fed up of me and leave me for someone stronger... When my car is gonna break down causing me more unexpected expenses I am unable to save for...It never goes away. I'm always worrying. I'm always having a good day... And when I go to sleep I get horrific nightmares I never wake up from... I have to endure it until the morning... And spend the day wondering why I had that nightmare.I'm on meds... Shrink visits... And I can honestly say nothing works. No matter what I always remember the bad things... The traumatic childhood... The beatings at school... The friends who betrayed and left me.. the cheating girlfriend who I considered marrying before this one now..I just wish I could find my bully from school and murder him... Divorce my wife... Murder my parents... Go fuck a sexy hooker with big tits and do some meth... Or heroin.. and then jump off a bridge and be done with it all...What's the point in any of this... If I can't feel happiness or feel normal like everyone else?I'm sitting in the car at work... Listening to some good music and vaping... With no debt... A wife... a house... A job... But I could not be more miserable if I tried.I guess it all started when I met this wife of mine. All she's done is cost me money. Fine she's lovely and I love her but... Marriage fucking costs... I'm so fucking sick of being poor... Having nothing for myself... And she waltzes home "hey look at these cool make up things I bought".... Grrrrr...Fuck it. Not all humans are cut out for this life. Some win.. some lose.. and I'm ok with that.I dunno if I will try die again... Maybe 3rd time lucky. Who knows... Maybe something good will happen and I won't feel like this anymore...But so many good things happened and I am still a miserable wreck.Fuck me. I hate me. I hate that I ever was made and brought into this world.
But I feel like posting here is a step in the right direction to bring honest with myself that this is the path I'm going down
My mother is an asshole but if I be an asshole back, she uses things that I've said in confidentiality back at me.I've been suicidal for a long time. I think I'm ready.
Its been 5 years of depression and anxiety, each year getting progressively worse. This year I finally decided that enough is enough. I've talked about my problems extensively on the internet and with (multiple) suicide hotline operators. I came to the realisation months ago that talking about my problems will not help.There is a huge emphasis on "reaching out" or "talking" however I've come very close to having the policed called on me multiple times because of how description I've been over the phone. I stopped calling years ago because of how useless they were (no offense). I imagine that years from then I would have conquered depression and anxiety and lived life to the fullest.I was wrong. It won.Past two years has been bad decision after bad decision and there has been no stopping the depressed, anxious and self-destruction part of my brain from completely fucking up my life. I honestly don't remember the last time I had a decent night of sleep. I decided months ago that I would through with a complicated method. I should've been dead months ago but a part of me always thought there was a way out. Last sunday I gained the courage to go out and purchase supplies.Talking has never worked for me, and statistically it will not work for some of you that are actually suicidal. What you are actually doing is prolonging your suffering as I had for the last few months. My post may go against rule 1.b of the guidelines but I just feel as a last thought that some of you should consider whether you're actually prolonging your suffering or actually making an effort to get out of depression. Your brain is very good at deceiving you if you have a mental illness. Many times I thought I was making positive changes in my life.Death for me will be an escape. I imagine myself slowly losing consciousness until I will reach a state where I will have no worries and will no longer be sad. 
Friends constantly make memes about wanting to die and encouraging death, and it's become such a popular thing to joke about. I laugh about them sometimes but it makes me wonder if anyone actually takes me seriously, or if they think I'm just participating in the joke when I say anything about actually wanting to die.Does anyone else feel this way?
Does anyone else have a problem crying despite being terribly depressed? I hardly feel like I have any feeling anymore and the only thing that makes me cry is thinking of killing myself. What makes me cry about it is just that I don't want to kill myself I just feel like it's the only option left. It makes me feel like I'm backed into a corner and it's the only option left. I can't wait for another hour until I can start really thinking about it again. 
i'm just tired.i'm tired of everyone i know being successful and happy except me. i'm tired of being the failure. i'm tired of being the target of pity.tried developing skills my whole life. failed at that. not good at anything. not good for anyone. just another mouth to feed. useless.tired of being bitter and angry and depressed and pulling everyone around me down. they deserve better than that.tired of being unable to maintain meaningful relationships, be they platonic or romantic. tired of never being able to communicate.no future. no hope. don't feel anything good anymore. just a quiet sense that i shouldn't be here. i do not belong here. i am taking up space that someone else could use, someone good, someone worth it.not sure how i'm going to do it yet. will figure it out. no point to this post. just venting. thanks.
Hello all, this is a newly made account because well, cant have people who know my main account seeing this stuff.  But I am 17, turning 18 this February. I have not been officially diagnosed with anything due to my fucking awful parents. More on that later.  But I think that for once in my life I think im allowed to feel my own feelings. I just want to write down this stuff so someone sees it, I need feedback and some sort of human response.  What has urged me to post this is that moments ago, I just sat back in my chair and my mind thought over suicide for one of the many hundred times its happened this month. Usually I just dismiss it, think of your friends! Think of your non-shitty family members, they would miss you. Think of all the stuff you wont experience.  But no, this time I just thought. "Wow, id be gone and be left with no hard feelings. I would be free." And I smiled, laughed and just reveled in the idea of just not existing.  But why am I thinking like this? Well it's really just a bunch of things, ranging from personal issues, family issues, work issues.      I have been known to self harm, I believe about 2 summers ago my mom saw the underside of my arm. I had rows and rows of deep cuts along it I had done earlier that day in the shower. My mom seemed worried, acted worried. "What would have happened if you cut an artery and bled to death? Is that what you want? Do we need to see a shrink?" Ugh "Shrink" thanks, mom. She eventually settled on "I wont tell your father if you promise not to do it again." the one person who'd actually get me real help and be genuinly concerned, she knew I wouldnt tell him on my own and wouldnt speak against her on it. See my mom likes to act like any negative thing I feel is my fault. Her reasoning was that im bored and need to get out more. I need to get a job so I wont have the time to do this. I've been to /r/raisedbynarcissists too, but eh, I dont know I dont think its much help. Anyways, her little fucking stunt of "dont do it again and it will be okay :)" just made me move the cuts onto my upper arm, where a normal shirt covers them. They have gotten deeper too, mom, and these scars that look brand new have really been there for half a year.  And would you believe it, this year in an attempt to get me to carve pumpkins for halloween, and I quote this nearly word for word.  "Well you know, you like cutting things with razors so maybe you can use your fascination of cutting things to make a cool design! :)"  I just gave her an angry glare and left for work, this was the first time any self harm talk had happened in a year and she looked at me like im the one who is crazy.  Another thing that bothers me is my gender dysphoria. I am biologically male, I have gone through many stages of "what the hell is happening" and maybe due to me still being in my teen years. But from ages 13-16 I thought I was gay, but then I thought I liked more than just guys so I thought of myself as pansexual/bi. But then I just stopped really feeling like a boy, I feel like a girl more often than not. My feelings on the matter change so rapidly between "am I a guy or a girl?" I just dont know anymore. I feel so lost on this and im ashamed of it. Why can't I just be happy the way I was born? Who am I to want to change the way I am like this. It is one big mess that just fucks with my head and never leaves me alone. I feel ashamed doing or enjoying guy things, or doing and enjoying girl things.  Onto another source of feelings of taking my own life. Is my job, it's a shitty understaffed fast food place. It has made me really just hate people. I hate the people I work with, the people I work for, the customers I hate. I currently only work friday - sunday so yeah maybe im just a shithead highschooler who has bad work ethic. I think that if I worry myself to the thought of killing myself to get out of work the week leading up to the days I am scheduled. It goes beyond having shitty work ethic, it's more of a shitty will to live I guess. I started working a couple months after turning 16, I quit earlier in the year, parents scolded me and gave me shit for it. It was the one place I knew I could get a job at easily and so I was rehired. I despise it more now than I did before. I know if I quit again, my parents would get even more angry with me and the thought of the worthless shitheads that work there talking behind my back just fucks with me. I know they would talk behind my back because they do it to other employees daily.  It's just my mind is constantly being fucked with, I am anxious of the future, scared to speak to anyone who can truly get me to the help I need. I am paranoid of completely trivial and stupid things. If I am lucky I dont feel some sort of creeping dread for 30 minutes once a month. Literally other than that im always scared of tomorrow, scared of later today, scared of the end of the week. My parents wonder why I dont talk to them. My answer to 90% of things is "I don't know." because I just fucking dont know. I dont know who I am, what I am, what I want to do, what im going to do. All I know is that im slowly losing control of myself and that now that my mind doesnt immediatly dismiss suicide it instead has me smiling and laughing at the thought of just not existing. That eventually I physically wont be able to hold myself back from doing it when it gets to that. It's just getting worse and worse.  Thanks all, to everyone who bothered.
I'm in my early 30's. When I was in high school, I was social, active, hardworking, and relatively happy. It was also then that I was diagnosed with psoriasis. In college it crawled all over me and completely hollowed me out. I was consumed by it. I started wearing longsleeves and jeans out of season so I could hide it; people would ask me why I was wearing jeans in the Summer in the South and I'd come up with some excuse. Nobody knew. I started to have issues with dandruff and began wearing darker clothes to hide it and became constantly conscious of if anybody was standing behind me. I started to gain weight. I stopped hanging around people. I started to wish I could crawl into a hole and never come out again. I didn't want people to look at me.My first dermatologist was shit. She gave me some cream that tore up my inner thighs. That, coupled with gaining about 20 lbs. gave me horrible stretch marks. I mean, like huge, pencil-thick lines on both of my inside thighs. I was already not swimming or wearing shorts, but that ruled things out completely. After a doctor or two later, I started phototherapy, which, if you've ever done it, is really dehumanizing. You basically strip down to a dong sock and goggles over your eyes for protection. It helped my psoriasis but would also burn my skin and increase my chances of skin cancer later down the road. I felt like a fucking science project, standing in that machine. I didn't feel human.I've had some career issues ever since college and have had trouble finding a job that is a good fit for me and being secure financially. I even went back to grad school for a bit, but I'm finding myself in the same boat.I turned to eating as a coping mechanism. I stopped doing anything active and was eating worse and worse food. So, not surprisingly, I continued to gain weight. I'm not overly obese like your stereotypical neckbeard or anything, but compared to how fit I was in high school, I'm ashamed of what I've become, and I hate meeting people from high school or even college now, because I can tell they notice. Because I've eaten like shit the past few years, I've developed IBS, and after three years of more doctors and more treatments, it doesn't look like there's an end in sight. Oddly enough, I eat a lot better now, but my symptoms are worse than they were when I was eating like shit.Any sort of relationship is unimaginable. In college, maybe I could've told a girl or two that I dated, but I didn't dare it, and those relationships have ended before we got that far anyway. And I have seen and felt my social skills slip ever since. I don't even know that many women now who aren't already married or haven't already rejected me. I've tried Tinder/Bumble, but after the first date, I never hear from them.Because I either didn't have insurance or didn't have very good insurance a few times in the past few years, I've resorted to clinical studies to afford treatment. This is where I have to let my psoriasis go untreated for months. My particular case doesn't get very red, but it spreads all over my entire body: scalp, face, ears, torso, arms, legs, even my fucking penis (once before). What the fuck. Then I can receive a study drug, which may or may not work. One time I was kicked from a study because I tested too high for depression. They made me see a psychologist, who diagnosed me with Major Depression. She helped me realize some of the trappings of my thinking, and tried to help me work with them. It worked for a while, but eventually I had to stop seeing her (money).So here I am. The drug that *was* working for me for a few months is starting to lose its effectiveness as psoriasis creeps down from my head and up from my legs once again, in a process I've become very familiar with now. I've stopped going out almost entirely because I'm usually too exhausted from work and I'm super anxious about either someone noticing my encroaching psoriasis or my stomach acting up (I once had the worst case of diarrhea in my life on a date at a pizza place--I wanted to die). My friends have more or less stopped inviting me to things; they know what the answer will be, spoken or unspoken. I have zero romantic options right now, and even the thought of that makes me anxious. I lost some weight earlier in the Fall because my anxiety was so bad I had stopped eating, but some new medicine for my anxiety/depression and stomach (which has helped a little) makes me constantly hungry. So I've gained it all back.**Here's your tl;dr:**So here I am. Almost in my mid-30's. A job that is stressful and I'm questioning if it's what I want to do. No romantic prospects. Dwindling friend circles. Financial struggles. Stomach issues. Crippling anxiety/depression. And, if it's not already obvious, absolutely zero self-control or self-discipline. I'm starting to feel like I just failed at life--I let my psoriasis get to me too much when I was young, and I should just save myself however long I have left (which can't be long or, based on the way things have been going, pleasant) and everybody else the trouble and just fucking kill myself.
I reinjured my back, I have been battling depression and suicidal thoughts for more than 10 years, and im crying :(
I was a spoiled child. I'd usually get what I asked for. I was able to avoid uncomfortable acts like chores and get straight to enjoyable things that wasted my time. I was somehow innately smart enough to get straight B's in all subjects without putting in effort.Then came the next level of education, and I was unprepared for the amount of effort required. I had not learned to really get hurting to succeed, like an athlete would when they're running on the treadmill trying to go further. Many around me had this grit, this ability to put up with bullshit to get what they want. I just flaked, and came out with no grades.That was 6 years ago. I knew then I wouldn't be seeing university. I would have to find a job and hope it went somewhere. After a year or so I had become depressed. I was sent by others to my doctor, to a therapist. After some time I was sending myself. I've had the support of a wealth of doctors, psychiatrists, therapists, psychologists, voluntary organisations, friends, family and employers. After every intervention it's the same: I feel better for a short while then fall right back into realising just how bullshit everything is, and I still don't have that grit needed to face the bullshit. After all of this I can see that there's no cure for pain or even a treatment, and to some extent I just have to man up if I want to get somewhere in life like out of my parents' house. Sure medication can change some feelings and therapy can help put things into a structure, but none of it will prepare me for the inevitable pain of the marathon ahead. I've learned that to get by you have to be willing to take the pain of life. You have to commit. I'm not willing, but there's another choice that takes just as much commitment and is just as frightening: the commitment to throw it all away forever. In this I don't get any pain, that's for the people around me who care about me. Every day that passes I feel more ready to commit. I have my plans, I can visualise them, I just need to do it.
My dad died at the age of 64 yesterday. He had a heart attack while driving to his house after thanksgiving dinner and crashed his car. I loved that old man like nothing else. After my mother died, he took on two jobs, working until after midnight to make sure me and my sister could live well. I remember how he seemed to be invincible. I just want to hug him again and say that I am sorry, sorry for all the times I made him angry, for all the times I couldn't make him proud. I just want to say goodbye, but I can't.
I really do wish I were dead. I genuinely don't want to live any longer.I've been in the hospital twice in the past MONTH for this shit and none of it is helped, as well as tons of outpatient stuff I'm doing now that is also NOT HELPING.I'm costing my family (I'm only 20) SO much money and I have no way to repay them; I can't even repay them by getting better.I'm too poor to have access to lethal means like guns and there aren't tall bridges or trains around me... and I'm afraid if I try I'll fail. That might not stop me from trying anyway but if I fail I'll be thrown back in some hospital and cost my family more money and it'll put a tiny bandaid on the problem ONCE AGAIN.If I could get a lethal injection at this moment I would. And I think I have some pretty dangerous alcohol/med combos. I'm just worried I'll be found by my roommate (she's nosy, but not usually in a bad way) or my body will reject all the drugs. Fuck. I'm so scared either way, I don't know what to do.
Apologies, I have been drinking, I hope this reads well.Last Tuesday my wife came home from her new job. She sat me down and told me she is no longer in love with me. She still loves me me, but is no longer in love with me and it is the end of our relationship. Our 13 year relationship, our 5 year marriage. 2 weeks ago I had a nightmare where she left me, I told her and she said she would never leave me.We have both have mental health problems throughout our relationship (depression, anxiety), but have always been there for each other.She says she can no longer look after me. I dont want looking after.Things havent been wonderful of late, but far from awful. She says she has been feeling this way for a while, but instead of talking things through with me, she has been going to see a friend and having all the conversations with her, so I havent even had an input in the thoughts, conversations and events leadig to this point.As I said we have both suffered with mental health problems and as such most of our relationship has been just us, few friends, no family her side (she was abused as a child and so has no contact) and we have kept my family at arms length.It has just been us two.She has been all I have had, she is my life, my everything and I dont understand why she doesnt want me anymore. Why she wont even give me a chance to sort the problems we have.She asked me to give her space so I moved out for 2 weeks, even though she is the one wanting to end it. I have moved away from her and my family. To some they may just be pets, but to me they are family and i miss them dearly, particularly our dog Tilly.I feel like everything has been ripped from under me.Two weeks ago things seemed fine, now I feel like I have nothing. All I want is her. If I cant have her I dont want to live.I have been with my sister since, who is in the mental health care profession. She has been making sure I do nothing stupid these 2 weeks.I have been trying to keep so strong. I have improved on who I am so much in these 2 weeks, but it has been for her.If, when I see her to talk things through on Saturday, she says it is over I dont want to live. II dont see life without her.It has been me and her for 13 years though thick and thin and thic and more thick.She was my first and to now my only. I have no friends. I dont know how to meet people. I dont know how to date. The idea of being with someone else sickens me. I'm distraught and crushed. I Still want to be with her whatever it takes. I dont think I will get the chance.I am seeing a therapist but it's not even close to enough.I am on Diazepam but its not nearly enough.Two weeks ago she said she'd never leave me. Last week she did.Sorry if this doesnt have much order I'm a bit all over the place.You are good peopleEdit: I forgot to mention, she is a wonderful person, she has never done wrong by me. This is all so confusing.Edit 2: she has also been suicidal over the years and I cant stop worrying and dont see how I ever will
My life is miserable, but I'm too coward to pull the trigger 
6 times.Six. Times. I've been trying to get therapy for about 2-3 years. Each and every time I have been rejected.Sometimes it's because they think I'm too "low risk", because I'm able to say I hate myself and I want to die with a straight face.Others say I'm too high risk for the same thing.Some just stop responding.The NHS is awful and I really want out now. 
I'm not re-typing this so I'm gonna just paste what I put on r/offmychest to try and vent it out. Extra details added as it's gone on. To be fair, in retrospect of putting this together this is basically a vent too but honestly I've never felt so ready to just let go. Probably not even through an actual deliberate attempt but sort of just letting general health and wellbeing go. Does that still even count, should I even post here? Fuck knows.This year has been killing me from start to finish.The day David Bowie died, and I so wish it was just the day David Bowie died, one of my best friends passed away from a brain aneurysm. I don't know if he saw me as anything more than just the at the time 17 year old who came in to fill cylinders off a compressor all day, but through any doubts at work it's him that kept me there. He was the one thing that motivated me to get to the point I'm at now, where I was signed off as a professional just before coming to uni.I struggled with A levels and with trying to keep my emotions in check up until I left my sixth form college. I thought I'd made it. I got into my university of choice, I had finally pushed through, from there it can only get better.I was wrong. I was so wrong because it turns out people who are scared of being surrounded by new people aren't too good at moving in or going on nights out with the people they're living with.I got past it, I made friends with my 6 flatmates, this is it, I can get on with all the good things to come.In the last week, a friend from school jumped in front of a train and ended her own life. I was one of the people to physically prevent her from jumping off a bridge and I thought after the police took her in and took care of her and sent her to hospital, it would be fine. She seemed happy, she had made plans for the future. In the same week, my brother was in a car accident. He's fine now and if he wasn't i don't think I'd have been able to take it. I had my midterm exam for research methods and data analysis I today. It's been a tough week but I gave it everything I had and I just so hope it was enough, I should get results soon I think. And now, a friend who came here with me, who I have asked nothing of but money to cover printing ink costs (that their parents gave to them with the intention of giving to me) has decided that I'm not worth the money, and has given me a long list of things out of the blue that are bad about me. I defended myself on each point given after it was all out and all I got was "Okay, we're done now". With this goes my housing arrangements for next year and probably almost all of my other friends here, as well as some of my closest friends from back home.I have never felt so alone.I've tried to get help for my problems and it's still not working. I'm trying to be better so people will stop hating me and leaving me and it's not working. Nothing is working.I can't help but feel it's never going to stop. It's not just been this year, it seems like every year is a new set of tragic events with somebody being killed or deciding I'm not worth the trouble of keeping around.This year was meant to be the year I got better. I got to uni and decided to start making positive changes and it seems like there's just barrier after barrier in my way.I just don't know what to do. It seems like the more or louder I ask for help the more it gets thrown back at me worse. Maybe I'm better off being alone because at least it isn't taken away every so often.Maybe I'm not. Maybe I should stop trying to work things out. It'd be a weird sort of interesting to see what happens if i just let it all unravel, see how long I can make it last.Maybe I should stop trying to do anything. I just don't know anymore. All I can see is that I'm left alone. It doesn't matter what happens.This is what my thoughts and feelings are. I'm not proud of it, fuck I'm doing psychology at undergrad level, I should know better. But it's there. It is how it is. I don't know what I'm even typing anymore, so fuck it, that's all I got.
Honestly, this post is not about me wanting to commit suicide. I am not there emotionally yet, just not ready yet, you can say. However, thoughts about suicide often cross my mind. Not that I actually want to die when they hit me, nope. But I just start thinking it over - what's the point in life if I can't set myself a firm goal? if I can't possibly decide what is best for me, if i can't possibly decide what job in this world will make me get up in the morning feeling happiness, or at least with a smile, while my family and others are waiting for some substantial changes in my life (like me finally showing them I am a proper adult)? if I can't motivate myself doing anything (sometimes anything AT ALL) properly, much less create some action plan towards a future goal? if I can't communicate with people properly because I am so much of an introvert (I have no friends and never had any, just some people I knew well in school, college, etc.)? if I see absolutely no future for myself, I mean, how can I possibly see any future if I can't set up goals and can't motivate myself improving my own life? These moments I feel like a wreck and so I question myself - what's actually the point of life? May be life is just moo much of a responsibility to me, the one I can't handle? And even if I choose to die, why the hell should I bother who will cry after this? I mean, I will be dead, right? I won't give a single damn about the living anymore. So why should I think about those who will cry after I die, why, even on the verge of suicide should I think about other people? This is my life, my choice, right? There is no point in life, this is all I derived for myself philosophically (I ain't dumb I suppose overall). Shit, even Solomon said this in the Bible (Ecclesiastes, but I am NOT religious at all). There are people who don't know this (probably too busy to think about shit like this, or may be not smart enough to understand it), people who do know this truth, but who keep drinking/drugging themselves to avoid thinking of it, and there are people who take action - who kill themselves, logically doing the only right thing.So the question is - what on earth should actually prevent me from blowing my brains out if things get too hard (I am almost 100% sure that in the nearest 3-4 months they will)?Sorry for the long post, but this is actually the only thing that bothers me now, and has been for almost a year now.
We are both pretty drunk at the moment, which is I know is not optimal but he told me that he wants to kill himself and I am having trouble properly handling the situation at the moment.  If anyone has some advice off the top of their head it would be much appreciated
We've been dating for about seven months. I've always known he had fairly severe depression and anxiety, but he goes to see a therapist and takes a lot of meds, so most of the time he manages to get by.The past week and a half he's been in Canada visiting friends, and everything seemed relatively okay. This afternoon he texted me saying he found out he'd failed maths at uni (which means he has to repeat the subject next year), and then suddenly he said he's done with life and everyone and everything.Then he logged off messenger and stopped replying to any of my texts or calls. I freaked out. I spent two hours texting his friends to try to find out where he was (he's staying in a hotel). I had a couple of panic attacks and cried more than I have in ages, leaving him probably dozens of voice messages and texts and calling him every few minutes.Finally his friends said he'd been found (probably by the hotel staff) and is now in hospital. His mum is flying to be with him tomorrow.I'm just so in shock. The amount of relief I felt when I found out he wasn't dead was so strong, but in its wake I think I might be in shock. I feel so numb, I have no appetite, everything around me is moving strangely, I feel like I might collapse any moment. Above all else I'm just so glad that he survived, but I have no idea how to deal with this. What to say to him after, how to look after myself, how to recover from the love of my life being so close to dying. I don't know what to do.
I'm done, I can't go through having another person stop talking to me because w/e reason they never say, so I'm going to leave.
Hi, my girlfriend posted here a day ago I think, well she attempted suicide last night but didn't go through with it and ended up going to a crises center, I've talked to her today and I believe she's going to try again.  I live a city away from her without a car so going to her right now is practically impossible. I'm very scared and worried for her. If anybody has any advice they can give that would be greatly appreciated
I just need help understanding myself. Why do I always feel so confused about myself all the time?I can't stop my thoughts from going absolutely batshit insane. I constantly stumble over ways to get my thoughts into words. I need an explanation for myself. Does anybody feel this way? it's really hard to describe.I feel almost like the eyes of the world are resting upon me. I get into swings that I cannot get out of. is there something wrong with me? someone help me understand
How do I get the strength to disappoint my employer, my girlfriend, and my family and finally end my suffering?  I'm only alive because I feel guilted into living.
I'm sick of tired of the constant anger of fucking retard assholes think they're the shit because of how much money they can get and how much shit they own in comparison. I hate how bossy fucking people are, i wanted to kill the ones i hate dear to my heart, i feel my life is getting worse as time passes, people and friends ask for fucking favors and never think about your personal feelings and how much MORE shit they can possibly pull to fuel you more. I HATE how FUCKING overprotective parents, teachers, and family are and never lets me walk my own path!I HATE Random ass bitches that act way too friendly for they're own benefits just to comfort someone based on a guy's expression or facial looks but never gives a care about who you REALLY are personally.I'm close to wanna end this fuckin life of mine, no one cares why should you because at the end of the day we sin and repent for the things we do everyday and not the time for that one individual that's lonely in this big world we live.We sleve and stuff our pockets, never slides out when needed 'em but it's okay for a pound sack of cash like a contract dealership. So why worry about one single male's issues that has been bottled for years till it wobbles and spills till it's too late in life when had the chance.For anyone having inner anger issues but are quiet about till now, please use this as a quick lesson that never let people, quote on quote "best friends", or Family members control your everyday life however way benefits their personal satisfaction or however they see fits. NEVER let ANYONE CONTROL WHO YOU ARE INSIDE & OUTSIDE!! You'll highly regret it later down the road in life!
I need to kill myself. I'm just a burden that needs to die. Everyone hates me everyone will be happy when I kill myself
im 15 and i cant take it anymore
I don't know how to get through two days like this. Help please. 
I need help. I know I need help. My worth is fluctuating from "loved" to "worthless" on a daily basis. When it happens all I can think about is ending my life. I need to be hospitalized before I act upon my impulses-- because I know when it builds up I will do it. But I can't bring myself to tell my mom she needs to take me to the ER. I've been doing so well for the past 6 months...I can't see her crying and asking me what happened. I can't see her tired face from sitting next to my hospital bed for 8 hours even though she has work the next day. I can't leave my baby brother wondering where I am for the 6th time in a year. But I need help. I don't know what to do. I feel like I should just make sure I'll actually die this time.
The doctors. The pills.The drink.The distractions.Nothing works for me anymore. It's bullshit, I'm tired of it and I'm at the end of my rope.I'm running out of time. Out of options.I'm running out of my will to live. (Not that there was much left anyways.)I wasted time trying to convince myself that I was special or even just something worth saving. Boy how wrong I was.No one will actually miss me.But I'm too much of a pussy to do anything anyways.
Sorry for the throwaway account.Last year October I was kicked out of my house by my mum and dad, they had a lot of fights and couldn't handle having me around also. I left and a friend let me stay with them since, I've been trying to find a job, I worked a little for awhile but got laid off. I don't have a license or a job at the moment and my friend has had enough of it.. which is understandable. I've talked to him a few times previously and managed to beg for a few more weeks but it's no more this time.He said I have until this weekend to get out and now I have no where to go and nothing to do. I literally can't do it anymore, I've been depressed for over 5 years and now I'm terrified, I don't know how I'm going to survive, don't know where to go, who to look for help. I don't\can't drive, have a phone, have money. I don't own anything to my name and now I'm going to be kicked out and it's no ones fault but my own which I've come to terms with.I'm thinking of giving up. 26, no job, no license, no life. It's your classic loser in the flesh. I just want help but it's hard to help someone that can't even help themselves..
i am always left out, i suffer ADHD and aspergers syndrome, i m getting treated like shit because of it ever since i was a kid, people get annoyed of my presence, i always feel alienated, and i keep making mistakes, i never had a true friend my whole life :'(  i only manage to make friends on the internet and virtual worlds, and life to make it more worse, i also suffer from scoliosis, my body is very deformed. my parents dint save up for college for me, and are broke right now, in my opinion, what i am really unhappy is about how people treat me. people  seem to think i am retarded and fun to mess with. no matter how hard i try to act normal, how long i searched the internet for a solution, no avail, people still treat me like i m retarded, next year is my final year of high school and i m failing hard, its because i cant focus at school with people around. i really hate been around people. my future is dead.

